Andrés Gluski: Thanks Gustavo. Before we open the call to your questions, please allow me to summarize our key points. Our strong third quarter results demonstrate our successful execution, and we remain on track to meet our 2019 guidance and longer-term expectations. We are uniquely positioned to drive long-term shareholder value through strengthening our balance sheet and credit ratings, reducing our carbon intensity, growing our backlog of attractive renewable opportunities, and rapidly expanding our LNG infrastructure business. We are taking steps to consolidate our position as a technology leader, through technologies such as energy storage and cloud-based energy solutions and most recently, creating a strategic alliance with Google. We believe that our strategy and execution, position us well to offer double digit total returns to our shareholders. Operator, we're now ready to take questions.
Andrés Gluski: Sure. This is Andrés. So I think we've done exactly what we had been sort of saying that we could do in the Dominican Republic. So basically, we filled up our 70 tera BTU tank there. So, basically it's at full capacity. By signing this joint venture with other local generators, we need additional capacity. So, we're going to build a second tank with 50 tera BTUs capacity and about 30 tera BTUs is that at - is either agreed to or in the process of that signing agreements for, so that's already quite taking up 60% of the new capacity of the tank. So, this in the Dominican Republic, I think we have really followed through on what we said was possible. In the case of Panama, we have an 80 tera BTU tank. Right now, that's at most about 30% used and so there is considerable capacity to put other generators on gas, and so Panama does have other natural gas projects. It also has a lot of diesel plants, not too far from our plant. So really, it's a question of how fast we can connect those. It also has the capacity for re-export just like we have in the Dominican Republic and also for CNG in terms of trucks and local - local industry. So, I think the point is that in the Dominican Republic we do have capacity now for once we complete this tank for another 20 tera BTUs. And we continue to have about 50 tera BTUs in Panama that are available. So, it's going to be a combination of as we did in the Dominican Republic, local demand, additional power plant. It's going to be additional industries and transportation. And I think, growing over time is the re-export. So, we are exporting natural gas from the Dominican Republic to for example, Guyana, Barbados, Haiti, and there are other possibilities as well, and obviously the Central American region has possibilities as well for the export of natural gas.
Andrés Gluski: We think - the potential is maybe $0.05 to $0.04 by 2022. Yeah, in the MCAC. I mean this is not counting, of course what we could be doing in Vietnam. So this is we have - is the Vietnam project it would be another $300 plus million of equity going into the project, and we expect good returns on that as well. So, as you can see, that would be a big contributor to our earnings growth post 2024.
Andrés Gluski: That's correct. That's the opportunity. So, you know in the past we had talked about $0.05 what we basically filled up some of that in the Dominican Republic. So, the additional tank puts us back in another sort of $0.04 to $0.05 of potential upside.
Andrés Gluski: Not really, I think the one that I pointed out in my remarks, was tax, it's relatively within the range on a year-to-date basis, but you may recall, last year we had unusual low tax rate. So that is one thing for us, that would probably it won't be happening in the Q4 of this year, but a part of that nothing - no one-time-ish.
Andrés Gluski: Yes, Chris, I agree with everything except what you said about the DMR. We think that continue to feel good about the successful resolution of this, so we agree that we've had some upside. And I think quite frankly those things which are under control we've consistently I think over delivered whether it's paying down debt, reducing costs growing the LNG business are growing renewables. So, that's true, but we really don't see that the - I wouldn't put the DMR is - we continue to feel good about it and it remains on track.
Andrés Gluski: Again, we are executing on our plan and I think we've delivered some things ahead of schedule that is certainly true. I mean we have been talking about getting our sort of the investment grade stats this year and, but we upfronted that we paid down more debt. I think it's very important that we said we pay down $150 million of recourse debt, we paid down of $450 million. So we have been over-delivering.
Andrés Gluski: Sure. Really we have nothing new to report on merits so that's why it wasn't part of our speech. We continue to be paid on time. The plant is being dispatched and now we're entering the winter season, which becomes even more important, they are up to date on their payments, the off-takers financial situation, NEK is strong. The country is growing strong, and it remains investment grade. So those things continue. And regarding the illegal state aid case in front of the European Commission, our advisors continue to talk. So we have no official case yet and they continue to talk. And so, as I - we said before, we have really nothing new to report, but the asset is doing well.
Andrés Gluski: So there are two part. The - responding to the second, absolutely no, nothing has occurred yet. This will take effect two years. So it hasn't affected our returns of ASN there at all at this point. The second was that you know BHP has a - let's say a mandate from Corp to go green. So they put out a bid for 6 terawatt hours of new energy and what came back was basically about may a bit more than half of it was existing hydros in Chile. The other ones are renewables. So this will replace our existing contract. No, our contracts, generally we make our money on the capacity payments, energy is a pass-through. So for our contract, they have to make us whole, if they're not going to use our capacity. So they have mentioned a number in their press release of a value of about $780 million. This has yet to be absolute - the exact number has yet to be negotiated. We think it's sort of around $800 million, but this is yet to be negotiated. But basically this shows, I think the strength of our contracts in Chile, you know lot of people are questioning the value of these contracts. And I think this shows that these contracts are very solid. So they will pay us for this future - the present value of that future capacity it was running through 2029. And there is still about - plant is about 20% contracted. And so this will be - it's a business decision by BHP and it's I think shows the strength of our contracts and the business in Chile.
Gustavo Pimenta: Hi Julien, Gustavo. So, in the - particularly in the quarter, most of the growth is in the MCAC region as I mentioned in my remarks. So, the U.S. on the renewable space, probably, we have a $0.01 to $0.02 in the quarter no more than that. And so that's probably what it should be seen on an annual basis, maybe $0.04 to $0.05 growth because we are deploying around $300 million globally, most of that in the U.S. So that's what you will be seeing going forward.
Gustavo Pimenta: Gustavo here, Greg. That's right. So that is in 2022, so we’re probably going to reach financial close into 2021, spend half of the equity in 2022 which is this 200 that we see in the chart and then 2023 will draw additional $150 million to complement our investment.
Gustavo Pimenta: Yes, well, you know Greg, as you know that we've been, I think certainly not people to sort of chase shiny object. We really go to the fundamentals, what does this mean. Now this is a preliminary announcement it has many components to it and we will be providing color as things develop and things materialize. But realize first that we are sort of uniquely positioned to help Google meet its 24/7 renewable zero carbon energy across the globe. So we are uniquely positioned to do that. We recently won a bid in Chile for about 125 megawatt to do exactly that. So this is - that was the first stage concrete, there will be others we believe, and as I said, it will be in targeted U.S. and Latin American markets. Second is to realize that the biggest, the fastest growing sector of corporate demand is web services. So, I believe, Google has announced about 6 gigawatts of need across the globe. So this is, it's a big target, it's growing, and this is the fastest growing corporate sector, what they want is renewable energy around the clock. We are uniquely well positioned to deliver that. So again there will be follow-ons to the Chile deal we believe and stay tuned to that. In addition, there is some elements of energy management in these locations for us using our portfolio to provide carbon free around the clock energy. Then there is also, I would say on the - on our platform, the opportunity to optimize and continue to deliver cost, cost reductions. So we've been doing spending years quite frankly cleaning up data, because again, a lot of buzzwords that people throw out AI machine learning, it's only as good as the data you have. So we've been cleaning up the laborious and very hard task of having the right data in place. So we believe by combining our two capabilities. We've been the leader in new applications in our sector. We'll give us really a boost to the cost saving initiatives we have mentioned, it will also give us a boost in terms of delivering on what are continually changing customer expectations. So, we expect this alliance to make very concrete announcements into the future. So this is not just sort of a feel good PR announcement, it really is that the two of us combined, were leaders in certain areas such as energy storage, energy efficiency solutions in the U.S. So I think it makes a whole lot of sense this is sort of two plus two equals six. And this is really all of this will be basically upside to what we have and our numbers, and we're going to dedicate people and resources to make sure this is something very concrete. In terms of - what it would really make an impact on our earnings that's probably, I'd say, two or three years out, at a minimum, because and this is really sort of setting the groundwork, could even if you win new power purchase agreements you have to build on these are require additionality. So just to put that in context, I think it's very important, but it's not going to have an immediate impact cost.
Gustavo Pimenta: Well, as you know, you hit the - I think the nail on the head, it's really how do we monetize that value. This is not - you know a regulated asset, it's a marginal contributor. We have to think about it differently. So we've created a market leader in the market that's growing at 100% per year. It's going to have a major impact on the future of our sector. So again, it's not a sort of a marginal investment, you have to think about all the value we're creating by this. As I - we mentioned, we are not, it is cash and variable margin positive but that money is going into the business to prepare it for really scaling up, I mean it grew a 100% last year. So you have to scale it up. So I think it's creating a lot of value for our shareholders directly in the business and some point it will probably make sense to really have a marker out there. So you guys can get a feeling for what it's worth, because we think we've created a lot of value in the business, there are various ways to do that, but I think a marker, would be very good to be able to put it into what's its value within the AES portfolio. But I have no doubt that this is going to be a major part of our business going forward. And I mean our sector going forward. And do realize that it is giving us a competitive advantage in winning renewable PPAs, because we know as much as anybody about how to integrate energy storage and some very exciting developments coming in the Fluence space. So stay tuned, in terms of products, in terms of new ideas. So for example, one in Chile, we making the world's first virtual reservoir or you can take a run of the river hydro, which is Las Lajas and really instead of having to dispatch the energy 24/7 you can quite frankly not dispatch it when energy prices are low, mostly due to solar and inject that energy when prices are much higher. So there's a lot of innovation going down it's very exciting.
Gustavo Pimenta: Chris, Gustavo here. No, not really, I think the $0.05 is recurring because it's a catch-up from the first half, we may recall in the second call - second quarter call, as we mentioned that our first half was slightly weaker versus our expectation due to those outages and we expected to recover a large portion of that impact in Q3, Q4 and that's what happened, so it's - it's really a catch-up from the first half, you should read this as a first half figure and not as - as a one-time. So that's what it is.
Gustavo Pimenta: Yes. Gustavo, here. The short answer is yes. We will be providing color on February, but as I said in my remarks, we are reaffirming the 7% to 9% and to your question, yes, that's our expectation.
Gustavo Pimenta: Okay. Yes. Regarding Argentina, no that's not a - the run rate, what we had said in the past, as you know that we had three years where we did not distribute dollar dividends from Argentina. And so there was a catch-up in recent years. Now having a portfolio like ours as Gustavo mentioned in his speech, we don't expect this to affect us and also in Argentina is one that is a little bit of up and downs. We've been there in good times, we've been there in bad times. We've always made money, even in 2002 we made money in Argentina that I think reflects the quality of our assets and the fact that they're very lowly levered. So this is not the sort of the run rate with current exchange controls in place, we don't expect to be paying material dividends out of Argentina, certainly next year. But we've always, you know it's again operated well there. We have put a big back-office there. And so that's one way of, quite frankly, if you will, dollarizing is by using our pesos in Argentina to get services which are worth dollars to us. So that helps offset to some of this. So to be clear, in Argentina, we've always made money, we've always been capable of paying dividends, just we haven't always been able to buy the dollar. So if you look historically, the average is more like $70 million or so, and it's been like 5% to 6% of subsidiary distributions over time. So, and this is quite frankly what I expect in Argentina, it's kind of up and downs. But it's, we've operated well there and I expect this getting sort of up and downs, but it's not something that's going to materially affect our forecast.
Gustavo Pimenta: Charl, that's a good question. Basically look there are two projects both supporting each other. So, the first is the 480 tera BTU regasification and storage terminal. So to put that in context. Today, we have about 150 tera BTUs between Panama and the Dominican Republic, with the additional 50 tera BTUs that will go to about 200 tera BTUs. So this is a very large project. Now in this case, we have about 38% of the project and PetroVietnam has the remainder. So we have a partner in this project. So, where will the gas go? There is about 6 gigawatts I believe of gas five turbine in Vietnam. There had been using offshore gas, which is running out. So there will be immediately a demand for the LNG terminal. In addition to our 2.2 gigawatts of combined cycle gas plant, which would be using that gas. Now in the second project on the combined cycle gas turbine plants. The 2.2 gigawatts we own 100% of that. So when we talk about contracts or different contracts. So one would be of course of the contract between the LNG terminal and the generators, including ourselves. Then there is the off-take of the energy and capacity coming from the 2.2 gigawatts of new generation. And I realize we have a 1.3 gigawatt plant already in Vietnam, Mong Duong 2which has done very well performing, it is one of the best performers in the country, we built it on time and on budget. As a long-term dollar-based contract, it's been paying on time. So basically, it would be like a repeat of Longjiang-2 only burning gas this time. The other contracts for example between the supply of gas to this is Son My 2 is the name of the terminal that contracts have yet to be negotiated and obviously would be PetroVietnam and ourselves negotiating with U.S. gas suppliers. So those have yet been negotiated. But in general the - it's a very firm commitment by us and then by the Government of Vietnam to do this project. And so I'd say the one thing that distinguishes it from, say, the projects in Panama and the Dominican Republic, is that - the demand is there. So it's not a question of building a terminal storage facility where the anchor tenant plant that you build a 30% of it. In this case it's going to be use - the use is going to be much, much faster, getting to the 90% plus usage.
