Andres Gluski: Thanks, Tom. In summary, we’re pulling all levers from cost reductions, to capital allocation to respond to the challenges presented by a generally weaker global economy. As a reminder, our 6 gigawatts of projects under construction are largely funded and are the driver of at least 10% average annual growth in proportional and parent free cash flow over the next three years. Looking forward, we do not believe that our strong and growing cash flow is fully reflected in our valuation. Over the next three years we will generate $2.6 billion in discretionary cash, an amount equal to one-third of our current market cap.  As our track record demonstrates we will invest in dividend growth, debt paydown and share repurchases. In fact, in 2015 alone, we have returned $700 million or roughly 9% of our current market cap to our shareholders. With that I would now like to open up the call for questions. 
Andres Gluski: Basically what we are using is those commodities and currencies that we have with a relatively liquid market, we’re using basically forward curves two years out. And then more or less a purchasing power parity thereafter. So we have considerable devaluations embedded into these forecasts.
Andres Gluski: So we’re talking about the $150 million initiative. We have already done a $200 million initiative which we started in 2012. Recalling a little bit, we had set out a $100 million program and we managed to get twice that number in savings. What we have in front of us for next year is $50 million and that will be 100% cost reductions. And these are things that we have identified in terms of becoming a more efficient company, streamlining our structure, streamlining processes and really making sure that every single dollar that we are spending is going towards meeting our objectives.  So, for example, we have to make sure that we are not spending any money on any business development, for example, in deals that we’re not going to do over the next couple of years. I think we have this very well identified for 2016. When we think of 2017 and we start getting into some of the initiatives that we’ve had in the past the we’ve started and we’re well underway. We have churn of accounts now, we are really looking at our procurement efficiencies. We are starting to really achieve significant efficiencies on our new construction projects.  So by standardization and by more global deals. We really think that we have to get this more into our global procurement as well. There will be continued streamlining of the company as well and this continues into 2018. The only thing in 2018, we see a small number, maybe 10% of this, 15% of this in terms of revenue enhancements, these are several things that we have identified. But one of them which we don’t have in our forecast is really having a channel partner to sell some of our advancing product. We think by then it’s reasonable to think that we’d have some income from this.  So we feel very confident about hitting this $150 million. And, if you go back to our earnings call, we have always hit our cost savings and revenue enhancement numbers.
Andres Gluski: Well, not all El Ninos are the same. This is a particularly strong El Nino. So that, normally El Nino would be favorable to, us but in the very case of the very strong El Ninos, it tends to be a bit drier in Panama than a normal El Nino. And, if you look at Southern Brazil you tend to get more rains in the extreme Southeast and somewhat less rains in the Central South. So were taken those into perspective. Normally in Colombia it’s somewhat better but with a very strong El Nino it is a little bit more volatile. So that’s the net that we think it’s a little bit negative from these factors. One thing that hasn’t been perhaps highlighted is that we have had really torrential rains in Sewall, in Rio Grande do Sul. We’ve had the worst rains since 1940. We have had storms that just recently knocked out 14 transmission towers and left half of the 1 million customers without power. And so that’s one of the things, for example, that’s affecting our 2015 guidance. So it’s basically these factors. It is a little bit Brazil, a little bit Panama and we are not expecting because it’s a strong El Nino to have the full offset in the case of Chivor in Colombia.
Andres Gluski: Yes, Ali. We are assuming normal hydrology in Brazil for 2017 and 2018. That is correct. We’re assuming an El Nino through the first half of 2016.
Andres Gluski: Yes. One of it is arithmetic. It’s a bigger number, so if you have an x amount of decrease, say $100 million, it is going to impact the smaller number more. But I think to be frank, we had a little bit more margin in our cash flow. And realize that our cash flow, as we have always been saying, is going to be growing faster than our earnings. And the primary driver is we have $3.5 of NOLs, we have higher depreciation that we have maintenance CapEx. And we also have some of the accounting for lease accounting and HLBV et cetera tends to spread this out. So I think, those are the primary reasons. They have not changed. And we been saying for some time that the fundamental strength of this company is its cash flow. And, I think that we have seen that even with these negative external factors, we’re delivering on what we had laid out.
Andres Gluski: We always look at that. I mean, we have an open mind. We know that we’re working for our shareholders. We will look at anything that we think increases shareholder value. Having said that, in terms of our portfolio, we think we have the global scale that really allows us to reach economies and synergies. So, for example, if you look at recent bids recent bids, whether it be California or the gas plant in IPL, which had to basically complete with alternatives or the gas plant and regassification terminal in Panama, we’re winning bids against the best in the business. And we’re able to do that because of this global scale and reach that we have. I think we’ve also shown that the portfolio, in this case, is offsetting. It’s doing well in one place; it’s not doing well on the other. And we think we have good combination of rapidly growing markets in Asia. And Latin America is going through a downturn in the cycle but realize that, other than Brazil, these markets are growing whereas, for example, in the U.S. it is a market where energy demand is not growing. Having said that, we have further fine-tuning to do. We have to sell down those areas where we have particular risks that have been affecting us. We are growing in those areas. If you look at where our growth is, 80% is U.S., or it’s Chile or even if you include Panama, it’s dollar-denominated. So we’re decreasing our currency and hydro risk over time. So we will continue to do what we’ve done in terms of fine-tuning this portfolio, taking advantage of our synergies, making it more efficient, cutting costs, standardizing to become the good operator. We keep an open mind. I think that we have – when, for example were people discussing Yoto in the past, we said we would look at it. We didn’t see it really a fit for us and we also felt that that would commit us to growth in situations where the markets may not be good. So, having said that, we will keep an open mind, but I think we have shown a lot of prudence in terms of going forward. We continue to look hard at our portfolio, what makes sense as a whole. And, we think we are on the right track. We have been hit with some pretty hard exogenous factors. But as we fine-tune this portfolio, we’ll be less susceptible to them over time.
Andres Gluski: Yes, we said up to. We said up to and this involves not only selling out of some places, but it could also mean selling down on specific businesses where we think we have too much of some risk or that we can churn that cash and put it to better use somewhere else for our shareholders.
Andres Gluski: No, it is not. As Tom laid out, we still hit our range without it in 2015, but we’re not including it in 2016.
Andres Gluski: I’m going to ask Tom to answer this. I think the one thing to realize is that we’re focusing more on cash and getting cash back to the parent and that’s really what we’re maximizing. Sometimes there will be lumpiness in this, but not always from the same place. And we are also – but this is sustainable, because they really represent earnings from those companies that have been over time. So while there may be some lumpiness and when you get a back, it is not like a one-time shot. These things are sustainable over time and they will get bigger. Realize that we have about $1.1 billion in construction projects. We have our equity in construction projects. We have to put in $160 million more. We have a lot of money that is not yet producing results. So, Tom, if you’d like to clarify his question.
Andres Gluski: Just to serve some high numbers, we’re paying about a 4% dividend. We have about a 9% parent free cash flow yield and about a 17% proportional free cash flow yield. I think it is very important what Tom said about the net debt that we pay down at the subs. The vast majority of this in businesses that are ongoing businesses, whether it be, for example, DPL utility. The money we feel that we’re paying down there, we’re creating value. I do agree that if that which would be going for an out of the money older coal plant, that would not be necessarily creating future equity value. But that is very small of that total number. So most of it is going for ongoing businesses. And realize that, because we are in markets that are growing, those plants that we have that we’re paying down nonrecourse debt are likely to even be recontracted at the same or higher prices in many cases. We are in markets that are growing at 10%. This is a very dynamic than in the states where we basically have flat demand.
Andres Gluski: I think one of the important things to mention is that the Bulgarian government is in the process of enacting the regulatory reforms and terra pro forms that will make NEK cash sustainable over the time. There are two parts, one we want to catch up as soon as possible. But equally important is to have the enactment of these reforms which will solve the problem on an ongoing basis.
Andres Gluski: What I would say is we do have a number of under-levered assets in different markets. We’ve talked a lot about Chiete, over time, how to relever Chiete. I would say that it’s really going to depend on the development in those markets and what rates we can relever these businesses. One of these issues we’ve had in Brazil at Sul, is that the interest rates on that particular business, which was hit by the drought and the lag in tariff increases and therefore needed more cash as the interest rates on loans in Brazil are 18% to 19%. So we will be cautious about that. Realize that 95% plus of our subsidiary debt is in the functional currency of that business. So that means means, in places like Brazil, you have to go with floating rates to accomplish that. So we don’t have a currency mismatch. But, to answer your question, we do have those opportunities. Tom and the team have taken advantage of it. In many cases it’s to put that money to work on what we think are very attractive adjacency sort of Brownfield type projects. There are opportunities there, but we don’t feel at this time to put anything into our guidance. It’s an opportunity we have to see how some of these markets develop.
Andres Gluski: Obviously, where our stock is trading at is a factor. That really raises the bar in terms of what the projects have to return. As you pointed out, we have had very attractive returns on our projects. A key factor of that is partners. By bringing in partners who pay us a management fee or a promote or buy into a project, that really raises return on our capital. In terms of a target-rich environment, we are going ahead with those that we see are extremely profitable short-term platform additions. Desal in Chile, as an example. We are going to complete our projects in Panama and Southland. But we are narrowing our scope because of the drop in our share price also, quite frankly, because of the decrease of cash flow of some of our subsidiaries, as a result of XF and commodities. I think we will continue to do what we’ve been doing. We will continue to strengthen our credit over time. We have allocated some paydown of debt in 2016 as we did in 2015 and as we have done before. And that will continue to make us more stable in terms of earnings and cash flow at the parent. So that’s the focus that we have. So in summary, we continue to see good opportunities, but the bar has been raised. We will continue to use partnerships extensively to take advantage of it and we will continue to try to get the optimal portfolio. Taking Ali’s question, we want to get to a portfolio which has the growth, but has less of certain risks be it hydrology are specific markets.
Andres Gluski: Okay. Yes, I’ll ask Tom to talk about the credit improvement for us at DP&L and then we’ll come back to the Brazil question.
Andres Gluski: It’s approximately $0.05 that is coming from Brazil from the different things that are happening in Brazil. Again, going back, we had a 5% decrease in demand, which is very strong, this year. It’s reflecting a weakening economy. The economy in Brazil is actually contracting between 2.5% and 3% this year. In addition, you had increase in tariffs and you’ve had these terrible weather conditions in Sul. That’s a part of the things that are affecting demand in Brazil and then you have the effect on the currencies.
Andres Gluski: I think we would have to really look at the distribution of our portfolio. And really where we have synergies. We’re not going to do any deals, we’ve always said, that would just bring money. There really has to be synergies or something special to it. Right now we’re really focused on completing our projects and those that we mentioned are Southland and Panama, a little desal in Chile. And some energy storage projects which we think have a great potential not only for the projects themselves, but also to help us with third-party channel sales of our technology. I would say Mexico is a market that looks attractive given the partner that we have, but we’re going to be very disciplined. We’re going to be disciplined going forward, because, obviously, we have to react to the change of circumstances. We think that we have a lot of embedded growth in what we have already done. We do not want to be in a situation where we are spending on things that therefore we cannot finance or we have better opportunity to use that money somewhere else. Now having said that, if we give guidance out to 2018, but obviously 2019 is going to be even stronger. And then in 2020, you have Southland coming on. So we also want to have the opportunity for of these brownfield additions in the 1920s space, but we’re not going to be spending a lot of money chasing them at this stage. But if there are opportunities that we can keep at a low cost on the back burner, we will be looking at those.
Andres Gluski: Sure, I think there are two things in Brazil. One is that they are in a recession now. It is a going to take a little time for them to work their way out of it, in my opinion. There’s obviously a lot of political confusion, which doesn’t help. But, having said that, in the case of Brazil, this is an economy which has a population in the optimal level. It is still growing. There is still a lot of opportunities in Brazil, especially they do have structural reforms. So I think everybody, if you look at a medium to longer term outlook for Brazil, in the energy sector, will be far more positive than the outlook today, because you’re really looking at it. I think what is important to realize about Brazil, it is not just commodities that’s affecting them. It has really been internal politics and internal decisions. So, their ability to recover is much greater. So that’s it. We don’t expect great recovery in Brazil in 2016, and maybe even 2017. But thereafter, the fundamentals as the market look pretty sound.
Andres Gluski: Well, we thank everybody for joining us on today’s call. We look forward to seeing you at EAI. In the meantime, if you have any questions, please feel free to call our team. Thank you and have a nice day.
Tom OFlynn: I’ll just add on one point that Andres just mentioned on the differential between proportional depreciation and proportional maintenance on environmental CapEx. We do continue to bring our maintenance environmental CapEx down, but that differential this year is about $300 million. The differential widens as new plants come on, that differential widens by about $75 million a year, so call it $0.78, that’s keeping earnings down, but growing cash.
Tom OFlynn: Keith, I just on proportional free cash flow, maintenance and environmental CapEx is coming down. Just a general sense, it was close to $600 million this year. Over the next couple years, it’s going to be closer to $500 million. Part of that is working hard with efficiencies, but also we did finish an enviro retrofit program at Chile that is basically finished at the end of 2015, so that helps us. And you then you contrast that with growing depreciation from new assets, so it’s the differential between maintenance and environmental CapEx versus earnings. It is about $300 million today, and that differential grows about $75 million a year. We’ve always said, we do have NOLs that hit EPS, don’t hit cash. And then just sometimes when you bring a new business on, especially a new project, the earnings can be leaner at the early years, but cash continues to be strong. On parent free cash flow, it is an increasing focus of the business and a has been for a couple years. But we continue to find ways to drive efficient use of cash through the business. It may come through inventories, they’ll be down about 15% year-over-year. Our unrestricted cash on the balance sheet will be down about $100 million a year and it is down about $300 million from a couple years ago So we continue to look for efficient ways to run the business. I will say that, when we talk about parent free cash flow, all that is earnings. It’s either earnings from this year or it’s retained earnings from a prior year. When we call it parent free cash flow, it has to be earnings, either this year’s or last year’s or whatever. When we do something like the Jennco financing, if it’s a reflection of prior retained earnings, then we will call it parent free cash flow. If it’s a reflection of cash beyond retained earnings, then we will call it returning capital, and that’s why we make that distinction. To the shareholder, it’s really all money. We make that distinction which is really accounting driven. But we do think there are continued opportunities. A lot of that is growing cash in the businesses. It’s a function of proportional free cash flow, but then there are also opportunities to get businesses that may have delevered over time; we can re-lever them periodically. Obviously you don’t do that every year; you do that every few years. And of the ways to look to up freeing cash, that is a big focus. I will just say on the comment of, we do pay down a fair amount of subsidiary debt. $450 million, $500 million a year of subsidiary debt, and a lot of that we give value for, but we get it, let’s say, in loss. We will get it because we’ll refi something at one point in time that allows to have a chunk of your dividend that year. We may get it from the opportunity to build something where we have created equity value in a business and you build something, basically all debt because your equity all is already embedded in the business. Were doing that right now in the DR. And then also, obviously, the extent that we delever a business, like DPL we’re delevering. So on an aggregate-value business, equity is a bigger part of ag value.
Tom OFlynn: Yes, let me get those one at a time. There are discussions going on down in Brazil about compensation to the generators for the meaningful reduction in output GSF beyond listing their nameplate. This year it is going to be about 83% to 85% of GSF. Those discussions are ongoing. I think there are some offsets, some exchanges that have to be made to get some of that. And we are cautious, I would say about whether that will be really a value to us. We’re not baking any of that into our numbers is the important thing. The team is working hard. They are working with other folks down there in similar positions, but at this point we are cautious. And we are not baking any value, cash, earnings or anything else, into our outlook at this point in time. In Maritza, we continue to be positive about it. As you know, we do have a large receivable now of $330 million. Everyone is on board in terms of the banks. The issue, NEK is owned by a holding company called BEH. BEH does have public debt out there. I believe it trades around 5%, 5.5%, but they’ve gone out for proposals from some bank groups. There’s two or three large groups. The primary issue is whether the banks would do a bridge before public take-out that would basically be a parry passive with the current BEH outstanding. Whether the banks would get a sovereign guarantee for all or part of that net, that is the major discussion. Our team is obviously in the middle of this. There may be some other ways to work our way through it. We think ultimately this will be resolved. We do think given its – time is marching on here for 2015; it may be in 2016. That’s not a material issue for us at this point. As you asked Keith, we will be in the range for proportional free cash flow if Maritza’s resolution doesn’t happen this year. All be it, it will be in the lower end of the range. But we expect it to happen next year. And obviously, we would have a very large number for next year. The discount that would accrue, which is about $2 million or $3 million a month, does not kick in until we get paid.
Tom OFlynn: Yes. Steve, I just said, I mean we do have. It’s a great point. We are continuing to work at that that. Parent free cash flow will be up next year about 20%. That is why we have lost margin in the businesses for the currencies and other things that we talk about. Part of that is a reflection of trying to do exactly as you say.
Tom OFlynn: We continue to pay down debt. I haven’t got the FFO projections offhand, but the next maturity which is with at the DPL parent, not DP&L, the utility is $130 million next fall and we expect to be able to pay that off with internal cash flow that was contemplated when we left some of it outstanding with the refi we did a year or so ago. So we continue to see debt paydown. We will be transitioning the DP&L integrated utility from a fully integrated. We will be creating a Jennco, basically a sister to the utility that will involve some refinancing at the DP&L level, and that we’ll be over the next couple of years, within the next couple of years. We can follow up with the FFO specifically at DPL and DP&L.
Tom OFlynn: In terms of the longer-term guidance, we have some modest share repurchases in there. I would point out that I’ve always said in the past, we do always get the authorizations that we need. But we have said that we would do this opportunistically. So we will be very, again, disciplined in our execution of this. In terms of cash, we have some debt pay down as well into these forecast to make sure that we are credit neutral or improving our credit overtime.
Tom OFlynn: Yes, Brian. We look at a balance of share repurchase and debt repayment. It takes time, there’s opportunities to complete those. We’ll look at those, but we don’t put hypotheticals into our numbers. It’s an allocation of discretionary cash beyond our CapEx as to find between share repurchase and debt payment.
Tom OFlynn: It’s really a good question. First I want to clarify. This is up to $1 billion. So we don’t have a targeted $1 billion in sales. So this is up to $1 billion. It will depend on the opportunities and the use that we have for that cash. I want to make that perfectly clear. In terms of our guidance, we do have continued fine- tuning of our portfolio. We have some consideration for some modest dilution from some of the sales. Because that may not pan out in the sense it depends what we sell, the timing of what we sell. But we are being prudent in here that if we sell so. We will update that in terms of some of these asset sell downs materialize. And of course and it will vary very much the net effect. Whether it’s exactly what we have embedded or not, will depend on the use of that cash, whether it’s debt paydown or share buybacks or it’s another project and what’s the gestation period of that project.
Tom OFlynn: I’m going to pass this one to Bernard. We’re not going to give a breakdown by SBU. But Bernard can give you a little color about some of the things. He’s looking at the SBU level, but this is everyone. This is finance; this is IT; this is absolutely everything is being look at in the Company. 
