Andrés Gluski: Thanks, Tom. We have made significant progress in executing on our strategy by advancing our construction programs which is the key driver of our earnings and cash flow growth capitalizing on the advantages from our existing platform in markets where we have a strong position to make investments to ensure growth beyond 2020, rebalancing our portfolio to reduce risk and complexity by exiting non-core businesses and redeploying the proceeds consistent with our capital allocation framework, prepaying parent debt to improve our credit profile and achieving investment-grade metrics and optimizing our cost structure to improve operational efficiency and achieve our $400 million in annual savings target by 2020.  With these actions, we are positioned to deliver average annual growth of 8% to 10% in all key metrics including free cash flow, earnings, and our dividend. Combining this growth and our current dividend yield will result in a total return of greater than 12%. We believe our attractive total return proposition will be better reflected in our share price as we continue to make progress on our strategic objectives and guidance. Now, we will be happy to take your questions.
Andrés Gluski: Okay, let me take the first one. In terms of the first, this is what we have announced before, I mean, I think we’ve delivered, actually more than delivered every year in terms of the guidance we set out. So what we are saying is we feel very comfortable with the $50 million that we announced and is in our guidance for 2017, and an additional $50 million in 2018 and last time we also announced that we – that program will continue -- this sort of productivity improvements will continue in 2019 and 2020 although somewhat at a decelerated pace. So, basically, this is just a reaffirmation of what we announced before. Now on the – sorry, the second question is in terms of, when you are talking about the dilution from the sale of the DP&L assets. 
Andrés Gluski: Yes, Julien it’s probably couple of things when you look at DPL it’s probably about a penny and obviously it depends upon terms et cetera. But maybe it’s about a penny in terms of the – what we are looking at, but that was all contemplated when we gave our guidance in February.  I would say on a cash flow basis, DPL will be pretty neutrally cash flow EBITDA minus CapEx is pretty much breakeven as we see it through our forecast period even before other indirect costs. 
Andrés Gluski: No, Julien, that is part of the 50 for this year and part of the 100 for the end of next year. So we will continue to take steps, obviously as we divest those assets, that also helps us to accelerate this process. 
Andrés Gluski: Well, I think, what Tom and I said, I mean, the main is our construction program. So we had three CCGTs that will be online in 2018 we have the cost-cutting program that we have announced and we’ve had the continued delevering. So those are the three main items that are going to contribute to the increase in our earnings and cash flow in 2018.
Andrés Gluski: Yes, that’s correct. And like all of our numbers, that’s based on currency and commodities, forward curves as of today. 
Andrés Gluski: Sure, hi, Angie. In Brazil, what we are seeing is, last quarter, we saw flattening of the decline and this year we might seeing a slight pickup in demand. But, more like 1% demand has decreased like 10%. So, overall, we are modestly optimistic about Brazil. The President is taking a number – on a number of the important reforms that it flow through, going very well for the country, but we expect a gradual slow recovery in Brazil.  Now this year, they are having a drought and as Tom mentioned, I think, it’s a good example of how our change in commercial strategy and the level of contracting that we have had made it, quite frankly a very small issue, where two years ago it was a very big issue for us. And so, it’s basically the same asset I should say, but it makes a very big difference.  So, with the acquisition of the wins that will help provide Tietê with basically assets which are not correlated with hydrology which are contracted at 18 years at good prices. Now regarding our utility, which is Eletropaulo and remember we sold, Sul. What we are doing is moving forward on listing it on Novo Mercado and that is going well.  And so basically, being on the Novo Mercado means, one share one vote and therefore we would no longer consolidate Eletropaulo in our numbers. Now the company has had a significant recovery in its share price this year and it’s continuing to make improvements operationally. 
Andrés Gluski: We have not secured anymore contracts for Alto Maipo at this stage. It’s part of the Gener portfolio. So, they have basically the Gener, it’s highly contracted through 2021, 2023. So we don’t have any immediate issues at Gener. I mean, last year was a record year for Gener, both on earnings and cash flow.  This year is also looking extremely good. So, what we are seeing, again, as re-contracting rates passes that window, what we’ve seen on the – we have signed some new contracts, especially one of our subsidies of Gener which is Guacolda and these were rates around 70.  But we continue to see sort of a long run price in the sort of mid $60 per megawatt hour and that’s without assuming any sort of rebound in mining activity or more rapid growth of the economy. Chile is growing about 2%, 2.5% and traditionally it’s been growing more sort of at 4%, 5%. So we have a pickup in economic activity. We think these prices could improve further. 
Andrés Gluski: That will depend a little bit on – to what extent we have partnerships in those deals. This year, with the acquisition of sPower and some of the new things we’ve commissioned, we’ll be close to that number in terms of new projects and acquisitions. So, but it will depend on how much of those projects we own and whether it’s 50%, whether it’s 80%. We continue to plan to basically include partners on most of our big projects.
Andrés Gluski: Well, when I think of the new strategy that we announced, based on the prior five year strategy, it would be an evolution of it. We think that the key elements are really having platforms, integrating renewable with existing capacity from thermal and hydro. And also being a leader in new technology. So, we are all about three months into the new strategy and we will update you next time.
Andrés Gluski: That’s a very perceptive question. It’s 52% complete that includes all of the works and all of the equipment. On that tunneling we are more than a third complete on the tunneling. And basically what happened here is that the rock ended up being a less crusted than all of our projections and that’s what’s really slowed us down, because when you have to do more reinforcements you have to go more slowly and it was a bit surprising, because this is an expansion of an existing facility Alfalfal.  So it’s in the same mountain. It reterminates some of the same water. But that is what it is and as you are right, we are not the first to have encountered a different lock and what was expected once you start tunneling.
Andrés Gluski: That’s exactly right. We have three of them in operation now, three TBMs and a fourth one on order that’s coming down. So we will have four TBMs operating on this site
Thomas O'Flynn: Yes, we are still targeting 31% to 33%, first quarter was just the timing of certain events, but 31% to 33% is still what we expect to be for the year.
Thomas O'Flynn: So, Ali, as we talk about asset sales proceeds, those are – that’s cash to corp. So the DPL money will all be used within DPL to retire debt, so that would not count into that. The Kazakhstan $24 million would, and yes, you are right, we had said $0.03 to $0.04 from dilution. We now expect that to be later in the year some maybe $0.02 or somewhat less. That will be a bit of a help from a timing perspective.
Thomas O'Flynn: Yes, we are assuming cash in the – cash return in the high-single digits on that, which is consistent with our – at the lower end of our return on investments that obviously we could look at other things such as paying down debt or repurchasing stock. 
Thomas O'Flynn: Yes, Ali, we have assumed quite – say modest use of the tank in regasification facility in our numbers. So to the extent that we can use, make more use of what’s basically existing capacity in the tank and in the terminal, that will be upside. So, with ENGIE in the Dominican Republic where we are using about 50% of the tank’s capacity, and in the Panama where we had basically 25% of the tank’s capacity being used, the sooner we fill this up, the better it will be.  What is the upside potential? Well, if we utilize all of the existing tanks, say, by 2020 and 2021, that’s between – depends a little bit on the timing, but somewhere between, say $0.03 and $0.05 of upside. Furthermore, we have the land that we could – and capacity at the terminals that we could, in each location build the second tank and that would be further upside potential.  So we are very excited about this opportunity. We’ve been quite successful on our own selling gas in the Dominican Republic for transportation and for industry. We’ve done our first shipments in thermal tanks or really containers of LNG to other, another island in the Caribbean.  So this is an upside. We see that in the future, certainly ship bunkering will be important. We also see again more conversion of plants, industry, transportation in the Caribbean and in Central America. And with a strong partner like ENGIE that can provide structured products to offtakers, we are very well positioned, but we are just starting and that’s why we have very modest assumptions in our numbers. 
Thomas O'Flynn: Well, it’s an additional 100 in 2017 from Gener and we own 67% of Gener. Most of the financing again is coming from the lender and the minority partner.
Thomas O'Flynn: Greg, it’s Tom. First off, it’s impressive you saw the typo on Page 53. But just going back to your first question on the up 100, you are right in terms of investment subs. It’s in smaller pieces, we do have a modest acceleration of our investment in Colon from 2018 to 2017, so it’s a part of it and then the other large part is an investment in renewable including sPower. That’s the biggest of the diff in that 100.
Thomas O'Flynn: Yes, Alto Maipo is very modest for this year, because A, it’s funded by Gener, lower dividends, but it’s really not factoring into that, because it’s funded by Gener and it’s funded over the next couple of years.
Thomas O'Flynn: No, that seems awfully high, quite frankly, no. One thing is very important, we will continue to be very disciplined in terms of our capital allocation and we were committed to growing the dividend, reaching investment-grade and continuing to decrease our risk on this portfolio from all factors.  So, that seems high. I mean, to get there, I mean if you had some dramatic improvements in some of the economies and commodity prices, perhaps, but we do have significant upside as I mentioned on LNG and which we’ve quantified.  And on energy storage, we are continuing to work on that. We are making good progress and when we feel confident that we can provide some numbers, we will do so. But, again, this is our plan. We will be disciplined and ensure that when we grow, it’s profitable growth. And all of our growth has to come on to our platform really has to – we have to be able to provide synergies or economies of scale or something like that before we do an acquisition.
Thomas O'Flynn: Probably, not, I mean, of course it really isn’t our goal. So what’s more important for us is to be disciplined, decrease risk and hit those – grow our dividend and improve our credit metrics. So, with that in mind, I don’t see it quite frankly. 
Thomas O'Flynn: Yes, so, I think, what you are referring to is about $50 million drop, I mean, part of this is, as you know, Gregg, we have announced the sale of our coal-fired generation that accounts for about $30 million to $40 million.  The total shutdown plus sale and then we also have incorporated updated non-bypassable, which is now $105 million versus what we were expecting, which was slightly higher than that. So net-net, I think that is – that accounts for most of the change. 
Greg Gordon: I think most of this – most of my questions have been asked, but what I am looking at slide 53, and I am comparing it to your capital allocation slide. Your investments in subsidiaries is up $100 million versus the Q4 disclosure and it looks like your investment in Alto Maipo is up from $335 million of AES equity to $413 million.  So that looks like it represents the majority of that increase. Am I correlating that correctly? And if so, does that in fact – taking into account the cost overrun or not because the footnotes still says it excludes the cost overrun. 
Greg Gordon: No, I understand that. I am just asking a very simple question. In the Q4 deck you have $335 million invested, but the footnote saying excluding the overrun.
Greg Gordon: Okay, so that typo should have been removed. Great, I just wanted to clarify that. Thank you. And then – but overall…
Greg Gordon: Okay, I understand. Okay, so, when I am looking at Page 53 versus this year’s capital allocation, 53 is total not just this year, it’s happening over a period of time, that’s the difference. 
