Andrés Gluski: Thanks, Gustavo. Before we take your questions, let me summarize today's call. In the first half of the year, we made very good progress on our strategic objectives and expect to accomplish significant milestones in the remainder of the year. We are enhancing the resilience of our portfolio, and we are on track to attain investment grade ratings in 2020. We are increasing our backlog of long term contracted projects. The sustained profitable growth, including advancing renewables and LNG infrastructure, and we are deploying innovative technologies to maintain our competitive edge and market leading positions. Accordingly, we are confident in our ability to achieve our 2019 guidance. We're also confident that we will deliver 7% to 9% growth in cash flow and adjusted earnings per share through 2022. Therefore, we believe AES offers a compelling investment thesis, yielding double-digit total returns that will serve our investors well for years to come. Operator, we are now ready to take questions.
Andrés Gluski: Yes, hi Angie, this is Andrés. Yes, as we said this initiative is additional. It in no way affects the $395 million. It's progressing well, as Gustavo said. And you know stay tuned for developments in the latter half of the year. I would add that this is not like if we don't do this, we’ve already raised $3 billion of partner capital at very good rates. So what we're trying to do here is, do it in a more systematic and predictable way. But in either case, we have additional upside from incorporating partners into our businesses.
Andrés Gluski: Yes, I think, I mean it's very objective here. We've --that's not the discussion in our case, right. So discussion again in our case is regarding the SEET test and not the legalities, so that is not in this court today.
Andrés Gluski: I think the potential implications would be for potential discussion on the extension of the DMR, which I think it's a more fundamental discussion if the DMR should exist or not. And again, we do believe we have a very good case when we got the first, but very clearly if you read the outcome there, one of the discussion is if the proceeds are clearly defined in terms of the uses. In the case of DPL this was very clearly defined. We used 100% for that paydown, so a lot of the fundamentals that were discussed in the other case. From our perspective, our solid from a DPL standpoint and again we need that from our perspective to maintain the investment grade and position DPL for grid mode.
Andrés Gluski: Yes. Puerto Rico has been through you know removal of the governor and they are in the process of appointing a new governor. Look, whatever occurs will continue to be very important for Puerto Rico. We have the most reliable and by far the cheapest energy on the island. To replace our coal plant in Puerto Rico, by burning heavy fuel oil, which is what the other plants mainly burn, besides some gas would cost about an additional $300 million to $400 million a year in imported fuel bills. So Puerto would have to pay an additional $300 million to $400 million per year, which will be passed on to consumers. I think what's also very important is of the large plants. There are only two which are EPA compliant. Most of the plants in Puerto Rico because they're burning heavy fuel oil have excess emissions of sacs, so they're not EPA compliant. And for that reason the air in San Juan and Ponce, the two main cities is not compliant. So while there's been some you know noise of about our coal ash on the island, really this this plant is very necessary. You know we're working with the PREPA to see about green blend and extend as a way of reducing total emissions, you know emissions on the island. And we'll continue to work with them. So stay tuned. And you know this plant is important. It is producing the most reliable and the cheapest energy on the island.
Andrés Gluski: Well we have a number of objectives. So clearly, we have an objective of reaching less than 30% of our total generation by megawatt hour coming from coal. So you know that's something that we will keep in mind. We'll also keep in mind you know those markets which we think are growing most quickly and of course we've also been I think very successful in improving our returns for example even on renewables, by incorporating partner. So there's a combination of factors. But yes, obviously, reducing our carbon footprint will be one consideration in our additional sell downs.
Andrés Gluski: Just to compliment Greg, just to compliment, I think you may recall first Q we have announced the additional $100 million of potential cost savings from digital, which was not in the 7 to 9. So you see that now our forecast has really resilience to manage some of the negative outcome. Having said that, we expect it to get the DMR extension.
Andrés Gluski: Yes. Well you know of course we have a portfolio view of our capital and we don't want excessive concentration in any one particular market outside of the U.S. So I would say that to look at what we did with our Mong Duong facility in Vietnam, where we have been very successful. We were paid on time, it's a dollar contract. We're viewed as the premier operator and developer and builder of projects in Vietnam. So in that case, we didn't have an over concentration of capital. So in the case of Vietnam, we may have Vietnamese partners from the get go. But you know we'll be conscious of that. But I think it's moving very well and as you know Vietnam is a place where it takes time to develop the projects, because you require government consensus from many entities. But you know we're well on our way. So we feel very confident about this project, and you know we'll obviously we'll be conscious about over concentration in one country.
Andrés Gluski: Yes this occurred in a two megawatt facility in Arizona. We've been working with the battery manufacturer, and the utility in that case, really investigating all the root causes and looking at all our facilities. I would say that we've taken a real prudent steps based on that, realize that we're now coming out with our fifth generation of energy storage, which will be a cube and it has all the latest safety requirements. For example, the state of New York, which is it's 95 48 and in addition to that realized that you know we continue to see very strong demand for Fluence even the operator of the one unit that did have that incident, we continue to go forward. So looking at that, we think this is something that there was some earning, we're working again with the battery supplier to really look at what was the root cause. And we're incorporating all learnings and we will have what we have, you know quite frankly, you know the safeties and most up to date units out in in operation, and in construction.
Andrés Gluski: Okay let's take this multifaceted question part by part. I think regarding Vietnam, as you know when President Trump visited Vietnam, there was a letter of intent signed for this project, and it was you know I'll take one of the marquee projects that the two countries had agreed to. So Energy Demand in Vietnam is growing around 10%. Quite frankly, Vietnam is one of the beneficiaries of some of the trade dispute between the U.S. and China. So expect demand to grow even faster. Vietnam does not have sufficient domestic LNG, doesn't even have sufficient coal, and so it's Vietnam is moving towards LNG and renewables as well. So this is a very necessary project. It's going to start supplying not only the new combined cycle gas plants, which are part of this initiative, but existing ones, which are running out of offshore gas as well. So I think it's very necessary. It's also a project, it's very important for both countries for the U.S. and for Vietnam. So that the next things as you know expect no further progress in terms of you know announcements is a between the two countries and us that this is going to be moving forward with. And you know what Vietnamese partners are involved. Vietnam is a country of consensus as I said. So it takes time. But they move and they move in a very steady but very certain fashion. So that's what I would say sort of stay tuned, and it will of course. We have to -- we are part of the Vietnamese government's master electricity plant and that will also involve you know how much LNG is imported. And you know the phasing in of the combined cycle plants. On the second, I will pass this to Gustavo, what I would say is a big part of the $1.2 billion at IPL is actually to – and so it’s a smart grid infrastructure. So I'll pass it to Gustavo.
Andrés Gluski: The things we are still working on that one. So that this 1.2 was exclusively on T&D and we are looking for opportunities on the RFP and we'll come back to you as we as we get this. Put this to bed.
Andrés Gluski: Look I would say that the sales margin you know certainly are holding their different margins for different businesses. You know obviously we're in 20 countries today. We're selling you know for example in the Philippines where you have many isolated positions. You have different applications such as community solar, you had where frankly SunFlex, which is slightly different project product than our advancing product. So you know the margins will differ depending on the market depending on the exact product. But basically, we see the cost curve coming down, because as we come up with our next generation of product here, it's going to be more productized, it's going to be more prefab and it's going to be less customized as we've learnt more about what is optimal for our customers in different situations, so more customization will be on the software and less will be on the hardware. So I would say expect margins to continue to improve. Not not actually go down even though you know we're seeing some you know in some cases you know people are bidding very low prices for the integration of energy storage. Basically to say that, they have an approved product up and operating in many of those cases we don't. We don't compete because you know we would do require margin from our projects.
Andrés Gluski: Good question. It's absolutely Fluence technology. So basically it changes. It differs from pump storage, well pump storage you need a reservoir. You've got to put that water somewhere, and you know you have to build pipelines and you have to use electricity get it up there. And so, there's friction, just the physics of storing electrons is superior to that of storing molecules. So the virtual dam is basically the idea to combine a run of the river facility such as you know the whole Alto Maipo complex is about 750 megawatts. And then you have associated energy storage. Now if you have only five hour storage, what I would remind people that means it's five hours at 100% discharge. If you discharge it at 50% you actually have energy storage capabilities for 10 hours. So what this will allow is you know the run of the river is constant. And what we will do doing is injecting energy into the grid when the prices are best. That's basically it. And really providing capacity. I mean the one big issue with renewables is that they don't really provide you around the clock capacity. So this will provide us you know our run of the river does have actually run around the clock capacity, but this will allow us to inject that energy when it's most needed. So this is a very exciting technology and it will be I'm sure copied. And if we end up with a 250 megawatt five hour facility at the Alto Maipo complex, that makes the economics much more attractive.
Andrés Gluski: Yes, that's absolutely correct. I mean, we actually are have people looking at the virtual Hydro in places like India, because realize that nowadays getting the environmental permits to construct a reservoir you know that often means forest clearance. That means relocating people, is very difficult. These you can install you know within 12 months. So you know really the only barrier is getting the regulations in place as many on getting the proper capacity payments for this to work in and of course it works best in situations where you have a big penetration of solar for example. So you have that really that duck curve that you can take advantage of.
Gustavo Pimenta: Hi Angie, Gustavo here. So just to provide a little bit of detail here. And so while it’s been challenged in the court is not the legality of the DMR. So we have a very specific and narrow claim there. The discussion is around if the DMR should be included or not in the SEET test. So from our perspective and there are precedents in Ohio in which charge similar to the DMR should not be included in the seat best. So we feel -- we feel good about that. In any case, we don't think this is a binary outcome, right. So we have to run this through the SEET test at the end to see what is the final impact. And you know, our view is that decision will probably become coming towards year end. But again, it's not a challenging regarding the legality of the demand, that's a very important clarification. The extension is a separate discussion, right. So, we've got the initial three years under the assumption that would be very specific in terms of the uses of the proceeds. So we've done, we've used 100% of the proceeds for that pay down. We brought -- we brought the complex back to investment grade, and from our perspective, it is necessary to secure the extension for the complex to maintain the investment grade, in position DPL for grid modernization. You may recall we filed last year an investment on his smart grid and for us to continue with those investments. It's fundamental that we secured an extension. So we feel, we have a good case, but that will have to run its two process.
Gustavo Pimenta: Yes Ali, I think what's very important is also for you know for Dayton to have a grid equal to the other grids in Ohio. It needs an investment grade company and that is all wrapped together in this request for an extension of the DMR.
Gustavo Pimenta: That's right. So Julien, Gustavo here. Yes. The 1.2 is all T&D. So you're the team is looking for opportunities on the generation side, but it's not in this number yet. So this is it's in the works. On your third question, regarding their renewable contribution in this quarter was not that material around the cent. And as we bring new projects on line towards your end, then we'll have an additional contribution.
Gustavo Pimenta: Yes, Julien, I -- just just remind you that remember that we were split 50/50 between solar and wind, and we split 50/50 between U.S. and international. So you know something like HLBV is not as important for us as it is for other people.
