JulienSmith: Hey, good morning, Team. Hey, howdy. So, if I can dig in a little bit on the latest capital raises in Gener as well as the uptick in renewable spending here and the equity involved. How do you think about the current outlook reconciling versus the long-term earnings growth rate, right? So you've seen a further uptick in the CapEx and renewables. Does that put you in a different place relative to that range? How do you think about your disclosed CapEx at this $8 billion mark relative to achieving your longer-term targets? And again, this is more of as you ramp up, how do you think about where you are within that range? And then maybe a sub point on that is, how should we think about that global renewables investment relative to the capital raises scenario, I suspect is a different number than the CapEx on that front.
JulienSmith: And that's what your contributions, and again, the critical point that you're making is that it's - the investments in that 330 are targeted beyond the growth rate that you're currently talking about
JulienSmith: Got it. And if I can say it even more succinctly, if I'm hearing you, right, you think that based on the broad assumptions that you're looking at, you can keep AES Gener earnings and cash flow largely intact after 2022 when some of those contracts roll off.
AndresGluski: Yes, yes. In this case, look, Alto Maipo is 90% completed. It has sort of two phases. So the first phase is we only have, I think less than a little bit more than three miles of tunneling left. So most of the tunneling on Phase 1 is done, and we expect it to be substantially completed by the end of this year. And so we're already putting in the electronics and machinery and so it's going forward well, so that's why we didn't talk about it. Because it's going forward. And again, it is part of this - let's say transformation at Gener towards much lower carbon intensity.
AndresGluski: Yes, a lot of them have actually finished their tasks and have been taken out. So I think we have two left. At one point, we had six, which is probably the most I think of any project in the world. So yes, I mean, there were issues with the rock quality, and more than anything else. So that's basically being overcome. What will continue in 2021 is what's called Volcan, which is basically just to bring additional water to the project but the project will have its full capacity of 531 megawatts, but what is very interesting also is this first virtual reservoir, which we have 10 megawatts up and running. And the regulation is in place five hour batteries. And that will allow us to dispatch this run of the river plant differently, take advantage of differences in daily pricing. And if this goes well, we could expand this from 10 megawatts to 240, which would be really substantial. So realize that the Alto Maipo is together with Alfalfal. So together, this is 750 megawatts of hydro, close to the load center of Chile in Santiago, so it really will be a terrific asset.
AndresGluski: Sure. That's a great question. So let's take Fluence which is the most mature. In the case of Fluence, this is a market which is and a technology which is, really hitting, I would say, very rapid rates of growth, anybody you will talk to, will talk about, whether it's U.S. whether it's India. 10s of gigawatts of energy storage, which is needed to be able to operate, the greater numbers of renewables and the technology keeps improving, we're coming out with new products, we’ll be launching them this year, which will help lower costs and for example, prefab modular et cetera. So that's very exciting. Now, getting to valuation, as I've said in the past, we would like and to really get a marker by having a capital raise at Fluence, so that you can see what was the value created. So as you know, we feel that, there's a lot of value is being created, we think it would be a unique asset in the market, there's nothing else similar to it. So we're working on that. Regarding Uplight, we first bought Simple Energy, and then we merged it with Uplight and the valuation that we got from Simple Energy in that merger was up about 100%, from what we paid in less than two years. So Uplight is again, doing many things for a lot of people in terms of being really a cloud based digital services provider for utilities, really the leader in the field, and it's also helping us, with our cost savings and quality improvement as well. So that when you probably longer term, I mean, we're already seeing the benefits in terms of our own operations and in terms of the things that we can offer. And you're right. And especially in the case of Google, there's not that much that we can disclose other than, this involves, as I said, energy management, providing them with energy, we have our first PPA in Chile, to provide them with renewable power. And what's very interesting to them is really our ability to provide 24x7 renewables. So, we're working on a number of fields with them. And in all of these is how we really get a competitive edge in renewables that combining that with our existing platforms and existing client relationships.
