Andrés Gluski: Thank you, Gustavo. Before we take your questions, let me summarize today's call. We have made great progress on our key objectives. Specifically, we secured a second investment-grade rating. We reduced our generation from coal to below 30%. We signed 2.1 gigawatts of new renewable contracts, increasing our backlog to a record 6.8 gigawatts. And we are growing our development pipeline and deploying new technologies, such as Fluence, 5B and Uplight. Finally, with our year-to-date financial performance, we now expect to be at the top end of our guidance ranges for both adjusted EPS and parent free cash flow. With that, I would like to open the call to your questions.
Andrés Gluski: Sure. The capital raise at Fluence is going very well. We have strong interest, and we expect to get it done by the end of this year.
Andrés Gluski: Not really. I mean this capital raise, people are looking at the long term. And certainly, lithium ion-based energy storage has a great future ahead of it. As the -- as I said in my remarks, it's growing very rapidly and it's the leader in the sector. So it really is a unique investment opportunity. So no, we've seen no impact whatsoever.
Andrés Gluski: Okay. Let me start sort of big picture. Most of our business, most of our earnings is coming from the traditional businesses. So this is sort of an add-on, and we're retiring some of the thermal assets. So it's a transition. So it's going to be growing over time. We feel very good about the way it's sort of blending in. Something like Green Blend and Extend it's blending in to this growth. So we have a backlog of 7 gigawatts. It's a good mix of U.S. and outside, and it has good returns. And there's a variety of regulatory schemes under which they operate. So we feel good about it. It's going to be growing, and it's going to -- it's replacing some of the older thermal assets that we're retiring. Second part of your question regarding Fluence, well realize that as I've said in the past, the faster Fluence grows, to some extent it pushes off a little bit positive earnings. We're creating an enormous amount of value. But all R&D for example or all upgrading of our teams around the world, that's expensed. So when you're growing 400% this year, we expect a 40-plus growth rate going forward. We have a backlog of 1 gigawatt; so that's still up. So there's no -- right now, Fluence is a drag of around $0.02. So it will -- everything has a positive margin. We expect this to turn around, but it's a little bit of a function of how fast we grow. So ironically the more value we create and the faster we grow, that may take a little bit more time.
Andrés Gluski: Well, basically our current facility, especially the storage tank in Panama, is about 30% utilized. All the capital investment has been made. So to the extent that we can contract more gas passing through it, that goes straight to our bottom line. And so we feel good about the possibility of contracting more gas in Panama and increasing that utilization. In the case of the Dominican Republic, we had talked about this for many years, that actually we filled up the tank, to the extent that we're actually having to build a somewhat smaller but second tank there to meet all the demand. So realize this is contracted. It's tolling. We're not taking commodity risk. So our gas strategy in the Caribbean and Central America is playing out as planned.
Andrés Gluski: That's a great question. We think about that a lot. So really what we see is that there is a true competitive advantage of combining our existing platforms with the new. And I say that because it's easy to talk about renewables, but really that's just energy. And what the market is demanding is capacity. So you're going to get that capacity in the short term from your existing traditional facilities and then with energy storage. So thinking about that, nobody is in a better position than us to do that because we really are the leader in the -- not only the amount of energy storage, but more important, I think the new applications, finding new ways to use this. So I feel very good about this sort of leading this transition in a very responsible way retiring our coal plants, selling coal plants, providing that capacity to some extent in other new markets in -- with gas. Because quite frankly not all markets are capable with today's technology of efficiently providing capacity. Even with batteries, it would be too expensive with renewables. So we're leading that transition to a lower-carbon future. But at the same time, I think we're uniquely integrating, be it energy storage, innovative renewables. I mean I think 5B, that technology will play a greater role in the future as you get greater really penetration of solar in some areas. And so being able to do it in a smaller space is very valuable. Being able to do it faster is very valuable. We're really doing some very interesting things on robotics. We're doing some very interesting things in digital, digital controls. And so Uplight is one aspect of it. But so is for example, the purchase of AMS by Fluent. So that's a little bit how I see it. So while it's true that there is a premium today for pure renewable plays, we think there'll be a premium tomorrow for those companies that truly satisfy what customers need. So it's not only energy. It's energy plus capacity. And we will lead the way into providing capacity, energy and customer-facing solutions into the future. So it's a very interesting transition, even though it's a little bit complicated story.
Andrés Gluski: That's a great question. So we have a, say, arrangement with Google. We're exploring several fronts. As you know, we do have an RFP out for a gigawatt and PJM. We will, we believe, making announcements into the future in terms of how we will be working together, as I said, several fronts. But this is not something that will not exclude other clients, potential clients. So as we find ways to provide the capacity people need and the low carbon that people need, plus a digital overlay. That is certainly something that we believe will be attractive to a lot of clients. So Green Blend and Extend, for example was an interesting solution for a lot of the big mining companies that wanted to lower their carbon footprint and have cheaper energy. And again, that can transition over time to net 0 solution, but it's going to take some time to get there.
Andrés Gluski: No. I would say that -- I guess what I'm saying is that I expect to do more with corporate customers. What I'm saying is that depending on what the situation is. It may take longer or less long. It depends, on the market they're in, depends on the availability of renewables in that market, and it depends exactly what the customer wants. I mean what we're really working with is sort of co-creating with clients and co-creating what they want. And I think again we're also uniquely positioned to do that, not only because of the various technologies we're involved in, but also, quite frankly our modus operandi with the client. So, if you think of something like KIUC in the first sort of 24/7 renewables, load-following renewable solution in Hawaii, that was codeveloped with them. So the same way we like we're working with Google, we are working with other people. What we've done in Chile, we've also worked with the client. So I hope that answers your question. So no, I don't see this way off in the future. I see there's a certain relatively short term and growing over time as the clients become more clear exactly what they want, and some of the technologies get cheaper.
Andrés Gluski: Yes. Well, we have an RFP for 1.2 gigawatts of renewable, so stay tuned for the results of that. And in those numbers that I gave in this call of 1.2 gigawatts of retirement, there's some of the older coal plants in Indiana. So as a regulated, we have to get approval for this transition. But you're right, we have a whole lot of experience on that, and that's what we're going to do.
Andrés Gluski: Yes. No. Thanks for the question. No look, what we have in there in our pro forma are sales that we already have a signed contract with, or a plant that we've already programmed to retire. Now that does not exclude additional sales. Now we're not behind on any additional sales or additional shutdowns. And as we said, we expect more in the near term. So we're saying it's 29 already in the third quarter. We had said we would do it by the end of the year. So stay tuned. We think we'll be comfortably below the 30% threshold. And remember, that's megawatt hours. It's actual generation. So actually capacity, we're already at about 26% and will be -- continue to decline. So honestly we haven't missed any of our internal milestones.
Andrés Gluski: Yes. I mean we've been in discussions with ESG investors like Norges Bank. And it really was like, "Show me a path how you're going to get there in the near term." So really this is reflecting what they've asked us to do. We're going to overperform, I assure you of that. And we've been somewhat cautious in terms of our announcements. Because as Ahmed said, what we've shown this time is what we've actually gotten approvals to do. These aren't just, "Gee, I wish -- I'm going to shut this down." Well, can you really shut it down? And you need to have the approval of the regulator of the network operator. So that's where we're at. So honestly this is exactly what we discussed with people like Norges Bank, exactly what they asked us to do. And if anything, we're upfront about it. Now, it is pro forma because in some cases, you -- the retirement, they still need it for, say, another year in some cases. But stay tuned. We'll -- I assure you that we will...
Andrés Gluski: And I think the punchline is, Steve, just to be clear, we have not seen any delays in the transactions we are working on as far as the sell-downs are concerned on the coal side. So I think we still continue to see the interest. So I don't think there's you need to read anything between the lines.
Andrés Gluski: I would say that the difference will have to be in terms of the projects that we have, how fast for example we fill up the gas tanks at Panama and the DR. It will have to be a little bit in terms of demand growth at our utilities and probably execution of our renewable projects. I'd say those are the 3 drivers. As Gustavo said, we have cost cuts inherent. We have lower financing costs as well. So all those are pluses. So I'd say the ones that are outside of our control, to some extent a little bit would be the demand growth in the utilities, and a little bit the timing of filling up the tolling capacity in Central America and Carribbean.
Andrés Gluski: That's a great question. Look, our objective is to be an investment-grade company, continue to strengthen our balance sheet and the mix of our businesses. We move very strongly towards investment-grade, dollar long-term contracted business. And that's why we've been so resilient this year in an uncertain environment. I think we've proven that. And we've improved our credit rating in the midst of COVID. I think that says a lot for the strength of our business. We think the optimal mix, also given market conditions probably, is about half U.S. and half outside. And we think that's optimal. We have big corporate opportunities in the U.S. It's a strong market for us. We also think that we have good corporate demand internationally and somewhat unique to us. And we do get higher returns in general internationally. So we think a sort of 50-50 split would be ideal. It's not we can orient it in one direction or the other. Part of it will have to do where our clients demand and where we have competitive advantages. But we think we're developing really global competitive advantages. So it's not only international. We have them here in the U.S..
Gustavo Pimenta: No, it was -- this is Gustavo, Rich. No, it was an outage that we had in there in one of our facilities there. It's about $0.02 impact in the quarter, but the facility is back in operation already.
Gustavo Pimenta: Yes. I would just add, Julien, in addition to what Andrés just said, I think California, the extension of the legacy unit is another important driver, right? So -- And also the incremental cost cutting. Remember, we had talked about $100 million of cost-cutting through 2022, half of that through 2021. So those will be helpful, and eventually we'll be able to capture more post that period. And I think to your question on renewables, probably the best way to think about it is most of our free cash is going to renewables nowadays. So it's about $350 million to $400 million of investment in new renewables going forward. And you put low double-digit to mid-teen returns, and you see that this is going to be an important driver of earnings going forward.
Gustavo Pimenta: Yes, there is an RFP as we speak, so the team is finalizing. And it's one of the opportunities that we have to sign up for more renewable growth there and rate base. So stay tuned, we'll be talking about that shortly.
Gustavo Pimenta: I think the -- our expectation is that October 23, we'll file ESP for. It will probably take 12 to 18 months to get approval, and then we're going to get into a new ESP without the RSC. But the plan is we will build up the rate base in the meantime, so we can continue to post growth post that period.
Charles Fishman: Yes. Slide 53 has the AES DE, distributed energy, right, I believe? Yes. And you could see that, okay, you got solar 91 megawatts you signed year-to-date, storage 97. But then if I go back to 2Q, I see AEs Distributed Energy [indiscernible], both of those quite a bit higher.
Charles Fishman: Okay. So this is something -- they were projects that went in operation in the quarter that you moved off this line.
Charles Fishman: Okay, got it. Now another question previously asked on Indiana IPL, if I could maybe push a little harder on that. We've recently seen two other utilities in Indiana really go all in on solar. And yes quite frankly, AEs has more solar experience than both those other utilities combined plus some. Do you have the opportunity at IPL to retire from coal or old gas plants that we should expect some movement like that? It seems like the Indiana Commission is very receptive to that direction.
Ahmed Pasha: Yes. Charles, this is Ahmed. I think Charles, some of these projects that we show in the backlog, they are only either in construction or we have signed -- if the project is completed, then that goes back to operations. That's no longer part of our backlog.
Ahmed Pasha: Backlog, the way we define backlog is either is in construction. Or we have signed the PPA, but it's not yet in construction. But if it is completed, it gets out.
Ahmed Pasha: No. I think -- Steve, Ahmed here. Most of these plants I think we got approvals, like Hawaii they just passed the law. We've got the regulatory approval in Hawaii. Then also [indiscernible] as well; so I think these are all the developments that we just announced. So these are not some things that got improved...
Ahmed Pasha: Which one, Indiana? It's about 500 megawatts. I think this also got approval. We just made that filing, I think it's about a month ago or so. So Steve...
Ahmed Pasha: Thanks, everybody, for joining us on today's call. As always, the IR team will be available to answer any follow-up questions you may have. Next week, we look forward to seeing many of you at the EEI Conference. Thanks again, and have a great day.
