Andrés Gluski: Thanks, Tom. Before we take your questions, let me summarize today's call. We are delivering on all of our financial and strategic objectives. We have grown our backlog of projects to 5.7 gigawatts of which 1.9 gigawatts are long-term renewable contracts signed this year. We are successfully commercializing our excess LNG storage capacity. We are on-track to achieve investment grade metrics by 2019 and ratings by 2020. Our portfolio will be generating $4.2 billion in discretionary cash from 2018 through 2020 which we will redeploy consistent with our disciplined capital allocation framework. Finally, we remain confident in our ability to deliver on our 2018 guidance and our 8% to 10% average annual growth in adjusted EPS and parent free cash flow through 2020. Operator, we are ready to take questions.
Andrés Gluski: We feel very good about our longer term growth prospects. As you know, a number of our projects are coming online in 2020 -- between now and 2020. So for example, Southland [ph] being a notable case. We also have a lot of renewables projects that will be coming online. So we feel good about it, we feel that the green blend and extend, for example, in the case of AES Gener is extending those contracts. And so we see that we will continue to grow well and we will provide more guidance in the fourth quarter -- on our fourth quarter call we will provide a longer term guidance. But as we've been saying for some time, we expect a continued good growth past 2020.
Andrés Gluski: As I said, we will review the dividend with the board in December, and I think -- we have -- depending on the time period you take, we've been growing the dividend over the last, say five years, it's like 27%; almost more than 9% in the last four years. So we're saying that we will expect it to grow it, more in line with the industry average. In terms of finding the capital, as Tom mentioned, this new initiative would be upside. And one of the things that we've been able to do is really transform this company into a company much more based I'd say on renewables and leading technologies; and we've been able to do that in part by using third-party capital to grow. So we feel that in the space going forward economies of scale are very important, and we really want to be a low cost constructor/developer. And that we have $4.2 billion of discretionary cash available from 2018 to 2020 but this would be additional to that. I would also say that in terms of sort of our guidance for the next couple of years, we feel very good about that and we also feel that just to give you an example, it is resilient to -- for example, any likely outcome in Bulgaria but we feel good about our guidance and we have upside from finding more third-party capital like we've done, very successfully. We also have upside I would say regarding commercializing more of the LNG storage capacity, we feel very good that -- I had been saying for a lot of calls saying that we had this excess capacity, we've planned to commercialize it. Well, in the Dominican Republic we'd pretty much use that capacity. Now that doesn't mean we can't do more, I mean we could do everything from differently logistics to parking FSU, to even building a second tank if the demand continues to grow.
Andrés Gluski: On the year-to-date you're right that we're -- there are a lot of things going on with the Argentine peso; I mean there was some tax assets which caused -- we had to book a loss in the prior quarter on a regular ongoing basis because we have a big back-office operations there, we are slightly -- I would say, short the Argentine peso, so it's not a major issue going forward. Now having said that, the Argentine peso has appreciated of recent and the situation has stabilized, and -- when I talk to a lot of you, I said really the key leading indicator was to look at the agreement with the IMF. So it's in place, it's being executed well; so we see the regulatory developments there as positive in addition to that. So in terms of the upsides, I don't want to go any further than what I've said in the past that we have approximately an upside for -- AES Panama would be about $60 million on an ongoing basis, if we're able to utilize all of that storage capacity as we have in the case of the Dominican Republic. And as I said prior with Total [ph], we're already making progress on selling gas to third-parties and as any contracts are signed or made concrete we will let you know.
Andrés Gluski: Let me take the first part, then I'll pass it over to Tom to talk about the cash allocation. What we had announced was a program of around $2 billion. We've already completed $1.3 billion and we haven't -- the big chunk which was the sale of Eletropaulo and [indiscernible] in the Philippines we've received; there is some money coming in from the 24% sell down of sPower to Ullico. So that leaves about $700 million left to complete the program. That can be done in several ways, I mean that can be selling out to some countries or businesses or selling down. As you know, we don't talk about it until it's concrete because it -- we feel that that is most appropriate with our people. And as you know, we've -- in some of the countries like, say The Netherlands, we've exited our big asset there, we just have energy storage left in The Netherlands, so we continue to simplify our portfolio. So I'll pass it to Tom to talk about the potential pay down of additional debt.
Andrés Gluski: I would like to add that there is not only the numerical aspect but the qualitative aspect. And so now that we're over 80% contracted in dollars, as our contract length increase, as we complete the construction projects, as we go more into renewables -- and in addition, we've already significantly reduced our commodity exposure, we've reduced our weather exposure as well, for example, with the gas coming online in Panama that decreases our weather exposure by 50%. So if you look at it, it's not only quantitative but it's really qualitatively where we're at, and we feel that that's an important component in our discussions with the rating agencies and why we feel confident with some appropriate seasoning, we're on-track to become investment grade.
Andrés Gluski: I think it hasn't closed Steve, so we will not be talking more and more in detail about that at this point. What I could say is that like all our sell downs, it helped us increase our return, our invested capital which is part of the purpose of what we've been doing, we sell down and obviously to people who have a lower cost of capital than we do, and we provide the development and the economies of scale.
Andrés Gluski: I think we have just separated by market and by product type; so yes, I think that's -- from the U.S., that's an appropriate range that you're giving. We would expect to make more outside the U.S., we expect to make more where it's part of the green blend and extend product. So we're finding ways to increase our returns and we think they're very competitive, we're working very hard to reduce the costs on these projects, by scale and by synergies with existing assets. So green blend and extend, plus our local platforms, plus what we've already achieved in the U.S., plus continued use of third-party capital; so all these things we expect to continue to be in the range as we've given or we've achieved today.
Andrés Gluski: I mean, right now it's preliminary, we've signed an MOU, I mean it was part of the President Trump's visit to Vietnam, it was one of the marquee projects which were signed, it's a joint venture with Petro Vietnam; so right there we have a partner to start-off with. This is just the LNG storage and regasification, actually it would satisfy existing demand a lot of it, so unlike our prior projects it would be much more utilized and say just off the get-go because it's replacing offshore gas which they've used to-date and it's running out; so it's bringing LNG to substitute that. This would be a project that -- if it goes along, and again, it's preliminary, would come online probably something like 2023. And there are other power blocks associated with that, we don't have an MOU or anything signed or any associated power blocs with it but it's obvious that we've been successful in bringing gas to Central America, bringing gas to the Caribbean, it would be a natural add-on. And as you know, we have a bigger platform company in Vietnam already operating very successfully.
Andrés Gluski: You've touched on I'd think two items. I mean that certainly, Southland, it was a capacity constraint and we were able to dispatch profitably from that plant. I think that the case of the lightning strike was also very much unexpected and is a very odd circumstance, the way it happened. But those I'd say were the most two, I'd say in general our operational performance has been good this year. So other than some lumpiness in the tax rates, I don't expect any significant differences for next year; hopefully, no lightning strikes in this case but perhaps we had a little bit of the offset in the case of Southland. I don't know Tom, if you want to add anything.
Andrés Gluski: Chris, I'd also add in sort of the longer time horizon; we'll also be doing less than pay down once we reach investment grade. So more of the credit improvements will come from the growth in our cash flow rather than that pay down. We've done the heavy lifting, I mean if you look at that chart, you know have well over $1.2 billion that we've already done in terms of debt pay down this year; so we'll have more cash available for other things.
Andrés Gluski: What I would say is the following that -- certainly, we've been reducing our coal-fired generation as a proportion of our fleet, we're retiring about -- retired or sold over 3 gigawatts this year, I should probably go about this year. So certainly we're building over 2 gigawatts to 3 gigawatts going forwards of renewables a year, so that is going to switch. We're going to release our report next week, and we can be discussing that more with you. So the way this is coming is that -- it's really our renewables are growing, and we're selling or shutting down on economical coal; so this is a natural transition and we will achieve our goals basically really just following good business principles. I would say furthermore that we have to complete the coal plant in India, OPGC 2, and that will very likely be the very last coal plant that AES built. The company has done -- I think had a remarkable transition because if you go back say 10 years, that was really sort of our strongest core competency; so now it's renewables, new technologies and combining, quite frankly, existing thermal or hydro capacity with the renewables. I mean one of things I think people don't talk about enough is the need for capacity and not just energy, and so what we're doing is really by green blend and extend is a way of combining capacity with energy.
Andrés Gluski: I think it's a little bit hard, I mean -- I think the way I look at this is right now what's an addressable universe for us. So I think the 7 gigawatt of green blend and extend in the three markets we mentioned, that's -- to some extent sort of proprietary to us, that's existing contracts where we can add renewable energy and get a longer contract from that. I mean, in many of those cases as we can provide new renewable power cheaper than the variable cost of -- for example, burning coal on those units; but we still have the capacity contract for the coal, so we combine capacity with cheaper renewable energy. So that's -- that could be quite -- that could be larger as you have more renewable penetration in other markets. I would add that most of these aren't -- really aren't dependent on subsidies, it's just really the cost of new renewable power versus the variable cost of existing thermal power in some of these markets. Now regarding LNG, that's a fuel that's -- especially with the shale gas revolution in the U.S., you're going to have long-term low prices from the U.S., and you have sufficient liquefaction capacity. So, for example, if you look at the Dominican Republic, the costs for the country of importing U.S. LNG versus burning diesel and heavy fuel oil is saving the country about $500 million a year. It's also reducing carbon output by 4 million tons a year; so that could be replicated in the Dominican Republic. Now in the case of Vietnam, they are running out of gas, they need the gas; so this is very much a needed project and obviously, there is a great interest. So I think that as you see, we have a robust pipeline; one of things Tom will be pursuing is ways that we can leverage our own capital to do more of these projects and increase our return on our invested capital. So there is ample opportunities now. I would also say that we're not pursuing all for growth sake, if we don't see the returns we're not going to make the investments.
Andrés Gluski: That is not part of our plans. We don't see that as our core competency, there is a lot of liquefaction available. Furthermore, we do have the strategic relationship with Total, and Total can provide our final customers with structured projects -- products that we cannot; so it's been very successful thus far and we look forward to doing that more but there are no plans to go up the food chain.
Andrés Gluski: It's interesting. I think that train left the station a long time ago; I think we're going to stick with our process to have the businesses, the projects stand on their own, and AES will provide equity. I think that's the way the house is built and I don't see it being rebuilt.
Tom O'Flynn: As usual, I think we'd prefer to stay away from range within the range. I think we're very comfortable with the range. As I pointed out, remember the businesses are performing well. We've had a couple of headwinds, the most notable of which is the DR that we've recovered well in that, and that's only $0.03. I did point out the unusually low tax rate in Q4 of last year, so on a year-over-year basis that will normalize but I think it's better just to leave it there, we're very comfortable with our range.
Tom O'Flynn: In terms of the net income that goes away, I think it's a modest amount and it was still looking forward with our trajectory obviously for '18 and another 8% to 10% still 2020. In terms of my new role, it's -- over the last few years we've certainly have worked on partnerships, as Andrés said of over $3 billion; that is the type of investor and the type of transaction that we'd like to do on a more systematic basis. Provided doing it one-by-one we'd like to think about doing it with a variety of investors and with capital that could be available with good foresight let's say.
Tom O'Flynn: I think it's systematically quite consistent. As Andres said, I think it's really the next step for the company and also, obviously another step, another challenge for me. But we've done a large number of partnerships, some were strategic but a number of them have been with large financials. And we want to capitalize on that and as I said do it in a more systematic basis and also have capital more available as opposed to say just in time or one by one. But we'd look to tap into a variety of investors, many of who manage billions -- hundreds of billion dollars of investments, would have a competitive cost of capital, and are very interested in long-term contracted assets which is obviously what we're about -- I'd say this is not any of our numbers for AES, this would all be upside to AES. I think as Ali asked, the Ullico transaction is quite indicative, thematically they would look to do it on a larger scale and with a variety of investors. I would say we're not focused -- at least I will not be focused on public market alternatives. But it's really -- the things I've done in terms of working in the industry, in terms of working with partners, and also more recently for the last year too have been very focused on our green growth. I think I'm excited about it; I'd say -- and I think we've gotten some questions, this is not about me slowing down, I think -- some of you know I tried that about seven or eight years ago and it was -- my wife told me that was a failed experiment. And even then I had a little league baseball team to coach that was successful but now the only baseball team I could coach would be a fraternity softball team that would be kind of awkward. For me it's a new challenge, it could be quite interesting and it could be quite beneficial for AES.
Tom O'Flynn: So the $450 million on Slide 26 maybe about 40% of that would be without asset sales, i.e. just to continue to get our metrics down from 4.3 to under 4 and hit our investment grade target objectives. The other 60% be related to asset sales; that amount varies depending upon how cash rich the earnings are or the equity is from the asset sales but we'll call it $250 million, $300 million would be there as a placeholder for asset sales. As you know, we don't really comment on asset sale candidates until it's fully cooked and we're at the point of -- at or very close to announcement.
Tom O'Flynn: We've obviously been discussing this with the agencies for the last two or three years. Our parent cash flow numbers are very consistent, when we have meetings -- when we talk about what we said we're going to do, what we've done it's very straightforward story. I think the agencies have on-time in general, maybe they can always be a little quicker but in general, they have appreciated our credit moves and our forward-looking commitment that comes from -- obviously, the finance team from Andres and from the Board. So our target here is to hit the numbers next year and we think there may be some seasoning, obviously if we can season faster, we'll make that case and try to see whether we can get the actual upgrades sooner. But I think from a planning standpoint, we think it's reasonable to hit numbers next year and have a little bit of seasoning and get the letters in 2020.
Tom O'Flynn: It will probably be in the next year to be honest. How we're doing, obviously, we're trying to ramp things up, we also need to be mindful just -- in which forms we talk about things but it will probably be in the -- let's say Q2 of next year.
Tom O'Flynn: No, I think that's fair. I think once again, relative to some prior years, we're explaining some things with hydrology and other things. I think the businesses are performing very much on target.
Tom O'Flynn: I think I'll let you be the judge of industry average which you can look at people who are generally from the utility industry is what we think is a reasonable group. So it will be less than nine but still a good number and still a good return when you combine dividend growth with earnings growth. In general, we have used about half of our parent free cash flow for the dividend, we don't have a defined payout ratio but in general, our wallet -- the affordability of the dividend is determined by long-term sustainable parent free cash flow, and that's been generally around the 50% range, that's -- I think that's a more meaningful number than earnings growth.
Tom O'Flynn: Generally I think -- we think dividend growth is a meaningful part of our value proposition as I said. But certainly as we look at over a backlog, the 2 gigs of renewable sign is here, we think 2.5 and 3 over the next couple of years is very reasonable given our run rate. So we think that is generally about $300 million to $400 million of AES equity when you back out leverage, U.S. and tax equity, some partnerships, generally but $300 million to $400 million. So we think, yes, as our parent free cash flow grows up to the end of this 2020 horizon we're at 800 or over, we think we have the ability with some modest dividend growth and to invest in our businesses.
