Andrés Gluski: You’re right, it’s $0.03 to $0.04 and it’s really a timing impact. We think that the effect should be probably about neutral, be very minimal. Of course it will ultimately depend exactly on the transaction that we invest, but you know I wouldn’t expect it to be strongly you know certainly dilutive.
Andrés Gluski: I think Tom answered that in terms of – you know basically we are not going to discuss it, but it’s within the range that’s public.
Andrés Gluski: I mean we are making very good progress on OPGC 2. We had talked about that versus the original expectations, we’re about six months behind, we haven’t lost any more time and basically the project is up and running and we’ve done the related infrastructure projects, whether it be the rail or the new housing. So that project is coming along very nicely.
Andrés Gluski: One thing I’d like to add about that also is the qualitative aspect. As we have more dollar-denominated long contracted cash flows, that is qualitative aspect, I think it’s very important. So that’s part of that evolution as well.
Andrés Gluski: Yes, you’re right. I mean, we’re thinking of 50-50 with our partner with AIMCo. I would say that in terms of you know how to finance them is a continuation of the mixes which you have now and obviously you’ll have some phasing down of the ITC, we still see that there will be appetite from financials for tax equity into these protects. One thing I’d like to stress about the acquisition of sPower is really the effect it will have on our whole portfolio and obviously we can do solar project all over our platform and we have some very attractive opportunity, especially where we can integrate them with our existing conventional plans. We think that is a very interesting product offering that sort of load following energy that can be supplied and taking into account the sort of intermittency of renewables we can offer a better product. So really with the pipeline that should be delivering between 500 and 1 gigawatt of new projects per year, this really is a – we’ll be bale to leverage this across our portfolio whether it be purchasing. And also we think that this team has been extremely successful with a very disciplined development projects, it really has a proven track record. So when we think about sPower, we think about the JV with AIMCo, which will continue to grow on a 50-50 basis. But in addition, there will be synergies, which will be beneficial to other AES projects, but also to the JV, because the more we buy and the – had those economies of scale, the JV will benefit from this as well.
Andrés Gluski: Well there is over 200 megawatts which already has PPI contracts. There is another over 200 which has, are under PPI negotiations. There are about 2 gigawatts which are platform expansions and those again have lower risk because you already have operating assets in those areas. And then the rest are various degrees of development. I would say that a lot of this rest upon sPower’s reputation and with clients which range not only from utilities, but corporate as well. So we see this is a very robust pipeline in general, and we will see how this develops over the following years, but it is more or less sort of commissioning 500 megawatts at first and it should ramp up to 1 gigawatt. Now I would say also that this is not, this is something we tried, when we acquired main stream power, which is more distributed energy smaller, but it is interesting. The main stream has done about – I believe a little bit less than 60, 70 megawatts in its entire history. Last year under AES, they did 88 megawatts, and this year it could be as high as 200 megawatts. So I think this shows how bringing in sort of AES’ financial capabilities, also our market knowledge can empower this. So, we see this as you know we tried on a much smaller scale and now we are going to a large scale.
Andrés Gluski: Yeah, I mean, obviously, Keith, time is running out, but we continue to have an open dialogue and open door and expect something will be figured out, sir, that’s – we are certainly open to that.
Andrés Gluski: Well, again, you know, these are ongoing businesses; we never talk about them before its close. But what I would say is that look at what we’ve said as our strategy, in terms of de-risking the portfolio of reducing our carbon intensity. Those are the types of assets we have sold and we will continue to sell. Obviously, with the number of $500 million, we have something specific in mind, which is advanced for us to feel confident in terms of getting this guidance, so that’s as far as I can go, but I would say that – as we’ve always said, we will continue to sort of churn our assets and invest them in better -adjusted returns.
Andrés Gluski: Okay. Taking the first one, I mean, that was basically we had a legal case, which we had – let’s say the possibility of getting it funded and we did took a reserve against that, we don’t want to get into more detail about that. Certainly, a close case, there shouldn’t be anything more going forward.
Andrés Gluski: Regarding the wind in Brazil, this is Renova’s asset, these are contract – 18-year contract in reals indexed to CPI. I think we are buying them at a very attractive price. We will remain the people that in the past when Brazil was really booming, we never bought anything that – at those prices we didn’t think it was attractive, now we see this is being at attractive prices. I also think that it’s very important to get Tietê to be growing again and we are utilizing 100% of local financing for this project. So it’s an attractive acquisition and it really is a milestone for Tietê.
Andrés Gluski: Well, I think this is really anchored in the projects that we know. Southland is in these projects. The energy storage of Southland is there as well. We have the completion of OPGC 2 and the completion of Alto Maipo in 2019. Now besides that we do have some modest – we have the growth of sPower, that I’ve talked about 500 megawatts ramping up to 1 gigawatt towards the end of that period. We also have some growth in terms of distributed energy as well around 200 megawatts a year. Other than that it’s basically redeploying that cash, there will be other acquisitions that could be smaller ones add-ons, and there could be some additional energy storage project, again, modest energy storage project and – besides that growth. So, that’s what embedded in those numbers.
Andrés Gluski: I think it’s reasonably conservative. I do think if some markets really pop like energy storage and third party sales or something it could be superior to that. We have other things that we are looking at from diesel to other applications, but I think it’s reasonably conservative is the right approach to it. I wouldn’t say it’s a most conservative case.
Andrés Gluski: That’s a great question. What we see is we will continue our strategy, simplifying the portfolio. And I always said that we don’t need to be in 20 countries to really have the advantages of diversification. We do see having a strong footprint in the U.S. because it gives us stable cash flows, it’s also the most technologically advanced market in all regards, whether it would be energy storage, whether it would be – on the commercial sense and then we really see ourself being the bridge from that to faster growing markets. And with the big emphasis in Latin America and a big emphasis to the extent we can get dollar-denominated contracts. So that’s where we see AES of the future. Now we do see conventional energy as being an important part of this. We really see that as a great advantage to the extent you can integrate renewables into your product and service offerings to final clients. So there is a greening of the portfolio in large part because we are just seeing energy prices from renewables come down so much, also it’s because you can get long-term contracts for renewables. And finally because that’s a part of the market that’s growing, I mean almost 60% of new adds in the worlds are renewables. So in virtually all of our markets that’s a segment, that’s why we want to be there. On the other hand we see the advantages of AES as being able to integrate that into existing platforms. So platform expansions continues to be an important part of our strategy and it’s one of things we like very much about sPower, they have a platform expansion strategy.
Andrés Gluski: No, and I would say the following reason, I mean, Brazil has its own market, it has its own relations, it has its own regulatory structure, so we think they will have to continued to be managed in that way. Tietê is also a publicly listed company. Now we are very happy to start Tietê growing again, because I think that will have a good impact on local investors and the multiple we get for Tietê. Remember, our SBUs are basically organized around markets, so what we would like is that the teams there face similar clients, similar regulators, similar financial institutions.
Andrés Gluski: Well, we’ve always said that Argentina had significant upside potential and we are seeing that this year or actually started seeing it last year. I mean, Argentina, we sold it out of the distribution businesses, which were, I would say, difficult.
Andrés Gluski: But we are left with a very solid, excellent technically generation business, which has made money pretty much every year. We had three years where weren’t able to pay dollar dividends, but Argentina is part of Andes SBUs, this is – synergies and some interconnections with the Chilean market.
Andrés Gluski: But we are seeing a tremendous progress in Argentina, tremendous progress in our business and I think it’s very much in line with what we were telling everyone before is that Argentina had significant upside potential and some of that upside potential is being realized. I think there is even more potential going forward.
Andrés Gluski: Well, I think, if we did anything in Argentina, I would be using local leverage capacity, like we are doing in Brazil, like we are doing in the Dominican Republic.
Andrés Gluski: And in the past when we talked about proportional free cash flow and how we were paying down sub-debt and creating opportunities, I think, between DPP and Tietê are two excellent examples of how we can lever the local business, 100% levered and come up with attractive, in both cases very carbon friendly projects with long-term contracts.
Andrés Gluski: No, we really aren’t. We are in negotiations now and we think we will reach the settlement, but we can’t give any more color. Sorry.
Thomas O’Flynn: We had previously said that we thought growth in 2016 to 2018 would be 12% to 18 – 12% to 15% EPS, so we still think that 2018 will be at the low-end of that 12 and 12 range. We obviously want to go our path then to give investors a longer profile.
Thomas O’Flynn: Yes, we assume forward curves as always. And in terms of DPL, it’s in the range – we’re in discussions, so I’d rather not be too specific, but it’s in the ballpark of what we’ve been discussing.
Thomas O’Flynn: Well, some of it’s for defined projects like [indiscernible] so we got a pretty good visibility on that, but we’re really looking across our portfolio based on – as we look at our portfolio, we look at risk and returns consistent with the country, the project etcetera. So it’ll be a range of things from 14%, down to things in the low double-digit consistent with Andrés’s comment on the sPower sales pipeline.
Thomas O’Flynn: Hey Julien, it’s Tom. It’s only a few cents a year, as Andrés said, it’s lumpy, so – but generally it’s a few cents a year. If you look at over longer period, the ROEs would line up with the IRRs. The ROEs in the early years are little better, because the nature of the accounting comes with the tax equity investments, obviously it’s bigger if we – if it’s more size – size of…
Thomas O’Flynn: Well, that’s the rates we’ve always talked about, it’s sort of in the low 30s. Obviously there is talk about tax reform in the U.S. and we’ll of course incorporate any changes there. I mean it’s a very positive thing such as territorial tax, lower rates. On the other hand there is talk about limiting interest deductibility, and so we’ll see how that washes out. So I mean basically we’re looking at – we do not believe most of the proposals in the reasonable range will have a material impact on us.
Thomas O’Flynn: Hey Stephen, so our ratio is now five, we think we need to get down the four range, obviously it’s dependent upon business mix, but we’ve gone from 6.5 to five and we think something in the four range would be would represent investment grade metrics. So, that will come with some parent debt reduction and also continuing growth in our parent free cash flow.
Thomas O’Flynn: Angie, remember the 10% was through 2018. So we are doubling the period, going to 2020 and saying 8% to 10%, so it – I think it is still consistent with our general trajectory. We did use the base line as a mid-point of 2016 guidance. Remember that we got about 300 million from interest, so, in 2016 so you are not going to yet normalize for that.
Thomas O’Flynn: Put it this way. We have the cost overruns are expected to be in the range of 10% to 20%. We have financing that we are closing on for up to 22%. So, we would cover even the sort of worst estimate in terms of cost overruns.
Thomas O’Flynn: That’s correct. The 110% of the worst case of the cost overruns, it would be like 220% of the expected case.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it, so it’s shooting above that level in the earlier, so is there kind of a – what’s embedded in 2017 guidance for instance, or as you think about 2018 with the sPower deal…
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Okay got it. And then moving – what’s the impact of deconsolidating Eletropaulo in EPS, just – I just want to make sure.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. And then what do you think about a normalization of the effective tax rate, 31% to 33%, how do you think about that in 2018 and onwards, just as you – more structurally.
