Andres Gluski: Thanks, Tom. To summarize, we continue to make steady progress on our objectives specifically we are pulling all levers to achieve our financial objectives despite the headwinds from poor hydrology in Brazil, lower foreign exchange and commodity prices. As I noted, overall hydrology in Latin America is improving as a result of the El Niño phenomena. We have achieved a number of milestones towards resolving Maritza’s outstanding receivables after signing an MOU with NEK in April. We expect to collect outstanding receivables in the second half of the year. We have completed the 1.2 gigawatt Mong Duong project in Vietnam six months ahead of schedule and we are making good progress on the remaining 5.8 gigawatts under construction. We are bringing in financial partners to leverage our platform and maximize overall returns by forming a joint venture with Grupo BAL, a strong partner with significant presence in Mexico. And in 2015, we are investing than a $1 billion in returning cash to our shareholders and debt pay downs, in addition to the $350 million we are investing in profitable growth projects. In conclusion, in line with the plans we laid out on previous calls, we continue to leverage our platforms and allocate our discretionary cash to maximize risk adjusted returns for our shareholders. Now, I’d like to open up the call for questions.
Andres Gluski: I would say that one of the key drivers we have as I mentioned on cash is Maritza and we had said that we would get this in the second half of the year. So we’ve really achieved the important milestones. We are quite impressed with the commitment of the Bulgarian government to fix the electricity sector and parliament approving some – important reforms. So I think that’s the key component, so we are on track there. I would say hydrology in July was quite frankly a little bit ahead of what we expected. And FX is more or less in line with what we expect. I think if anything, the demand in Brazil is softer – perhaps a little bit softer than we had expected even though we had those numbers in. So overall, we are kind of on track. I think the main points are that we have some seasonality and some of it in terms of collections, we tend to collect more in the Dominican Republic, we have Bulgaria, those are two discrete factors in the second half. And then we had a number of planned maintenance in the first half which won’t happen in the second half. So that’s sort of overall, it’s not too far from our expectations I would say on a case-by-case basis.
Andres Gluski: Greg, as we’ve said in the past, our Board has been very supportive of our share buybacks and we’ve always been able to go back and get a share repurchase authorization when we felt we needed it. So I think that there is – our sector has that have been hit in the last month by negativism and certainly that’s been reflected in the stock price and certainly that affects our capital allocation decisions as we are comparing the value of buying back shares with our new projects.
Andres Gluski: Sure. I think a lot of our countries have cyclical patterns. Right now Brazil in on the – certainly not at the peak of one of these patterns. I will remind people I think of two, three years ago. Lot of questions I would get on these calls is why wasn’t I investing more in Brazil and that we were slow. What we did at the time and continue to do today is we only invest when we see long term value. And we really see the value not quite frankly get caught in the trends. I think, you know Brazil is having a recession this year. It will probably have a flat 2017 and is expected, 2016, sorry and expected to pick up in 2017. Brazil is a big market, it is a country which has great potential and I think that us as a company of the Americas we should have a presence in Brazil.  Now of course all of our assets we look at, what we consider their long term value. What we could sell them for and how they contribute to a balanced portfolio. So, overall what I would say is that I agree that the economic situations look challenging in Brazil, but realize this is a country with tremendous potential that could come back and we can’t come in and out on a short-term basis.  And the final thing is look we have been very prudent about again investments in Brazil, we still have $500 million of debt capacity at Tiete. So, growth in Brazil will come from leveraging the Brazilian businesses. So, I hope that answers your question, but I think that the point is that they are cyclical patterns; Brazil has a lot of capacity to rebound and as always when times were very good in Brazil we were always looking at what is the value and I would remind people that we sold a lot of Brazil at the peak. We sold our telecom business there for billion dollars. We also sold 50% of our holdings in Eletropaulo back in 2005. So, we will continue to make those adjustments as we see fit.
Andres Gluski: Well, yes, what you are missing from the equation is what Tom mentioned that we will be selling about $200 million to $300 million in our existing asset platform. So, if you include that the equation does close and realize that as our new plants come online they will be generating more cash as well.
Andres Gluski: Yes, we do. It really gets back to utilizing our platforms. So, I did mention the example, for example of de-sal. If you – basically we are upgrading our plants to use reverse osmosis technology and once you have the permit for intake of salt water and discharge of saline and you can basically put these in a modular fashion. These are very attractive opportunities. We are also seeing it in other places where we can add-on energy storage and the new projects we are engaged in. So, what I can tell you is that we are seeing above 15% returns on equity from our projects on average. So, yes, we are seeing a lot of attractive opportunities. Of course we are being very selective with our stock at these prices.
Andres Gluski: Okay. Let me take the first one. This year, GSF will be between 17% and 19% and it’s a considerable cost to the generators. I believe the total is somewhere above BRL 20 billion that people are paying. There has been discussions between the government, the Ministry of Energy and mines and the association such as [indiscernible] as well as you have a [indiscernible] and there has been talk about capping the GSF. The exact amount is being negotiated. Let’s just give a hypothetical so it’s capped 10%. The generators will be compensated for that difference between 7% or 8% additional to the cap for example this year by an extension of their contract so you’d receive a regulatory asset, especially of their concession, you’d receive a regulatory asset equivalent to that amount. So, there is nothing set as of yet. There’s certainly interest from the government interest from the regulators and we’ll keep you informed. In terms of the probability, I think on the previous call I was quite let’s say prudent about this thing, we will see, I think the chances of something like this happening have improved. Regarding the injunction, Tom.
Andres Gluski: Sure, Grupo BAL is one of the most reputable business groups in Mexico and it has a long tradition having been established around 1901 I believe. They’ve been our off-taker at the TEP plant in – for the last 10 years and we’ve been very pleased with us. They have another small joint venture with EDP for some wind projects and we have our existing plants of TEG, TEP and [indiscernible] which will be outside this joint venture. However, going forward, it’s exclusive on both side that we’ll exclusively look at new deals. There’s no sort of target that we will invest X amount, it’s really that we will look at these projects together, we both bring strengths, we bring the global size, our successful E&C experience, our ability to manage these plants and they bring the local component and knowledge of the sector. So, Mexico is opening up the energy sector, there are I think going to be a considerable number of bids for power plants not only of CFE, but also of private sector clients and also with our strategy of using our platforms for adjacencies such as desalinization or energy storage or for example LNG services, we can add those on. So, this is a - going forward it will be exclusive 50-50, we both have to agree to make an investment. If one partner does not agree with the investment the other one can make it on its own. So, this is I think very favorable for both sides. It gives us a lot of flexibility and it’s really aiming to leverage off our strengths and the good thing is that we know each other, we’ve been working together for more than a decade.
Andres Gluski: Okay. I would say in terms of growth and as we said we’re looking at a decline in growth and this - the numbers we gave are weighted average for Sul and Eletropaulo. The decline in demand is stronger in Sul than it has been in Eletropaulo. I think we’re looking at pretty much flat demand for next year and then growing moderately after that. I mean the long-term growth in Brazil is what you normally expect is about 3% to 4% has been the historical average over the last 10 years. The second is how Brazilian affecting Eletropaulo. As you know in 2005 we sold down 50% of our holdings both us and B&DS of Eletropaulo and we basically took that money and de-levered the company. Then in 2011, we spun off the telecom Achimos [ph] and sold that. So, right now, between the two of us, we have about 32% that is Braziliana has it, we have 16%, roughly a little bit more than 16%. I don't really think that the Braziliana structure has been affecting Eletropaulo directly. I think that the distributors have been I think more fairly treated over the past six months than they had before and that's why you’ve seen a recovery in the place. I mean Eletropaulo’s stock should be up I believe about 70% in dollars this year and in fact the sector it’s been the best performing within the sector by a considerable margin. I think part of that is perhaps it was dropped also more strongly because some of the let's say decisions against us, but we got a good decision on a regulatory asset base, the WAC has been raised over 8%. So these are all favorable things. Now unquestionably other than the regulated part, which as I said the market is recognizing, it’s making certain investments to continue to improve quality of service and it will depend on the recovery of the Brazilian economy. I believe that the Brazilian government is doing the right things at this time and taking some very brave decisions, including cutting spending, raising interest rates and that these will have good long-term effects, but certainly they’re very tough in the short-run, but I really commend their bravery. So, I don’t know if that answers your question. I mean what we see in Eletropaulo is a tough 2016, I’m sorry a tough 2015, a more moderate 2016 and a recovery more in 2017, 2018.
Andres Gluski: Let me answer the first part and then Tom can answer the second part how we’re looking. We see - the probability rationing this year is very low. And there are two drivers; one, the government has done a very good job of basically running thermals and saving water, and the rains did come in considerably stronger. Quite frankly as of mid July, the reservoir levels were at 41% which is very high. You should be quite frankly declining at this time of the year. So the likelihood of rationing this year not to say it’s impossible, it’s very remote and if rains continue as expected, it’s not very likely in 2016 again assuming the government continues this policy. In addition to that, you’ve had a decline in demand. So you put those two together, again it’s a much stronger position vis-à-vis having rationing this year and next than it was before and this year is substantially less. In terms of the regulatory asset, I mean that’s a considerable number but I will leave it to Tom in terms of how much we would actually book.
Andres Gluski: I think that the positives, we have the Cochrane coming on. This is a 552 megawatt construction project in Chile and that’s proceeding very well, and we also have rate based growth at IPL. We completed the 2,400 megawatts of upgrades and then of course you mentioned Mong Duong, but we have a full year. And the other thing is of course capital allocation and it will also depend on hydrology. If we have continued good hydrology and specifically for example in the case of Chivor, Chivor typically has a very – it’s a very good base that is in. So it tends to have less volatile hydrology than the rest of Columbia. So when you have right now, El Nino, it’s getting – the rest of Columbia is dry and actually Chivor is at average. And so then actually you get better prices for the energy you sell that you haven’t had contracted. And finally, we expect some normalization of the currencies as well. So all sorts of things that can cause this now. I agree 2016, if we look out the next three years, 2016 is on top this year because 2017 and 2018 we have a lot more projects coming online. The other thing is we realize that on some of these adjacencies such as energy storage or desal, these can be operational in a very short period of time. And desally will depend quite frankly, we have to build a pipeline to a client but some of those cases we don’t. So those are additional things that could help.
Andres Gluski: Yes, absolutely. I think that the clean power plant let’s say increase because it’s basically what they had laid out before, but accelerates it – increases the market for energy storage and California has really led the way requiring 1,325 megawatts of utilities to have by 2020. So this I think accelerates the adoption of energy storage.
Andres Gluski: We are not under construction yet in California. That will be in 2019 when we start, but we have 100 megawatts with Southern California.
Andres Gluski: At this point, we really have all the approvals necessary, so now it’s a question of the Bulgarian public sector raising the funds for the payment. So there is no sort of pending important approval at this stage as basically they have to do the market operations to get the funds and to pay us.
Andres Gluski: Basically we will look for real value before we leverage up today as we have in the past. When you mentioned asset sales, perhaps I think you’re talking about Petrobras and hydro who may be selling some assets. We certainly look at them. What I want to say is that, we will never grow for growth sake and these really have to makes sense, and they have to make sense which should they in terms of a portfolio, there have to be things which would decrease its hydro risk. So it will depend on their contract position and other thing, so there is nothing really short term on this. We are looking at the possibility of doing something like [indiscernible] for example in Brazil as we did in Panama. But I think the main point is [indiscernible] not AES.
Tom O’Flynn: I just see the – I haven’t got all the details here, but there was initially compensation to one or small group of generators that was actually detrimental to the rest of the generators and we did participate with the larger generator community and saying that any – any decisions, any compensation should be consistent across the sector. That was some time ago and I believe the discussions are now focused on sector reform as Andre said it goes into compensation that really gets into concession renewal, or mind you our concession is well after [indiscernible] it is 2028. In the GSF of 17 and 19 that’s the number that we’ve had now for a number of months. There is some possibility we’ve seen thermal dispatch come down recently from about 19, I think 15.5 gigawatts which may indicate there could be some greater thermal generation i.e. a little bit of improvement on the GSF, but it’s still far too soon to tell that just news over the last couple of weeks.
Tom O’Flynn: I think that’s a great question. I’d say of course if you take a longer-term view in terms of the past coming to the present you know pricing has deteriorated in Argentina, no question about that. On the other hand, I think we have fared very well from a regulatory position because as you know until last year we are exporting energy from Argentina to Chile, through our TermoAndes plant. We also have the only coal plant in the country. So, we have been selling energy under, in TermoAndes under the [indiscernible] which in the past was more favorable than it is today, but I’d say in general you know we have always been making positive earnings in Argentina. So, even though they’re less to say than they were four, five years ago, they continue to be positive. We have been receiving 96% payment on our accounts receivable, some of these are Fannie Mae bank bonds, these bonds are dollarized, they pay interest and for example like Guillermo brown plant where we have a considerable number of these bonds are basically being used to fund that plant. We’re going to receive that plant, our proportion of it, very soon, it’s being commissioned. So, I think overall in Argentina despite the challenging economic circumstances we’ve done well that the one thing is we haven’t been able to pay dividends out of Argentina for the last two years. Now, looking forward what do we see? I think the elections in October, the two leading candidates either one would be favorable. I think you’ll have a gradual return to market-based pricing and a listing of the exchange controls. So, we have a tremendous asset base in Argentina. Of course, we’re not putting any new money in at this stage, but I think we’ve handled it well and I firmly believe that within a year or two we’ll be paying dividends out of Argentina. It is basically considerably developed country and quite wealthy. So, it’s again, I think it’s probably on the rebound at this stage.
Tom O’Flynn: We’re always conservative. So we never embed big upside. So, what I can say is we do expect sort of a continuation of what we’ve been doing there, which I think is managing the situation quite favorably.
Tom O’Flynn: Yes, Steven, certainly as we look for growth, we do look to drive as much as we can out of the businesses as possible, I think there are big growth drivers, certainly Hahn Air has been a big driver. They’ve brought in partners, they’ve done project finance and the only equity that's been done in the last few years is a 150 million totally at the Hahn Air level. We did our 70% contribution. So that’s a great example of a multi-billion dollar construction program and instruction in the Hahn Air balance sheet, and Hahn Air cash flow growth as much as possible. I think Andres has mentioned a couple other examples, Dominican Republic, we have some unused debt capacity that’s currently being used to fund a facility upgrade and we look around the business to do that as much as we can. IPO has been growing quite a bit also that really grows in more of a classic utilities down that we maintain a capital structure 55, debt 45, equity 30, more came to the normal utility, but we do that and we’ll continue to look for leveraged capacity at the business, look to see whether a partner for a project or a business can come into help increase the value of the business and or bring in more effectively priced capital and then lastly if you will we’ll look at up to the parent. And the $300 million to $400 million is just a general range. I think that’s the number we’ve been at the last couple of years, you go back I think three years it was more in the mid-twos, so it’s just a general indication.
Tom O’Flynn: What I would say is that at this stage we are reaffirming the guidance ranges. I think there are - that’s not only earnings, but cash flow. Certainly, on cash flow depending on where we’d be in the range, the payment at Maritza is obviously a big mover because you talk about the range of a billion, 1.4 billion, 1.350 billion and 280 million will make a difference. On the other hand, right now I would say that we remain within that guidance range. Certainly, we don't see in the five months that are left something that would likely move us outside of those ranges to the upside.
Tom O’Flynn: Yes, Greg. I think you’re ahead of us. If there is something that allowed for Tietê concession which is now ends in 2029, allows it to get extended, going to valued the economic value, does it turn into a regulatory asset that we would record, we are still early on to understand the detail. Certainly we’ll look at that from a GAAP standpoint, but I think it’s early to think – too hard about that.
Tom O’Flynn: No, we’ll factor that in. [indiscernible] are factored in but we would expect as Bernerd said an improving Ephod [ph] overtime.
Tom O’Flynn: That’s probably little positive. I think the overall PE of our sales about 13, we do split that between debt pay down and share buybacks. So net-net, it’s probably about maybe a breakeven – positive of breakeven.
Tom O’Flynn: Yeah. We looked at debt-to-EBITDA but right it’s quite unlevered and its dividends are restricted by earnings. So it’s not possible to do a recap and bring money upstairs. So if you want to use the leverage capacity it will be for growth within Tietê. And as Andrew said, the growth would be within Tietê funds rather than AES.
Tom O’Flynn: We will use about $400 million to $500 million U.S. dollar capacity, that’s back into that – yeah, there will be capacity so you could obviously gross that up to the extension buying an asset that comes with cash flow, you could use a larger number. And that’s exactly goes upon the coverage ratio.
