Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Thanks, Tom. In summary, although we're facing some short-term headwinds, we're taking concrete steps to lower our portfolio risks and increase per-share value. Since we set out our strategy in September 2011, we're on target to reduce our global overhead by $200 million by next year, and we are focusing on additional O&M cost reductions. We raised $2 billion in asset sale proceeds. We paid down 20% of our parent debt; invested $758 million in our shares, reducing our share count by 8%; and we are selectively investing in platform expansion opportunities that yield attractive risk-adjusted returns. Through these actions, we've laid a solid foundation and remain committed to investing our excess cash flow to grow our earnings and free cash flow per share, resulting in proportional free cash flow growth of 10% to 15% per year and a total return to shareholders of 8% to 10% by 2017. Now, I'd like to open up the call for questions.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: That's a very good question, Ali. When we're looking at the investments that we're making, as I've said in the past, we compete that -- those against share buybacks. So obviously, when you look at the returns that we're projecting, 16% cash returns and a 15% ROE, we think that those are superior to what we're getting back from buybacks. So we're taking a balanced approach. We're saying that -- we said last time that we would buy back shares. We're doing that. Do realize that the cash that we received from these asset sales was also quite recent. We only received it, say, in the last month. But I think we're doing exactly what we said that we would do that we would buy back shares. But we'd also complete the new projects. And so obviously, if we're doing these new projects it's because we feel that those are the projects that maximize our shareholder value over time.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: You're right, Ali, one of the factors and one of the reasons we proceeded to go out and get a market read on these assets were that some of our partners were out there selling. And obviously, that will have an impact on these assets. It depends on who buys them, how they will be running these operations. So we will continue to closely monitor that process and see what ways we can continue to increase value there. I mean, as you know, we have a program to get more out of these plants from a performance point of view. Maybe Andy would like to just comment on some of the things we're doing there.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: To sort of close the topic, also some of our other firms in Ohio are looking at, for example, PPAs and other things. so we're monitoring those things. And we took a decision based that we thought there was more upside at that price than selling it. It would have been a -- I think it shows our discipline in terms of executing on our strategy. I think all of our asset sales, we've executed quite well and really tried to get value from those assets. Even though sometimes we could have done things faster, I think we would have left some money on the table.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: I'm going to pass this question off to Tom. But I think that the basic assumptions -- what I can say in terms of the longer forecast -- I mean this is based on the projects that we have under construction today. A big factor is Mong Duong coming online next year, which will produce a lot of cash. We also have Alto Maipo. We have these 4,500 megawatts, which we're constructing. And in terms of the hydro in Brazil, we do assume a return to normal, but we are looking at higher contract prices.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: I think Julien, getting back to sort of our decision, this year it would have been accretive to sell DPL, as Tom pointed out in our last earnings call and mentioned today again. We think given current forward curves that it will be neutral to slightly accretive to have kept it going forward. Now in terms of -- we are always evaluating all of our businesses and updating it. But what I would say is that, as Tom mentioned in his speech, we're thinking about things very much in the portfolio and in terms of looking what's our aggregated risk at the corporate level. And so here, we're saying that basically, given the various factors that are happening in Ohio and the forward curves, we think there's potential upside from having kept Ohio. Of course, we have to always revalue our decisions over time.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: What I would say, Julien, is that again, we've said that we would buy shares at these prices, and we are doing so. And I don't think that at this stage, we have a number of interesting projects. And we also have the opportunity to pay down debt, which we've announced. I think we've -- Tom stated that we wanted to be a solid BB, and we're keeping our credit metrics within that range. So we'll maintain that balanced capital allocation, say, philosophy going forward.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Okay. I'd say let's take first the Dominican Republic. This is in our forecast in terms of -- so we expect this to come online mid-2016. So this is in our forecast. This is an attractive project. We have a very good portfolio there in the Dominican Republic. I would say that in terms of Mexico, we have a great brand name there. We have a very good brand name because of the turnaround that we did on 2 pet coke plants. They're [indiscernible] and Tietê. And our offtakers were Grupo Penoles and CEMEX . And so we have a good brand name. People want us to build more plants there and would like to be our offtaker. We have some potential projects. We have to see if those pan out. But I think that the -- it's an attractive market for us. We've done well there. I think it's a market very correlated, let's say, with U.S. risk, in terms of the economy itself. So we're well positioned. We're looking at the opportunities. And let's see if some of these projects are concrete, and we can announce them.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: What's interesting in the case of Brazil -- I mean what is driving it? You had medida provisória, MP 579, which let's say, reduced some of the concession life. Some of the company did not renew their concessions on some of the generation assets. And there was somewhat of a slowdown in new construction. Because of that, there's also been a delay on some of the mega hydros on the tributaries of the Amazon. So put that all together, I think that's partly what's driving the higher prices. There's also been the drought in Brazil. But really, when you’re talking '16 onwards, I think it's -- the bigger effect is MP 579. Our strategy was when we had the sort of, cliff falling off in our contract. We actually took a conservative approach and didn't contact everything right away. Had we done so, we would have re-contracted at the then going price of 95 to 100. We thought that it was likely the market would get tighter, of course, based on our conditions. So -- and that has come true. So I think that in terms of our contracting strategy going forward, we're going to continue to take advantage, let's say, of these higher prices and contract more. But it's a little bit sort of a rolling average. So as you go out over time, we're less contracted. It's also you can't get that many long-term contracts in Brazil. It's going to be these sort of 2 to 3-year contracts.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: I don't think so. I really don't think so because I think that everybody expects the droughts to reverse and enter more into a normal cycle of El Niño and La Niña-type phenomena.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: I'm going to ask Tom to take this question. But basically, the essence is that in both cases, we have higher energy prices that first, we have to pay for the energy and then we bill clients.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: I would say at this point, it's -- we're not in the cards. I mean we've taken a decision. We expect to improve the performance of those assets. And we think that there are several factors, several different avenues to significant increase in volume in the future of those generation assets. So of course, we don't know exactly how the future, but we think there are several paths where this could have significant upside.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Well, I -- again, I can't get into the minds of the potential buyers. What I would say is that the run-up in forward curves in the better outlook for the RPM capacity also helped us in terms of what we consider our whole value would be.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Well, the big difference is that going forwards, we're really looking at geographic markets. So we're building solar where we have an existing business. So when I mentioned we have 220 megawatts of permitted solar in Chile, we already have a substation there. We already have all of the infrastructure. So it's far less expensive to operate. It's far less expensive to do the development. So that's really the big change in strategy. What we're looking at is the total cost of doing the project and taking advantage of our platforms. So what we did was exit a number of countries. We had relatively small number of megawatts operating them. And what we're doing is we will build solar in the future because we do many types of energy. We will do the energy -- type of energy that is most attractive and makes the most sense for that market, but that also compliments our portfolio. So that's the big difference. We're going to where we have assets, where we can do the development and operations much cheaper than going into markets where we don't have a presence.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Okay, talking about -- I think the situation in Argentina is particular to Argentina. I really don't see that spreading. That was a selective default. I'm sure you followed the court cases in New York. And we have 3,000 megawatts of terrific assets in Argentina. They're cash positive and have very little debt on them. They have about $180 million debt for 3,000 megawatts. So [indiscernible], we'll continue to monitor the situation, but we've had really no effect whatsoever to date. If you look at the case of Puerto Rico, it's a case where you do have the commonwealth, as you know, has been downgraded twice. And the reason I mentioned it in my script, we think we have a very strong operation there because we're selling energy at $0.095 per kilowatt hour to PREPA that would cost it $0.20 for itself to self-generate because these are inefficient oil-fired plants. So we have a good contract. It's in our interest. So we're just highlighting that because we wanted to make sure that we covered all of the things that were potential risks. So I don't see those particular situations spreading. Puerto Rico is very unique. Argentina's guys [ph] is very unique. Chile is a very strong economy. Mexico is doing well, Colombia, these are our main other businesses there. Of course, we've already discussed Brazil. So I don't see any contagion. Now moving to Eastern Europe, we talked about Bulgaria. Bulgaria, is somewhat of a unique case, because it actually has a relatively small foreign debt. And so had -- was not that affected by, for example, contamination from Greece. We have been reducing our position in Eastern Europe. We sold Ukraine, you may remember, about 10 months ago. And we're very happy with that decision. How could Bulgaria be affected? Well, Bulgaria does get its gas from Russia, which comes through the Ukraine. So if there were any cut-off of gas from Russia to the Ukraine, it would affect Bulgaria. And that would make our plant even more valuable because it operates on local lignite. And the other thing I would mention about our plant, it's the only EU 16 environmentally compliant thermal plant in the country. So that this is also an important factor to take into account. Now what we've had basically is a transition from the 2 parties and a lack of a firm government. And in that you had a little -- the regulator came out with some rather unexpected statements, which we are trying to manage. So the issue really has been the liquidity situation of the offtaker NEK.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: What I think is important is that -- what I'm saying today is that we had basically met our target for 2014 and 2015 this year. We're saying that we think there could be another additional $500 million. But that would not necessarily be exiting. That could be bringing on partners. Because what we're really focused on now is optimizing our portfolio, optimizing our position in different businesses. So by bringing in partners, this permits us flexibility to try to achieve that optimal portfolio.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: I think what you said is fair. One thing I'd say is that our contract in Maritza is not the low cost in the country. Because we had a really state-of-the-art waste disposal facility, which is part of that contract. But you're right in a sense that, really the issue is the liquidity of the offtaker [ph] NEK. NEK sales of energy, it generates us well. Sells energy to the distribution company and also exports energy. Now Bulgaria actually has one of the lowest -- actually has lowest retail tariffs in the EU. So the fact is if the EU rules are enforced, that would retire about 1,000 megawatts in country and make this -- our thermal plant more attractive. And it's also a big employer because again, it uses local lignite. So you're right. I mean the essential problem there really is keeping track of the receivables at NEK and the regulator trying to find various ways to continually to lower retail tariffs. But this has not been [indiscernible] an issue with the government, per se. It's been an issue with the regulator, which is independent of the government.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Yes. But we're thinking about putting in it is -- it's basically our energy storage, which are lithium ion batteries in containers. And what we really have is proprietary algorithms to help with the ancillary services. So we tested it out, we're the world leader in this. And that's exactly right.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: It would be exactly the same technology. It works really well in islands where you have sort of isolated grids because you have more instability, especially as you put on more renewables. So we operate on a lot of islands, Hawaii, Northern Ireland, Puerto Rico, and the Philippines, there's a lot of islands. So this is something I spoke to with the President of the Philippines and also his Minister of Energy and Minister of Finance that they're very interested in putting more renewables in, and we could also help that, make it more feasible by putting in the same technology on various of the islands in the Philippines.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Yes, you're right. The performance has been very good. And it gives us a showcase here in the States. I mean we are also operating larger units in Chile, so those were some of the first units that came out. So I think that the when you have situations like the polar vortex in Ohio, et cetera, it's very good to have a facility like Tietê, so I think it's been a great time to showcase its abilities.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: What we have said is that we look favorably on this because we do think that if you had a replay of the polar vortex post-'16 and you retired as many plants as would be slated for retirement, coal plants, you would have a problem in PGM and in Ohio. So we look favorably on something like that, that would help secure the stability of the network. Because again, that's the last -- how do I say, the worst time possible to be short power. And you don't have adequate transmission capacity. So we look favorably upon it, and certainly, we will be following that very closely. And it could apply to DPL's generation as well.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: I'd say it's too early to say. Let's see what happens with their process. What we're interested in is really optimizing the performance of those plants.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Yes. Sorry, Julien. So the 5-year forecast, we look at it on an annual basis. That's when we talked in our year end call, we laid out. And that was based upon market assumptions at that time. So those were PJM forwards at that time and also Brazil numbers that were around, more like 115 at that time. So as we sit here today, DPL's probably up a couple of cents. And as Andres went through Tietê, we'll probably be up a penny or 2 based upon the forward curves as we see them today. I think that said, we're reluctant to update 5-year guidance on a piece-by-piece basis. But just in isolation, those 2 things would be tailwinds for us. We would plan to give a wholesome 5 year update at the same time next year, which is in Feb when we announce our year end earnings.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Yes, so it's really 2 things. There's tariff adjustments. Both Eletropaulo and Sul have had major tariff adjustments that would capture some of the shorter-term costs, such as purchase power, which is the largest one. And then also there's been a government funding mechanism by the regulator that provides, I think, about $1.2 billion to collectively EP and Sul that allows some direct payment of those higher cost power payments. For us, the big swing factor is Sul. Eletropaulo, we only own 16% of it. It's a more modest amount. But of the $400 million swing that I talked about, of all the utilities, which is down 100 -- or $500 million swing, I'm sorry, down $100 million to plus $400 million from first half to second half, a, about 70% of that is coming out of the U.S. And for us, the lion's share of the Brazilian portion is coming from Sul.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Kit, it's Tom. I'd just add that obviously, we've done a lot of asset sales around the world, many billions of dollars that have brought $2 billion of cash back to AES. So we've shown an ability to transact. I guess that said, at any -- for all those transactions, when we looked at where the numbers were finally coming down to, we made a judgment ourselves and the board as to whether the assets were worth more to us or more to somebody else. So at least in this case, through a whole lot of factors, it was a tough decision. It was a -- certainly had a lot of discussion. We looked at it hard. We did get real bids from real players, so it certainly was transactable. But it was -- we just thought it worth more to keep than to take the money now.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Yes. I think consistent with our prior practice, we'd rather not talk about or speculate on things we might do. Keep in mind that some of these businesses are -- obviously have a lot of relationships with people, stake holders, regulators, et cetera, so we'd rather think through something and then announce it rather than creep it out. Andres talked about a $500 million that would be cash back to parent that may be selling entire stakes or selling minority stakes out on the Philippines.
