Andrés Gluski: Thanks, Tom. In summary, we’re taking a lot of actions at AES to deliver on our strategy and commitments to shareholders. Our sector is undergoing significant change, and we’re undertaking a further transformation of our business to take advantage of new opportunities. Specifically, we’re accelerating and increasing our asset sales program to achieve $1 billion in proceeds by end 2018 and a total of $2 billion by 2020. We’re on track to achieve our target $400 million in annual cost savings and revenue enhancements, and we’re aggressively pursuing additional savings that we will announce on our fourth quarter call. We’re advancing on our 5 gigawatts of construction projects and are aiming to resolve the issues at Alto Maipo in the first quarter of 2018. We are pleased with our acquisition of sPower and see many attractive renewable opportunities across our portfolio. We expect Fluence to close this year, and our goal is to maintain our global leadership in a market that is projected to grow tenfold over the next five years. These actions will result in a simpler portfolio, earning higher risk-adjusted returns and a stronger balance sheet with improved credit metrics. Our overriding objective is to generate 8% to 10% average annual growth in earnings and free cash flow. When combined with our dividend, we expect to deliver a total shareholder return of at least 12% annually. Now we’ll be happy to take your questions.
Andrés Gluski: Yes, Ali, well, when we started, we were in 28 countries. When we exit the Philippines, we’ll be in 15. We’ve always said that somewhere between 12 to 15 countries is kind of our probably we thought that where we would end up. So I think it’s looking more like a dozen. And of course, we never announce anything before the sale is actually done. So some of it will be exiting some countries, and some of it will be selling down from certain assets. And in some cases, may be selling down a portion of the assets. For example, as we did recently in the Dominican Republic, to realize value. I think the important thing is that where we want to end up and what does that portfolio look like. And as we said, it will be simpler. It will be in less countries. It will be less carbon-intensive. And we will be, if you will, sort of turning capital into growth areas where we get higher returns and then sitting on some existing assets.
Andrés Gluski: Well, I will say – well, I think the lessons – I mean, we moved to get out of merchant generation, I think, on a timely basis. I think we’ve exited a number of markets that since I’ve been troubled on a timely basis, and I think we’ve generally sold our assets at very good prices. So we didn’t do really any sort of fire sales. We waited in some cases until the contracts ran out. Now if you look at our strategy, we’re moving into much more contract, and we’re lengthening our average contract versus what we have even today. So I think we have a quite different strategy from most. I think we’re changing our risk profile. We’ve significantly derisked. I’m sure you’ll notice that on this call, we did not talk about the weather in Brazil. That used to be the main focus of these calls, quite frankly. And we have been able to derisk from the way we’ve contracted. I think, as Tom mentioned, when we deconsolidate Eletropaulo, it will make a better correlation between really our economic, our financial profile and our consolidated profile. And lastly, we’re moving aggressively to become investment-grade. So I think on all these fronts, I think our strategy has been considerably different from other firms, which have remained less contracted and also, quite frankly, which aren’t moving into the newer technologies. So I think we have the advantage of being in more rapidly growth markets and being well-positioned. Having said that, ever since I’ve been CEO and Tom’s been CFO, I mean, we have looked at all alternatives, and we periodically have third parties come in and look and say is there any way we can sustainably add value to the company? So we’re always open to these any ideas, but we’re only going to do things which makes sense for the company in terms of a sustainable company. So we’re open to all alternatives. I’ve seen the – some of these. And obviously, in the sector, there’s been a lot of consolidation to take out costs, but we’ve taken a lot of costs. And we’re also, as we’ve said on this call, going to be aggressively looking at our cost structure. This is partly the result, I’d say, of the actions we’ve taken, the systems we’ve put in place and also the simplification of our portfolio.
Andrés Gluski: Yes. That’s a great question. When you remember, when YieldCo’s first started, it was a lot of, I’d say, questions we were getting from various people like, why don’t you do a YieldCo? And one of our concerns was not to have a – to be sort of committed to growth in case markets turned. And I think, in general, that has been the, right now, the right decision. Now if you look at what we’re doing today, we did mention, for example, that on sPower, we are looking at selling down a portion of the operating assets to enhance our returns and be able to move that money into new projects, the 10-gigawatt-plus pipeline where we think we can improve our average return. So in that sense, we, I think, have shown that we can access private money. We’ve raised about $3.8 billion over the last six years of partner equity, including – from the large Canadian pension funds. So in that sense, I think that our view is that we are very interested in coming up with ownership structures, which are win-wins, where we provide for people looking for long-term, stable, investment-grade assets. And at the same time, it allows us to reduce our participation and improve our returns be it through management fees or promote – or development fees. So that is part of the market. Now I think where we’re somewhat different is that we see the advantage of having a platform in these countries. So for example, having a strong partner in Mexico opens a lot of opportunities for us in renewables. Having a strong position in various markets opens that up. So we want to use our scale and in cases, integrate the new renewables with our existing assets because, obviously, energy prices from renewables, in many cases, are lower. But if you can integrate that with the capacity from existing assets, you can have some very interesting propositions for your customers. In the longer term, we think batteries can supply that in many markets. But right now, we see that opportunity. So to answer your question, we have approached the problem from a sort of customer-centric position. We’re taking advantage of our platforms, and we’re bringing in capital and selling down when we see the opportunity that, that would improve our returns.
Andrés Gluski: Well, I think, again, if you think of something like sPower, we have a partnership with them. sPower, as we’ve said in the past regarding acquisitions, we would look opportunistically at that. If we think that there are acquisitions where we have significant synergies, it’s 2 plus 2 equals 6, add to that portfolio. On the other hand, we’re not looking right now at sort of big acquisitions, et cetera. We’re sort of looking at asset acquisitions that could enhance that portfolio. And as I said, if there are interested parties in taking a portion of that from the sPower JV, that’s fine as well.
Andrés Gluski: I think this is a – the negotiations in Alto Maipo are proceeding. The Alto Maipo team and Gener team are doing a great job. I would say that Gener will remain an investment-grade company, that any equity contributions from Gener to the Alto Maipo project would maintain that investment grade, will be very – looking at the sort of marginal returns of that investment. And we don't expect it to significantly affect any dividend distributions from Gener into the future. So those are the things. Now we've also said that should we decide not to proceed with the project, that would also, in terms of the cash distributions from Gener, those would continue, although they might take a different form in terms of like return of capital. So we're looking at both. We will be very disciplined. On the other hand, we think that there is a win-win solution here, which would be good for all parties, including, obviously, Chile and Chile electric system from completing the project.
Andrés Gluski: I mean, you know that when we first announced that we'd be doing asset sales, I believe we used a number of around $1 billion. I think we're at $4 billion now. We announced Cal's, as we've said, $100 million. We're at $200-million-plus now. So generally, we just want to be, as Tom was saying, have a real clear line of sight. Now obviously, we have a number of opportunities that would make sense from a strategic plan that I outlined that we think can easily get us to that $2 billion number by 2020.
Andrés Gluski: Yes. And what I'd say is we are – our overriding objective is to meet that 8% to 10% growth rate we've committed. So there will be puts and takes, like Tom said, but it won't affect us reaching our objectives.
Andrés Gluski: No, not specifically. We just – it's something we're evaluating, and we'll talk more about it on our year-end call in Feb.
Andrés Gluski: What I'd say as a summary, the additional cost cuts that we're working on and will announce in the fourth quarter will give us additional comfort of hitting that range. So this is – it's additional to what the cost cuts we've announced in the past. On the other hand, we're not changing that guidance range. It will give us additional comfort. Because as we – as Tom said, there's puts and takes, so we want to make sure that we hit our numbers.
Andrés Gluski: Well, we have done a considerable amount of buyback over the years, and we do have an outstanding approval. So we're not saying that we're – won't do buybacks. We're just not announcing any specific buybacks at this point in time. So obviously, we are not happy at all with where our stock is trading, and we always consider that. But I think that at this point, we're undergoing a transition program, and I think it will be very important that we deliver on our numbers. But certainly, we're not saying that we won't do stock buybacks.
Andrés Gluski: Point taken, Greg. As I said, we've – today, we're returning through the dividend about 55% of our parent free cash flow. So I think we remain committed to giving money back to our shareholders, and we have done, I believe it's about $1.5 billion of stock buybacks, at least over the past five years. So I certainly don't want to say that this is off the table, and point taken.
Andrés Gluski: Sure. I’d say, first to say that Argentina has really made a comeback. I think, starting from the top level as the – politically, as you know, they had a recently elections for Congress, and Macri’s party got 40% of the vote, much more than people had expected. So the reforms are going forward in Argentina. In our sector, they’ve made very important reforms: one is dollarizing; second is increasing moderately, prices – retail prices but also generation. And they will move towards a liberated market. People forget, but in the 1990s, Argentina had one of the best regulations on the planet in terms of liberated markets. So Argentina is doing much, much better. Our business is doing much, much better. We had two years where we did not receive dividends from Argentina, even though the business has always made money. So it’s obviously, we perceive much more dividends and making much more money. Getting to your point about this was the FONINVEMEM, one of the more difficult acronyms we have to pronounce. They have been paying the interest on the FONINVEMEM. These are actualized. Part of the bonds are tied to the completion of actual generation assets. In this case, it was the Guillermo Brown as being the largest one. So that plant is up and running. So that whole – and what I would put it was basically part that the CAMMESA would take part of your payments and essentially give you these bonds and use the funds to build a new asset. But they have paid interest. The plants have been completed, so that – that’s going well.
Tom O’Flynn: Yes. Good morning, Ali. It’s Tom. I mean, yes, if you cut through the dis from the percentage increase, it’s part of our $0.05. I mean, first I’d say that we’re still in the final stages of our budget process, and we’ll come up with firm numbers in Feb. We just want to give people a general ballpark. There’s nothing major. I’d say, there’s – perhaps, there’s a couple of cents in the U.S. DPLs may be a little softer from the regulatory outcome and some plant closure numbers. And the rest is kind of a $0.01 here and a $0.01 there. But we’re still grinding through it.
Tom O’Flynn: I mean, I think that’s certainly – we certainly always look for things to do more of. Andrés talked about really doing a very heavy look at costs across the company that we’re in the process of. So we certainly look for that. But that said, I think we want to give people a general expectation of where things were trending to. And so we’d probably be closer to $0.05 below. So it’s still a fair amount above 2017.
Tom O’Flynn: Yes. And just to be clear, earlier on in the year, we put a placeholder in for $500 million. There were different things that we were considering. It’s not clear that we can do $1 billion, that Masinloc will be – can do $1 billion and close that $1 billion by the end of 2018 and that the Masinloc process is quite deep in the process. We got very heavy interest. So yes, specifically with Masinloc, we expect to announce Q4 in the next, what, six weeks, and we expect to close it in the first half of 2018. But that $500 million was done before we had thought about a specific candidate. We think that Masinloc will be well in excess of that.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. All right. Excellent. I’ll leave that there. Can I move a little bit further down to the Gener level? Just curious, in light of the developments on the Alto Maipo side, how are you viewing cash distributions back to the parent right now? Obviously, things are somewhat fluid there vis-à-vis finalizing up the EPC, et cetera. I suppose plan – you’re moving ahead with plan, and you don’t necessarily anticipate any limitations in terms of distributions given any credit concerns that, that’s up.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. And is there anything, just lastly, coming back to what Ali was talking about, reason why you're not including the full $2 billion in your pie chart there around use of cash? I imagine maybe it's just too early to anticipate what exactly and what form it takes or you tell me how specific you are in your asset sales at this point.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. And you guys didn't raise your cost target for the long term here, right? Obviously, there's some shifts, but.
Tom O'Flynn: Yes, Julien, it's Tom. I'd say that traditionally, we put things up here when they're either announced or close to being announced. So I think we feel very comfortable that we've got a good line of sight on $1 billion. Execution is underway. Good comfort with being able to sign near-term close, certainly next year, if not in the first half of the year. So as we continue to think through more businesses, assets, et cetera, that make a win to that, then we would expand that piece accordingly.
Tom O'Flynn: Yes. I think it's a mixture. Certainly, some could be accretive, some that could be dilutive. I think if you look at the overall group, there is some modest dilution. I think we factored that into our overall growth rate. I think some of the incremental cost efficiencies we plan to put in place may give us the offsets to be able to transition the portfolio and also meet our numbers.
Tom O'Flynn: Yes. No. Greg, my comment on puts and takes is more on EPS impact from certain sales. Some are accretive, some are dilutive.
Tom O'Flynn: So we'd expect the – it's Tom. Just to clarify, we'd expect the sale to close before the construction is complete. And it's – the construction is going very well. It's pretty clean. It's got an EPC, so it's not a material issue.
Tom O'Flynn: Yes. What I’d say is, look, we have about 228 megawatts of energy storage facilities on our platform. Those are not being sold. Those remain with AES because they’re our assets. Fluence is a joint venture to develop and to sell our Advancion 4 product, and Advancion 5 that will be coming out, and Siemens’ Siestorage product. So we both contributed a product to this. With the net result is that we’re the only, let’s say – Fluence is the only firm which can offer the full gamut from commercial and industrial small units to the largest utility scale, 100-plus megawatt energy storage. So we’ve combined those two. So we’re moving R&D together. Fluence will be doing that. We will be taking advantage of Siemens’ platform, and we’ll be taking advantage of Siemens’ sales force. Siemens is active in 160 countries. It’s been selling electric equipment for more than 100 years, so it has a great brand name. So we think bringing these together is very, very powerful. And we really don’t see anybody else like it in the market, at least today. So the point is this will be a separate company, a JV. It’s 50-50. Siemens and us. We’re both contributing people to that project. It will use Siemens’ sales force. When we put energy storage on, say, our solar projects, that sPower, we’re a client. So it’s separating the two. So we expect this to grow very quickly. As we say – have said in the past, we don’t expect any cash or earnings contributions for, say, two more years during this rapid growth phase and thereafter. But we think it should be a very valuable company within a time period of five years. We’ve done things like this before, just to remind people, in the case of Brazil, we had rights of way. We developed a broadband supplier. This is a company we sold for $1 billion to Telecom Italia a couple of years ago  So we think this could grow very rapidly. But again, it’s separate from us. We will continue to do energy storage. For example, on Southland, we have a contract with Southern California Edison for 100-megawatt facility. That will be ours under potentially a contract with Southern California Edison. That’s not part of Fluence. It will buy the equipment from Fluence.
Tom O'Flynn: Yes. No, Andrés said, I’d just add that our California plant, the one that’s under construction in Southland, has got very good flexibility. That’s what the SoCal Ed was focused on. So it’s got quick ramp capacity and low MINs, and it’s also in a very critical location in the transmission infrastructure. Just, what is it, 30 miles south of L.A. So those are all things that I think we’re taking into account in our proposal and SoCal Ed’s request for bid now two years, two and a half years ago. Just in terms of the overall DOE proposal, given that we’re essentially getting out or will be out of the merchant generation business mid-next year, we don’t see it as a major impact. I suppose we’re closing a couple of coal plants down to the extent that another party looks and says that’s an opportunity for them to step in, we’re certainly open to those kinds of ideas.
