Andres Gluski: Thank you, Steve. In summary, our core business continues to perform well. We have attained investment-grade ratings from all 3 major agencies. We are reaffirming our 2022 guidance and annualized growth through 2025. We continue to deliver on our commitments, including our 2022 construction projects, which we expect to commission on time even with the ongoing Department of Commerce investigation into solar panel imports. We are energized by the immense opportunity for growth in our business and remain committed to maintaining our competitive advantage. With that, I would like to open up the call for questions.
Andres Gluski: Let me start with a little background on the commerce case. So this case is an investigation by commerce into allegations of 1 U.S. manufacturer that panels and sells imported from 4 countries in Southeast Asia are circumventing existing antidumping and countervailing duties on solar panels and cells coming from China. So we think there are strong legal grounds for commerce to make a preliminary determination before August that will signal to the market that the allegations are unfounded and will be conclusively dismissed without new tariffs. One of the legal requirements for determining that circumvention occurred is that the activity in Southeast Asian countries must be considered minor or insignificant. However, the solar panel and cell suppliers operating in these countries have invested billions of dollars in technologically sophisticated manufacturing, assembly and processing facilities so that their activities do not appear to be minor or insignificant. Additionally, the critical step of creating solar cells occurs in these countries and not in China and involves the conversion of the wafer into a cell. Commerce itself as previously ruled that this step determines the country of origin for solar imports. For these reasons, we think that there are strong grounds for commerce to make an expedited determination. It's also important to note that there's broad industry opposition to this investigation, including from many U.S. manufacturers because they rely on solar cells from Southeast Asia in order to manufacture solar modules here in the U.S. Currently, the U.S. manufacturing industry can only need about 20% of U.S. demand and their capacity to increase supply is negatively impacted by this investigation. This further supports the decision by commerce to dismiss the circumvention plane underground that a finding of circumvention would not be appropriate due to harmful impacts. So we'll continue to advocate a rapid resolution of this case. Now getting specifically to your question, I think what we were able to do this year shows to our supply chain management strategy. And many of you will recall that for 3 years, I've been arguing that this huge wave of renewable demand was coming and that there were going to be shortages of everything, from developers, to land, to interconnections. And now, we've had, I'd say, an additional issue with this commerce -- before commerce for solar pounds. So we've been not ahead of this. Now what will determine what will happen in '23 to us. And again, I think we're in the best shape of anybody in the industry, will be if there's an early resolution or if there is a determination they take the worst case. There's comes out and they say that there is a convention and there's going to be a tariff of X. Okay. Well, then people can put cash deposits at that point. Now I think this would have a very deleterious effect for the whole solar industry in the U.S. I think we would be in better shape because we're primarily selling to corporates who have more flexibility than people say utilities with RFPs who are much more regulated. So given that, I'd say, look, right now, we don't know. I mean worst case, and we continue to negotiate with our clients, with advances. We're not signing them yet because we're waiting for this final determination. But this is not going to stop us. And in terms of the construction, it depends how the case comes and the sort of shipping backlogs and the rest. It could potentially affect the second half of '23 but we'll have to see. So we're doing everything possible to minimize this. And I think the proof of the pudding is in the eating. I think we're one of the few solar U.S. developers who did not have to postpone or cancel any projects this year.
Andres Gluski: Well, that's a great point. If you think of our backlog of 10.3 gigawatts, only about 1/3 is U.S. solar. So the rest is either international or wind or other technology. So again, I think that what will happen, well, it -- we are at a diverse portfolio. And so we will try to make it up elsewhere. But again, we think that they're very strong ground to this miss case, honestly, it doesn't make a lot of legal sense, honestly. A prior similar case was dismissed because they didn't have let's say, nobody was standing up in front of it. Now you have 1 small U.S. manufacturer. And I think the grounds of this being insignificant or not material, the value-add added in Southeast Asian countries is almost laughable quite frankly. So it is just rent seeking, I think, from a few small U.S. players. What is dramatic is it's had such an effect on the industry. Now again, fortunately, we've been very concerned about shortages for 3 years. And you'll also recall that even with COVID that first appeared in February of 2020, we talked about a potential effects on supply chain. So again, stay tuned. I don't think there's anybody in better shape than us. And as you point out, we are diverse in terms of technologies and also in terms of geographies.
Andres Gluski: I would say, too, we’re on the right side of history on this one. I mean, because where we have fuel, it’s mostly a pass-through. And we’re mostly competing with fossil fuels with either hydro, with renewables. So – and I would say the biggest winner of what’s happened is really Bulgaria because in Bulgaria, we’ve just signed an MOU with the government of Bulgaria where they recognize the validity of the PPA. And they also – we’re working together on decarbonizing the Maritza project, whether it be – we’re looking at different alternatives, whether it carbon capture and sequestration, biofuels or conversion to gas and at the same time, stepping up investments in energy. Again, I really can’t think of any case where this is impacting us negatively.
Andres Gluski: Yes. No, I'm not aware of any, quite frankly. I think that I don't think it would be demand destruction. It would be a delay in some cases of commissioning them. But no, we would obviously have -- our contracts would not hold us to having to supply energy if there is a major disruption in the solar panel market. But again, we think that's the -- not the most likely scenario, but if it were to occur, we wouldn't be suffering LDs because of not fulfilling contracts.
Andres Gluski: Yes. First, most of these are reflected in 2021 projects. But what I would say is we're seeing a tremendous demand for our structured project. And we have been talking about this year, we weren't able to release some of the names prior to that until the client was ready. But we can do more projects. I think the real issue is to have the projects in the right market ready. So it's -- stay tuned. More is coming. But I think what we like very much is it shows like a repeat buying. So with microcells, for example, we've done projects in PJM. We did a project in Chile, and now we big clients. So if you think of the large data center clients, we have big contracts with 3 of them. And we're very big. The demand is there. It's a question of how fast we can bring the projects online.
Andres Gluski: Yes. I think an important point -- a good part of this pipeline is in California, and it's quite ready. And that we started acquiring land and interconnection rights about 3 years ago. We really got a little bit ahead of this wave that we see now. So the demand is there. It's a question of bringing all the projects online. Now realize that these are versions of 24/7 or round the clock renewables. So it's not only a question of having the availability to build new megawatts, it's all guaranteed netted on an hourly basis, renewable energy.
Andres Gluski: Yes, right. You can characterize this, right. We are in discussions, and there are more contracts with clients and that I'd say a factor is having some clarity in August, what it would be because you have to make cash deposits and have greater flexibility and speed than, say, regulated clients. So let's see what happens. But again, I think it's just going to be more cars, this would slow us down. And it would basically make renewables in the U.S. more expensive. So if you want onshore manufacturing, what do you need? You need cheap and clean energy. It's a vital factor. And again, we are in the best shape, I think, of anybody in the sector. So its effects will be much greater outside of AES.
Andres Gluski: And I would add look, we're all in favor of onshoring. But what you need is certainty and you need a time line. So you need to know what tariffs will be applied in what way. And -- but you also have to say how far down the supply chain they're going to go. And the further down the supply chain, you're going to go, the more time you need to move the supply chain. And so for example, right now, most of -- most of the solar panels we're buying from Southeast Asia. Actually, the polysilicon is going to be coming from Germany. So it's not even coming from China. So this is basically rent-seeking by a small number of -- or actually 1 firm in this case. And in significant firm I may add. I don't think it's delivering 1% of the supply in the U.S. So it really is quite agree to the whole situation.
Andres Gluski: What I would add is that the company is well capitalized and see strong demand. And what you're seeing is increase in battery supply outside of China. So you just saw the announcement by the U.S. government that they would have incentives for battery manufacturer in the U.S. Point has an agreement with North Volt for production of batteries in Poland. So I think what you're going to see is the main constraint, which has been access to batteries will start to be addressed. Now it's not going to be immediate, but by next year, you start seeing more capacity come online.
Andres Gluski: The PPAs. Okay. Look, in the first quarter, we did 1.1 gigawatts. So we are on target for our 4.5 to 5.5 gigawatts for the year. As I mentioned, due to this Commerce case, some of the signing of PPAs in solar in the U.S. will be more heavily weighted towards the second half of the year because people will wait until this resolution and come to a conclusion. Do I think that this will knock us off our growth trajectory? No? The answer is no. And because -- if anything, it might move things around from 1 quarter to the next. But we're seeing very strong demand for our products. And this will -- the RE100, for example, they're not going to render their sustainability goals. So they're going to go forward with this. So I think that -- I feel confident of it. Kind of cause some delays in signing of PPAs. Yes, we're saying that. But I think that we'll have a catch-up. So it might make things a little bit lumpier than they would be otherwise, which is not ideal. But that's the hand we've been built.
Andres Gluski: Yes. And talking about Bulgaria, what I would say is, look, -- in the past, the PPA had been questioned before the sort of anticompetitive -- say, legal state really was the case before the European Commission. So what we're seeing is that -- to some extent, we're getting past that. This is a confirmation of the PPA. So it's a very attractive asset. Maritza is a very attractive asset through the end of its contract period and beyond, it's actually doing what -- the reason it was built was to make Bulgaria independent of Russian gas. That's why it was built and it uses local coal. So it's not affected by international prices. So it's very much in the money for our clients. So the asset is much more valuable today than it was, say, 6 months ago. And we've also agreed to help the Bulgarian government look at energy storage and other alternatives to wean, say, Maritza away from just running on coal. So stay tuned to that. But I'd say this has been the big winner from this horrible situation in Europe.
Andres Gluski: Yes. Look, what I would say is the following. Look, we are continuing to negotiate with our clients. This has pushed off the final signing of a number of additional PPAs because there's uncertainty about the tariff. So that's sort of the remaining item to complete these PPAs. Now its effect will depend on -- will August provide enough clarity and it should. You should have an indication of how much the tariff would be, how much you would have to put in sort of cash deposits, even though it might be finalized later. But typically, those move up and down that drastically. So we think we could work with that. However, I mean, the issue -- to me, the biggest issue is whether the suppliers continue to run these factories in Southeast Asia. Do you have a decrease in global supply of solar panels. So that's a little bit more of the issue. So there are a lot of things there. But rest assured that we're doing everything possible and using our sort of global footprint to try to be able to give certainty to some of the suppliers that they will be able to continue to be running. So stay tuned, but we hope that by August or actually sooner because the case is so weak, it should be dismissed, and it's amazing that it's gotten this far. But if there's there should be some clarity or has to be some clarity by August, and then we'll let you know, and we'll continue to work with all the suppliers to ensure that we get those panels to the states on time to complete 2023 projects.
Andres Gluski: Yes, I'm optimistic about Fluence in the long run or it will say medium term because these -- it's very difficult to launch a new product when you get hit by COVID shutdowns in China. There were -- some of the battery suppliers had issues, let's face it. And that caused a shortage in the market as well. So there were tremendous shipping issues that they had to face. But look, it's a well-capitalized firm. The product is good. Digital is expanding well. They'll talk about these things. And for us, it has helped us really create a market for energy storage, solar plus energy storage. Our 24/7 relies on energy storage. If a version of the climate plus bill gets passed, and there's clarity around green hydrogen that will require a lot of energy story. So yes, it is a strategic relationship. And we hope to grow together for years to come.
Andres Gluski: Yes, those are great questions. Look, first on the first one, we have to reach our goal by 2025. So it's a question of trying to sell these assets or shut them down at times that are most appropriate. So the shutdowns, it's talking a lot with the local system operator or the Ministry of Energy. So those I don't see being affected by what's happening now. On top of the sales, you're right, many of these plants are more valuable in certain locations, again, Maritza being the prime example. And some of these shutdowns may be somewhat delayed because they must run in terms of availability of natural gas. But it doesn't change our goal of getting rid of all coal plants by 2025. The second question is I'm really glad you asked it because the companies are committed to their decarbonization goals. They're not just going to abandon them because of the case before commerce or because of slightly higher prices of let's say, everything from wind turbines or solar panels to batteries due to what's happening on the mineral side, commodity side. But what people aren't talking about is that the increase in cost of renewables is much, much less than the increase in the price of fossil fuels, all of them, whether it be coal, gas or diesel. So actually, renewables are more competitive today than ever. And in almost all cases, I can say that the energy from renewables is the cheapest energy. It's just a matter of degree, how much cheaper is it even with the increase in the cost of construction. So I'd say that the main issue is not energy, it's capacity. How to keep the lights on 24/7. And you really have 2 choices. One is to continue to run your legacy assets, whether they be gas or coal and combine it with renewables. That's what we did in Chile, the sort of Green integra or Green blend and extend or energy start. And as people go, let's say, further on this journey of decarbonization, that's why there's going to be such strong demand for energy storage, lithium ion-based energy storage. So really, to me, it's a question of supply. Can you get enough batteries to meet this? And the more batteries that become available, then you'll be able to retire fossil plants sooner. So that's, I'd say, the main thing. So you're right. But on the cost equation, renewables are more competitive than ever than before this crisis.
Andres Gluski: There is going to be more growth. I mean, maybe in some of these cases, it's just that -- do they have confidence the projects are there because it's -- can you deliver those projects. And in this sector, there have been a lot of projects delayed or canceled, not by us due to different kinds of supply shortages. So that might be it. It might be that they're going for certainty. So what we feel differentiates us, and we're very conscious of is that we have been delivering on our projects.
Andres Gluski: Look, this has been -- I'll pass this over to Steve because he did most of the work. But what I would just add, this has been a decade. So if you look at any of our statistics in terms of our exposure to commodities, if you look at the fact that we're almost, what, 88%, I think, in dollars, 85% contracted I guess, almost 90% hedged. I mean, all the indicators are very strong. So our cash flow has been really strong for a long time, but I'll pass it off to Steve.
Andres Gluski: So this tells you that all our subs that they have confidence in the cash flow coming from ourselves and most of our subs are investment-grade rating. So it's a great confirmation. It was a decade in the making, but the team did a fantastic job in the last year to get this across the finish line.
Andres Gluski: Look, what we are seeing is that clients are coming to us and asking us, can we do projects that other people have walked away from, quite frankly. So that -- now what we're mostly interested in the states, these 24/7. So really, it has to do -- does it fit into where we're trying to combine assets to be able to deliver 24/7. But it does open up some opportunities. So I think, again, on the Department of Commerce case, we just feel that the legal case of the length of here is very, very weak. And we think that -- furthermore, if you look at the objectives of decarbonization of onshoring, this actually moves us in the wrong direction. So yes, what I would put it is that we continue to see opportunities to acquire some projects if they help us meet our clients' demands.
Andres Gluski: Well, I mean, for '23, these will be projects that are already signed in terms of commissioning. Now in terms of signings, yes, obviously, we can -- we have a diverse portfolio, and we can adjust correspondingly. So I don't think it would affect 2023 per se. Now the sort of 50-50 mix, again, that's sort of legacy. And Again, what we hope, again, with the resolution.
Andres Gluski: That's a very important point. I mean what we're really emphasizing abroad is long-term renewable contracts in dollars. So if you're supplying, say, Microsoft in Chile, it really isn't a different risk from Microsoft in California. So again, our business is already over 80% in dollars, and that will only grow.
Steve Coughlin: Yes, it’s Steve. So just as a reminder, that page, those sensitivities are in isolation. So when you see the gas price sensitivity, it’s not – doesn’t include any corresponding power price increase, which we would actually expect to happen in most cases. So on balance, the environment, we’re really on the net positive side as I said in my comments. In particular, in Bulgaria, we have our wind portfolio there, which has done very well, and I expect we’ll do very well for the rest of this year. It does have some market exposure and with power prices in excess of 200, it’s done very well. And then the other thing I would point to is our LNG business in MCAC. So we have long-term contracted gas that’s been contracted for some time. So in fact, there are some upsides that we’re working – have worked through and we’ll continue to work through to take advantage of some of the high gas price opportunities to benefit our LNG business. So I think there’s upside there as well. Southland has been another upside we see the Q3 hedging program, another success. We expect more success this year was $0.05 of energy margin upside last year. So on balance, we’re actually in quite good shape. Most of our contracts are inflation indexed around the world. I think it’s like 83%. Those that are not are really U.S. renewable contracts where we’ve locked in our cost upfront, and that was baked into the overall cost of the – our pricing in PPA. So really, AES has transformed a lot. And actually, we’re in quite good shape in this environment.
Steve Coughlin: Yes. And I would just add, this customer, Richard, we have the flexibility to pivot to some other markets. We've done Microsoft, we've done Google in Chile. And so the Amazon announcement is what we've been able to announce. This is something I wanted to talk about for some time, but there's more to come. And we've built the pipeline significantly. We're up pipeline, and that's in large part because we're playing forward the demand coming from our commercial industrial customers in aggregating the pipeline where we know that they're going to need us to supply their load.
Steve Coughlin: Yes. And I would just add, the last year, 80% of the contracts were done in bilateral commercial industrial PPAs, so bilateral negotiations. So the customers that we're working with are very much aware of this issue. We're moving forward with all the details that we can move forward on, and this piece is open, and it's very frustrating, and it's not a good thing. But these are customers that have made very strong and vocal commitments to their decarbonization, and we suspect they're going to want to continue to find the path to get there. And since we're in a bilateral relationship, I think we're going to work through that.
Steve Coughlin: Yes. So thanks for the question. Look, to Fluence had a difficult their first quarter, which, as I had in my remarks, for their fiscal '22, our fiscal year runs October to September, and we report them on a 1 quarter lag. So what they reported in December is just hitting this quarter that we're now reporting. So we already had anticipated an updated forecast for Fluence when we gave our guidance, and that's largely -- that's about what I can say on it. Unfortunately, Fluence. I can't say much more. My hands are tied here. They're a public company, they'll be releasing earnings next week. But what I can say is I feel very comfortable given that I have the latest expectations for Fluence in our numbers. We've already absorbed their first quarter, and we reported that here.  So look, they've had a lot of issues that they've talked about. I think they're working through those. Some of them are quite temporary in nature, and they've already worked through both shiny new shipping contracts, diversifying their battery supply, they're regionalizing their manufacturing around the world. So I think it's going to take some time as they've said to work through some of these challenges. But we're very confident. The long term is strong. They're -- the entire market has continued to be very strong. The demand is still there. I think they had kind of the perfect storm of some issues coming together here with supply chain batteries, shipping, et cetera. But in our guidance, we have the latest forecast, and it's not it's knocking us off our guidance range.
Steve Coughlin: Sure. Julien. So you're right. I mean, and you're looking through the page on the commodities and seeing that there's actually upside here, as I described. So Bulgaria, where the power prices are high, we're really seeing significant upside there, both in the near term as well as in the value of the Maritza plant, which is under contract, but that PPA is well in the money for the government of the people in Bulgaria, plus we have the upside in the wind plant. In our LNG business, in our gas businesses in Central America and the Caribbean, we have long-term gas contracts that have been set well before this commodities environment. So we have some flexibility in how we manage our cargoes, we have customers or plants that have dual fuel capability. And so we're able to perhaps work in swapping to liquid fuels and redirecting cargoes into Europe, for example, with our partners. So this is a really important part of our portfolio, one that we don't tend to talk a lot about, but it is in this environment, important diversification of our portfolio. So we see both with power prices as well as the upside in our position in natural gas, given our long-term contracts. But yes, directionally, you are correct. I wouldn't venture to say whether it's $0.10 or exactly at this point. But some of that relies on discrete transactions that we will do and have done and will do to take advantage of that upside in LNG.
Steve Coughlin: Thanks, Andrés, and thanks for the question, Gregg. I was hoping someone would bring you up. We're very proud of the Moody's achievement. So look, this is the third of of 3. And so it really fully solidifies our investment-grade status as AES, something that the team set out to do a long time ago. I can't -- I've only been in my job for 6 months, so I can't really claim too much credit for it. So it really goes to that John and the team. And so look, Moody's takes a different approach where they're looking at our consolidated debt, including all the nonrecourse debt and all the cash flow from our businesses, our subs. So they really did a very deep review and they looked at also the overall risk profile of our businesses. So our commercial structure, our long-term contracts, dollar-denominated, our growth in our utilities -- and so it's been a combination of the strengthening of the balance sheet, the increases in our cash flow and that business mix, so -- and we've actually been in Moody's territory for 4 quarters straight -- well into Moody's territory. So this was becoming really, really obvious that it was something that AES deserved, and we're very proud of it and look at -- we felt really good about our transformation. And I think this is just another validation point of that transformation. As I said, they did a really thorough review.
Steve Coughlin: Yes, exactly. Yes. I mean I think I said on request the recourse debt that's different here. They really look deeply into the whole organization.
Steve Coughlin: Yes. And the other thing I would just point out is I think it's a bright line for some investors. So having this third one, having 3 all locked in. I think we'll likely see some new investors be attracted to the company now.
Steve Coughlin: We did not break that out for the quarter, probably best as we talk about the full year. But it -- we expect it will be a few cents for the full year.
Steve Coughlin: Of this case is that the proportion of U.S. would increase. Yes. And I would just add, it's also coming from our utility rate base growth, so 9% rate base growth in utilities is helping achieve that. And then a lot of what we're doing -- well, really, almost everything we're doing even internationally is in a similar strategy with commercial industrial customers, some of them the same customers in the U.S. powering data centers in our core markets overseas. So we'd expect to have a similar if it's a different flag, but it would still be a long-term contract, and in many cases, U.S. dollar-denominated contracts.
Steve Coughlin: Without jinxing ourselves very, we think it's very likely. So these -- the environment there is not such that they want to do long-term extensions all at once, but we've extended through 2023. And we have -- it's an upside to our guidance, but we do think there's a very good chance that those plants will get extended into several years following. So it may be year by year, maybe 2 years at a time. But we think that portfolio is very important, some of the disruption. This is a bit of an offset to some of the current disruption in the solar supply chain. And that comes both from a capacity revenue perspective as well as the opportunity for the Q3 peak demand energy hedging that we've done. So it's quite -- it can be quite material.
