Ahmed Pasha: Thank you, William. Good morning and welcome to our AES's second quarter 2016 financial review call. Our press release, presentation and related financial information are available on our website at aes.com. Today, we will be making forward-looking statements during the call. There are many factors that may cause future results to differ materially from these statements. Please refer to our SEC filings for a discussion of these factors. Joining me this morning are Andrés Gluski, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Tom O'Flynn, our Chief Financial Officer; and other senior members of our management team. With that, I will now turn the call over to Andrés. Andrés.
Ahmed Pasha: Brain this is Ahmed. This is [Indiscernible] 2022 and as Tom mentioned I mean we did have a number in our forecast, but based on the revised forecast the projections are slightly higher, but real impact for this impairment is the capacity prices, which came in lower than what we were expecting. So that was the bigger driver than the CapEx.
Ahmed Pasha: Thank you everybody for joining us in today’s call. As always the IR team will be available to answer any question you may have. Thank you and have a nice day.
Andrés Gluski: Thanks you, Ahmed. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining our second quarter 2016 financial review call. Today, I will discuss our year-to-date performance, provide an updates on market conditions and our progress on our strategic and financial objectives. Tom will then discuss our second quarter results and capital allocation in more detail. Before turning to results, I would like to highlight the most significant milestones that we achieved so far on our key objectives for 2016. To continue de-risking our portfolio, we announce our close asset sales with proceeds of more than $500 million well above our target range of $200 million to $300 million. We brought online one-third of our capacity under construction, or 2.4 gigawatts on-time and on-budget. We prepaid $300 million in current debt exceeding our full-year target of $200 million, to accelerate our credit improvement. We are on-track to achieve our three-year $150 million cost reduction and revenue enhancement goals. In Bulgaria, we receive payment of all outstanding receivables and continue to collect timely payment of invoices. And we continue to make progress to resolve DP&Ls pending rate case and our encouraged with recent regulatory developments in Ohio. I will discuss these achievements in more detail in the moment, but first, I would like to summarize our financial results on Slide 4. Year-to-date, we generated proportional free cash flow of $670 million, representing 57% of our full-year guidance and reflecting the collection of outstanding receivables in Bulgaria during the second quarter. Our year-to-date adjusted EPS was $0.32 representing 32% of our full-year guidance, consistent with our comments on our last call. These results keeps us on-track to achieve our full-year financial guidance, which Tom will cover in detail. Now I'll provide an update on macroeconomic conditions in our markets on Slide 5. First in Brazil, although we have seen a modest improvement in energy demand since our last call, we are still projecting negative growth for the year. In U.S. demand is essentially flat, but in most of our other markets, we continue to see robust growth in energy demand in the range of 4% to 10%. Second while we have seen significant volatility in foreign exchange and commodity prices over the last couple of years, we are generally seeing market stabilize, as a result foreign exchange and commodity forward curves are largely in line with our expectation as of our last call. The one exception is that as a result of Brexit the British pound has depreciated by roughly 10%. However, we are largely here in the near-term and more importantly our exposure to the pound, is only about 3% of our pretax contribution. Turning to Slide 6 on our portfolio optimization activities. In Brazil, we are seeing significant consolidation of the regulated utility sector at attractive valuations. We capitalize on this trend with the announced sale of our 100% ownership interest Sul, our most material utility business in Brazil from an investment point of view for approximately $470 million in equity proceeds to AES. We are currently seeking regulatory approval for the transaction and expect to close before the end of the year. Including, the proceeds from the sale of Sul, we have announced our closed a total of $540 million in asset sales this year. Since September 2011, we have announced our closed asset sales with $3.8 billion in proceeds. The corner stone of our strategy in Brazil is [indiscernible] by perusing contracted wind and solar generation. Now that we are seeing the opportunity for reasonable inflation adjusted returns. These investments for help diversified [indiscernible] generation mix, while also allowing us to take advantage of the 300 million to 500 million in untapped debt capacity at [indiscernible]. Turning now to our platform expansion opportunities on Slide 7. Our ongoing construction program is the most significant driver of our growth over the next few years. We are focusing on our investment efforts on platform expansion projects with long-term U.S. dollar denominated contracts. One such opportunity is using our DR and future panama assets, to play a leading role and expanding the use of L&G throughout Central America and the Caribbean.
Andrés Gluski: Thanks Tom. Before we take our question, let me summarize today's call. First we are executing on our priorities for 2016. Exiting certain businesses at attractive valuation completing 2.4 gigswatts of projects on-time and on-budget improving our credit profile and collecting on our outstanding receivables in Bulgaria. Second we continue to invest our growing cash flow to reduce debt and in select gross projects as well as offer our investors a significant and growing dividends. Third, we remain confident in our ability to deliver strong free cash flow growth through 2018, which is driven by our projects under construction and our cost savings and revenue enhancement initiatives. Finally, we believe we are well positioned to deliver sustainable growth beyond 2018 due to our strong business platforms in attractive and growing markets and our leadership position in deploying new technologies. With that, I would like to open up the call for questions.
Andrés Gluski: Remember also Ali, we’ve not taken a dividend out of DPL, for some time and there is no parent free cash flow from DPL at least till 2018 in our forecast.
Andrés Gluski: Okay, we have, I think on very well in terms of focusing this company, in terms of getting out of those regions were we didn’t see those markets was so attractive and realizing attractive valuation from those sales. So what we are focused on in terms of growth, it’s going to be those places we can get, long term ideally dollars denominated contracts and were we can bring something besides just money. So these are additions where there are synergies or economics have scale. So we don’t like talking about exactly those places that we are going to get out of until we do it. And you know we have very much stuck to that rule over the years. But I would say those countries, where we don’t see those opportunities. Where we see that, today quite frankly they are either too volatile or we don’t see opportunities for growth. So what I would like to say, we will continue to grow those businesses, especially those that are cash accretive and our real focus is on creating a company where we have a strong sustainable growth in our dividend and that’s what we are focused on. So I’m not going to get into it specifically, but I think if you do it by the process to elimination which is those places where we don’t see growth, where we don’t see long-term contracts and we really don’t have any really sort of particularly advantages position we will get out of. Now we won’t talk about them, until it’s actually done, because obviously those can affect our operations.
Andrés Gluski: What we are seeing in the business, is continued reduction in cost. So if we look at the cost of batteries they have come down 80% in the last five year and we are projecting an additional 50% in the next five. So that would driven them down significantly and really this is not technological breakthrough, it is as much as just really massification of the production process. So the more people that bring online giga factories and drive down battery prices, the batter it will be for people such as ourselves. Now, given that how do you see this market, well this market is growing one of the main let's say things that are slowing it down it regulatory, since these batteries operate differently than just regulatory say [peeking] plans where other people providing ancillary services, because for example it goes positive and it goes negative. But having said that we are seeing this market that was a couple of 100 megawatts last year this it's growing some of the forecast by 2020 could be 10 gigawatts globally. The forecast the lower as forecast you will see it's probably around 6 gigawatts that's still a tremendous rate of growth. Now that there are many applications, there is little bit of the hammer and so you can use it for many different things from load shifting ancillary services capacity release transmission constraint. So that's how we see this market, now I see it kind of growing quickly some markets quicker than others the U.S. is clearly leading great the UK is having an important auction now, we see interesting markets in India with their expansion of renewable. So basically as I said in my speech as you have more renewable on the grid interruptible renewable the greater the need for these batteries, and there are different forms to alleviate that. So we are pursuing it by two means one is on our own platform, we are participating in some of these auctions when they are big enough we do bring in partners like we do on all large projects, but we are also pursuing through some direct sales, but also through sales channel partners global sales. And we have already have had some success with $70 million so far this year. We expect that to grow over the remainder of the year and into next and of course that has overtime will have an interesting margin. But right now one of the things it does it helps to drive down cost, because this is all about scale. So if are one of the largest suppliers to the market I think you will have across advantage.
Andrés Gluski: Look it's going to depend on - this is volume. So basically think of startup cost and things like that are fixed cost, the more you have the more quickly we are not really prepared to sort of give guidance on the third-party sale, but I really don’t see this certainly not this year and probably next is not being a meaningful contributor.
Andrés Gluski: And the finally this is not in our guidance for that reason, but this could become quite interesting outside that time horizon.
Andrés Gluski: Lasan I think, one way to look at this is, we want to earn a 200 basis points plus over our sort of weighted cost capital on this projects. So it’s going to depend on their locations. So for example, you are really, we will have a lower ROI for those projects that are rate based on our regular utilities Than we do on some of the other projects which are one different locations. But the one thing we are moving towards, I would say, de-risking the company. And so that I think it’s an important component and I so it’s dollar denominate long term contract, in the good zip code and that’s a great country. Those will have a lower return than some of the other locations. But I do think that when you look at our projects, what is important is there is a lot of synergies between them. So if we look at for example the Panama project, it will have significant synergies if we increase the amount of tolling we do from that facility, you know our power plant will take roughly about 30% of the capacity to tank in the terminal. So we are really looking for a third-party sales, like we do in the Dominican Republic. So once you have the two hubs operating the return from the project will not only be from the project itself, will also be from the existing businesses. So that’s how we are looking at it. and just to say, so I don’t think that if interest rates go up, it depends, how much they go up, but we are also shifting our business to less risky businesses and the returns of the project is also returns to the bits to existing businesses, which perhaps were not included in that ROE.
Andrés Gluski: That is our cost savings and revenue enhancement initiative, which is well under way. We have a three year $150 million cost saving new enhancement initiatives in three chunks of 50-50 and 50. This is an annual run rate, prior to this in the previous four years we did a $200 million cost savings and revenue initiative. So we have a lot of experience at this. Perhaps Bernerd our Chief Operating Office can make a few comments on what that consist of.
Thomas O’Flynn: We continue to have normal discussions consistent with the process in Ohio. We are obviously aware of developments with the other major utilities in the phase especially [Indiscernible] and they have got little bit different perspectives, but we think those are both constructive directions. We do continue to think that those strong support in the state for in state generations giving the fall of vertex diligent too far removed. The in state jobs in state revenue from taxes and those kind of things. So we think there is strong support for that and I apologize to say we are encourage by discussions as we said we re-filed our rates for the remainder of 2016 to go basically back to the pre 2014 structure and we think that there is constructive and consistent with the sentiments.
Thomas O’Flynn: I think what we would say is, I think we have been consistent here, number one our most recent filing would not have material impact, assume we go back to the 2013 rate structure, we would not have material impact on our financials for the reminder of 20`6. Going forward, as we discussions this different approaches here, but we generally baked into our guidance is less than what we are currently getting, which is about a 110 million a year or 9 million a month, but it’s still material amount. We haven’t put a fine point on that but certainly it would be meaningful impact if there are a large fall but at this point we believe we will get something in that range.
Thomas O’Flynn: Yes, I think will across all the [indiscernible] side I think we will look at incremental growth and I think we have said that we would expect about 300 million to 400 million of contributions into our businesses from core on a normal year. This year we are kind of right in middle of that point. Of course continuing to grow the dividend on a regular basis, we will continue to look to deleverage and may take some of this opportunity to accelerate the deleveraging in our balance sheet. And of course stock repurchases is still something we have authority for, we have done a lot. So as we said, I think our primary focus in terms of cash to shareholders would be by the dividend.
Thomas O’Flynn: Yes, Julien let me try to tackle that. In terms of number one the market risk and reward that we have is under our restructure and one that we had it or one that we are not going to revert back to is really the gen, is really at our generation that - basis of risking rewards of the market. In terms of structure of going back to, its different kind of financially at the end of day, it's about the same for us, but there was a group of people that have they not chopped then they would go to a defined rate structure. And that kind of slices it up a little bit different way, but the utility is not exposed to that it's a little bit different way to slice up the same amounts. In terms of going forward, we believe that what we had filed earlier in January and February, we can work under that umbrella, if you will. So we don’t need to pull that back and re-file. Remember we had a couple of different alternatives and so we feel that that umbrella gives us the flexibility to shape a solution in different ways.
Thomas O’Flynn: Yes, it would remain outstanding until those a supplement for it. And both of them are supportive of our financial structure.
Thomas O’Flynn: Okay, first given that Eletropaulo is a publicly listed company, we don’t comment on it. I think what we have said is that, we made a significant strategic move by existing Sul. If you look at today’s market price the equity value we had at Sul is more than [indiscernible] the value that we have in the Eletropaulo, so we have made a significant shift. Second, we have been very disciplined in Brazil, specially at [indiscernible]. We always for many years had this leverage capacity and the ability to buy new assets to grow. But we didn’t really see the valuations. We really didn’t see valuations that we are attracted for us. With the correction in prices in Brazil, we are starting to see opportunity that would make it more attractive to leverage up [indiscernible] and buy something in Brazil. Now what would we buy? Well as we said in the past, we are really looking at our sort of risks, and we wouldn’t want more hydro risk in Brazil, so ideally it would be something like sola or wind or perhaps even thermal that would not be correlated to hydrology in Brazil to make our cash flow from [indiscernible] more steady. So again, Eletropaulo being a publicly listed company, it would be process pertinent to that market, but we are going to comment on it.
Thomas O’Flynn: No that was just at Kelin and that was just because it had a higher carrying value it was reflecting the result of the latest capacity auction.
Thomas O’Flynn: Yes, I think the short answer is generally interest rates are being coming down and our cost of capital I think has been coming down so I think that's a good number certainly on the projects we are doing. To the extent that I think Andrés mentioned much of our focus will be on long-term U.S. contracted business some of that may warrant some compression of that modestly, but I don’t think we see them going up.
Thomas O’Flynn: Yes the one thing I would say is we certainly look at our cost of capital IRRs on a real time basis, real time for global interest rates, local interest rates, local risk. So certainly if there is a meaningful change in macro conditions, be it interest rate risk or other things inflation what have you. We would certainly factor that into that into our capital allocation framework.
Thomas O’Flynn: I think if we drop the hurdle rate, again we don’t have a universal hurdle rate. The lower the cost of [Technical Difficulty] projects in some other markets [Technical Difficulty] we don’t use the universal hurdle rate.
Thomas O’Flynn: Yes the milestone and they have a shareholders’ approval. We believe that they are very confident of getting it. Then there would be an approval of [indiscernible] which is the regulator. And that’s why we are targeting this close for the fourth quarter of this year, but given all that’s happening in Brazil, we don’t expect any issue. And furthermore, it’s a acquisition that makes a lot of sense, which is consolidating the distribution company into state of real grounded to Sul. So there is lot of logic, a lot of cost savings from bringing these together. So we think the fundamentals for the transaction for the acquirer are very strong.
Thomas O’Flynn: Yes, I mean we did have some consultation, I better not go into the specifics, but following the Supreme Court we wanted to look for something that had the same provision of stability and supporting the overall financial viability of the company, but staying away from let's say the specifics of the Supreme Court. But also appreciating that there was strong motivation for the reason that I mentioned earlier to keep the utility stable and keep our generation viable.
Thomas O’Flynn: Yes, we haven’t disclose that specifically. I believe DPL has the three-year forward CapEx table that is in their K. We are still reviewing it, but we did have some preliminary number let's say that were baked into our impairment analysis and it was really the combination of those numbers. They really be out - I believe it’s a 20 to 21 times zone as well as we did have to take note of the recent capacity auction that was down much from 160 to about 100 and that we think a 100s low, we did have to factor that most recent data point into our long-term forecast.
Thomas O’Flynn: That's fair and to be honest when we talked last time we did say - when we had a slower first quarter we did say there were some things that we are working on and this is at least one of the thing in the bucket.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So, perhaps a few more specific questions on the [Indiscernible] process here just being very clear. How to think about the ESP-1 rate structure for 2013. What I understand it's mostly a regulated structure with fuel pass through how should be think about power prices and just competitive retailers under that rate structure. I know it's a bit detailed, but I'm just to be curious so it is are you still positively exposed to stock prices increasing net-net. I'm just trying to understand how that the supplier recovery gets done and then secondly can you talks you the ESP-3 filing that you have pending are you been to need the re-filing of that or are you been amended to reflect some of the changes that might be necessary out of the Ohio Supreme Court.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it and just to be clear. The ESP-1 the 2013 rate structure will remain indefinitely until you got a rate outcome under the ESP-3 structure. So kind of agnostic perhaps too strong award there, but throughout the process whenever you eventually get an outcome in ESP-3 just to be clear.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Sorry and then the last quick one, any update on the assets the you impaired in DPL, just curious if that has any reflection on the future viability of them in terms of retirement or whether they clearly [indiscernible].
