Andrés Weilert: Thanks, Tom. Before we take your questions, let me summarize today's call. We have delivered strong results during the quarter and implemented the $100 million cost savings program. We remain on track to achieve investment-grade credit metrics in 2019. We're making progress on our 4 gigawatts of projects under construction. We have continued to transform, simplify and derisk our portfolio while delivering attractive, long-term growth by reshaping our portfolio through selective asset sales; adding profitable investments in renewables, natural gas and LNG with long-term U.S. dollar-denominated contracts; using partnerships, management contracts and our local platforms to improve our returns; and exploiting our leadership in applying new technologies to lower expenses and grow revenues.  We expect to generate substantial amounts of discretionary cash from 2018 through 2020, which we'll deploy consistent with our capital allocation framework. And we are therefore reaffirming our full year 2018 guidance and 8% to 10% growth rate target through 2020.  With that, we will now take your questions.
Andrés Weilert: Sure, great question. I would say the first is that we have to look at this project in the light of AES Gener. So I think what's very important about this project is that it diversifies AES Gener from being very reliant on, say, coal generation to have a more diversified mix. As you know, there's a $5 a ton carbon tax in Chile, and having Alto Maipo will give the Gener a lot of options. And as you can see also that Gener has a very good portfolio of long-term contracts, so this gives us, the company, a lot more flexibility. The second one, thinking of the project itself, we had to really think of the returns on the marginal investments that we would make. So we are -- besides derisking the project, derisking Gener, are achieving reasonable rates of return on these additional investments. And I think also stay tuned because there are also opportunities to improve the returns on Alto Maipo. I would say, first, there is the possibility again of using it to diversify away from coal. There's also the opportunity, and this is very early stage, to apply new technologies, whether it be energy storage, for example, to have the world's first hydro project with energy storage because in Chile, you've had a big buildout of renewables, but you haven't had a big buildout of capacity. So having this capacity near the load center of Santiago, we think, will be very valuable over time.
Andrés Weilert: Well, look, well, we said that there would be no returns, nothing in our forecast through 2020. So we have assumed, and you will notice that we used the word up to because there's the possibility of having partners come into this project. So we have up to. We have said that there were no returns for the 2020 period, and we have very modest projections going forward from the project. But we do think again that having 800 megawatts of hydro capacity near the load center, thinking of AES Gener and thinking of the whole complex, remember, this is an expansion of an existing facility, which was built in 1985, we'll have better returns. So stay tuned. I think this is an important step to reduce the risk, get dates certain and the -- getting the contractor to step up, put in significant completion guarantees and provide part of the financing.
Andrés Weilert: Okay, let me take the multipart question. The first, the answer is yes. Eletropaulo would get us to the amounts that we talked about this year. That is $250 million. Then the remaining $750 million that we had identified, well, that could be selldowns. That could be selling out of some businesses. I think we'll continue to optimize our portfolio. So there is no hard limit on this. To the extent that we can get partnerships in places where we could sell down and improve our returns on invested capital, we will do so. So again, we are, I think, in a strong position. All of our businesses are making money and that we have this opportunity going forward. So as you'll note, the numbers that Tom gave are quite conservative in terms of sales and what we can achieve this year.
Andrés Weilert: Yes. We had identified that in Bulgaria, we were in talks with the Bulgarian government regarding, let's say, the claim of illegal state aid on the PPA of Maritza. I would say those discussions continue underway. I don't think anything will happen in the very short term. They are up-to-date on their payments. We're getting paid regularly. The plant is performing well. The plant is necessary for the Bulgarian system. So it's really a question of, how will we resolve this issue for the -- for a win-win situation for the Bulgarian energy system and us? So stay tuned. And again, the -- I would say we're progressing constructively.
Andrés Weilert: Well, I would say that first, we were in 28 markets. We're down to 15. 5 years ago, I said somewhere between 15 and 12 was the optimal number. So again, stay tuned for that. Regarding -- our priority, quite frankly, has been to sell merchant and specialty coal assets. So if you think of the Philippines, you think of some of the DPL, you think of some of the assets we've sold, and that's just basically because as part of our derisking, I mean, we derisk the company from hydrology, we derisk it from a commodity point of view, from a currency point of view. We also think that derisking from a carbon intensity point of view is important for the long term. So of that, that would be really our priority. We can hit both carbon intensity and merchant, like the Philippines, that is ideal. Now regarding selldowns in the states, we have partnerships in the states, and we can sell down to the extent that, one, it improves our returns; and two, it gives us capital to redeploy. As I mentioned in my script, that to the extent we do more development and new projects with sPower, we will improve our average returns. So there's a lower price obviously for spinning assets than there is for developing greenfield projects. So we are focused on increasing our returns on invested capital. We're increasing on -- focused on, I'd say, continued derisking long-term dollar-denominated contracts. So you put that all together, our contract length will increase substantially by the end of this year.
Andrés Weilert: Well, we have one gas pipeline from the Andres facility to Los Mina. This would be significantly -- I'd say the potential is significantly larger than that. We cannot disclose the amount in the contract. But I would say that this -- once the pipeline is built to the East, there's significant upside. We have some of the upside of the current contract built in, but there's significant contract -- upside for more. So I think just the important message, I think, here is that we still have about more than 40% of this storage capacity at Andres under -- not utilized. So there's a -- anything to increase the utilization essentially comes to our bottom line. And the same will be true for Panama. We're only going to be -- we're going to be using less than 40% of that tank, and there's -- any additional clients that we put on would just make that project more attractive. So we always use our projections based on our own plant, but we expect additional usage. And in the DR, we have good experience with that. We're already selling 10% to -- not to ourselves but to third parties for transportation and commercial use.
Andrés Weilert: Yes, I'd say that -- let's take the Fluence. We just launched it. Its cash needs are very modest as it gears up together with Siemens. So I mean, at this very first stage, clearly, I think we have to grow that business and really, let's say, get the market share that we're aiming for, which is around 20%, 25% of that market. First, I think it's way too early to think about bringing in third money for a validation here. This is -- it's a different business from the usual. And usually, when we think about partners, it's on more mature businesses. So if there are situations where we can bring in a partner for, say, spinning assets and then take that money and redeploy it at higher returns or bring in a partner and receive a management fee or a development fee, that's it. So Fluence would not be one of those, let's say, in -- certainly in the short term.
Andrés Weilert: That's a good question. As we said, today, we're sort of half and half in terms of the new projects that we're signing. We do see increasing demand from corporates, and that is one of the most exciting areas for, say, sPower. We're also seeing sort of community solar for distributed energy in the U.S. In the case of outside of the U.S., which is basically Latin America, what we're seeing is more sort of auctions, be it in Argentina or be it in Brazil, for renewable power. We are making significant inroads, say, in Chile with commercial and industrial customer PPAs. So we're seeing this sort of blend and extend in a lot of our markets, and corporates are becoming more important. And I'd say the -- probably the majority of the corporates are looking for renewable energy. So regarding the sort of mix, the pipeline of sPower is quite large. We've talked about 10 gigawatts. And it's very solid, and we're seeing that they're having success on it. So that sort of 50-50 mix may shift a little bit towards the states. But we do have a lot of projects that will be coming online, Brazil, Argentina. We have El Salvador. And there are other markets that are also very interesting. So the key is that we have to get a PPA, which is either dollar denominated or inflation indexed.
Andrés Weilert: Well, again, the projects outside of the U.S. are not with sPower. Those are with our platforms. So I think a key component on the, I think, compelling returns that we're seeing is using our platforms. So you really have the advantage of having everything from a commercial team to a management team to everything in place. Second, you can use local leverage to optimize it, optimize your returns from it, and your local relationships. So for example, in the MCAC bucket, that return is 100% dollar-denominated contracts. The only ones that we have that are nondollar denominated are in Brazil, and those are in reais. Those are indexed to inflation. And the debt is in reais. So we feel very comfortable with this -- with the risk that we're taking on these projects because the debt and the cash flows are in the same currency. They're inflation indexed or they're dollar denominated. So these -- we think these are very, very strong contracts.
Andrés Weilert: Well, here's the thing, with Alto Maipo, there are several, let's say, important milestones. So part of -- this is the -- you have the Las Lajas that's, let's say, lower down in the mountain and would be the first ones to come on. And then you'd have the Volcán, which is the -- say, higher up in the mountain. And so that would come on at somewhat later date. But we'll start earning money as soon as the first sections are completed.
Andrés Weilert: Well, Gener has sold some assets. It's strengthened its balance sheet. So Gener has the cash flow to make these investments as required.
Andrés Weilert: Steve, well, we just raised the dividend 8.3% this year. And I think we have the strongest track record in terms of growing the dividend. So what we are doing is strengthening our credit. So we're in, we think, a very coherent position of being investment grade or having investment-grade metrics and paying a substantial dividend. So as Tom mentioned, we will review any increase of the dividend at the year-end with our board. But we just made a dividend increase. That's a bit early. Then regarding sort of the use of capital for stock buybacks, we've also said we made very significant stock buybacks of the company. And we will assess those over time if there's a need for any stock buybacks. But I think what's very important, our priority is, first, getting to investment grade. Second, you -- we have some very attractive investment opportunities that we should complete. And I think that in terms of the derisking of our portfolio, it's very important to understand, like we have 777 megawatts of hydro in Panama. With the completion of the combined-cycle gas plant, those hydro assets should be more valuable because you're really going to have a cap on hydro -- on energy prices in years of drought. So it's going to lower the volatility and strengthen the earnings from that. The other thing to realize is that in the Dominican Republic and in Panama, we -- since we have the reexport capabilities, there's some very attractive upside. So we have to take those things into consideration. But I would point out, we have made very substantial stock buybacks in the past, and we just raised our dividend as well.
Andrés Weilert: What I'd say is we are doubling the rate base at IPL, and we think that the new investment grade-rated DPL also has significant rate base growth. So a lot of catch-up because a lot of the utilities in the area have been investing a lot in their rate base. And DPL has not been in a situation that it could do that. And so we think -- believe there's catch-up. So no, we think there's attractive growth, risk-adjusted growth in both of those utilities, and we expect them to do quite well.
Andrés Weilert: That's a great question. I'd say, number one, the guarantee here is from the head office, Strabag, which is an investment-grade company listed in Austria. Second, that the LCs will be bank guarantees. So when we say that there are strong guarantees, these are backed by significant, investment-grade bank LCs. So on both counts, Strabag is a company that's in good shape, and second, that these are your top-notch bank guarantees LCs.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. Well, just to follow up on Ali's question just real quickly, just to be perhaps exceptionally clear about the Alto Maipo situation. How does this change your financial forecast at the end of the day versus what you all had talked about last quarter? Because I know some of this had been -- potentially would be partially contemplated. So I just want to be very clear about that, and I got a follow-up.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Okay, excellent. Just wanted to be very clear about that. And then separately, if I can follow up here. Asset sales, how are you thinking about U.S. versus international and then gas versus coal selldowns? I mean, obviously, there's kind of a repositioning taking place here, but I'd be curious about priorities and opportunities.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. And just to be clear, can you elaborate on discount rates or anything? I mean, I'd just be curious by how much you see that delta.
Thomas O'Flynn: Yes, Julien, that's fair. That's how we looked at it. We just did an asset -- as we look at it, and we obviously do this on a regular basis, look at the major assets, which is the PPAs. And once again, they're average 10 years, but some of them are much longer. The average life of them is 10 years, including Alto Maipo. But you look at the value of the PPAs plus the value of the hydro at fairly conservative level zone dollar per kilowatt. And you look at the liabilities, which should be all of the debt, and we compare that to the value of the equity, and we think the equity value -- or that the net asset value, if you will, is well in excess of the current equity market cap.
Thomas O'Flynn: Yes. Probably want to stay away from the details and maybe some broader discussion, but it's probably better to take place at the higher level, I mean, a little sensitive given the higher -- public level. But it's asset and liabilities both, so it's not as discount rate sensitive as you might think.
Thomas O'Flynn: Yes. Greg, it's Tom. It's very consistent with what we had last time. Last time, I think we had $1.25 billion, and then we had a note to the side with about $400 million of debt -- of potential debt retirements And we just wanted to be more clear and break that into a separate wedge, ergo, the $450 million wedge. But it is looking at, yes, from our own -- from our standpoint, with $1.25 billion of asset sales, including Masinloc and the placeholder, $250 million, we think we just need to do another $100 million or -- $100 million, maybe $200 million debt paydown to get -- to do investment grade fast, to get to investment-grade stats. That said, we're going to sell another $750 million of assets. Depending upon the cash flow of those assets, we're putting a placeholder in for some more debt retirement as a part of use of proceeds from those asset sales. So the $800 million -- so that's an estimate. Obviously, it could change up or down based upon how rich the cash flow is of the assets we're selling, but we wanted to break it out to be more clear.
Thomas O'Flynn: Yes, but we think that's a good number. I mean, we think -- we believe we'll get to the $2 billion. We're at $1.25 billion now. And I think we've shown a record of hitting our asset sale numbers earlier and with bigger numbers. So we're comfortable we'll get there in the $800 million. That's a big movement in the numbers.
Thomas O'Flynn: I think, Greg, regarding sPower, I think we've said maybe on the last call that we have had some incoming inquiries from some financial investors about taking an interest in some of the operating assets or pieces of the operating assets. And those are things that we are pursuing with our partnering co. We'll update you to the extent something specific unfolds, but those would be at valuations that would improve our all-in returns.
Thomas O'Flynn: They've also done a couple of asset sales, Steve. They've, with the asset sales, about $300 million that should close shortly. That's some older fossil plants. They had also said, it's public, that they're assessing the potential sale of some transmission assets. So that will be part of their -- the cash flow that would help them fund this. And also, they continue to pay a strong dividend.
Thomas O'Flynn: Yes. I mean, that's a part of how we look at things. I think we've done both over the past number of years. I think in the near term, going to that slide that shows capital allocation through 2020, that's what you're trying to get to, I think in the near term, we're really focused on improving our credit and getting to investment-grade stats that we think we'll do by next year, and then with some seasoning, get to investment grade, we would expect by 2020. So we think we do have close to $1 billion, let's call it $800 million, to think about, it's really a '19 and '20 level of thought. And we do look at returns on investment opportunities. We do take them in the context of the overall business, not just one-off assets because we do think about things on a platform basis, not on a one-off, you-pump-it-out, asset basis. And we do -- and we will look at that relative to the share purchase, which is what we've done in the past.
Ahmed Pasha: Yes. Greg, this is Ahmed. Yes, you're right. I think, given that we have already included a slide on return, Slide 11, so we thought, I mean, the returns are pretty much in the same ballpark range. So yes, you don't need to read anything between the lines, but the returns are somewhere close to mid-teens.
Ahmed Pasha: This is Ahmed. I think we just gave our guidance, so let us deliver on this. We can talk about the rest later. Apologies.
Ahmed Pasha: Thanks, Austin, and we thank everybody for joining us on today's call. As always, the IR team will be available to answer any questions you may have. Thank you, and have a nice day.
