Paul Hanrahan: Yes, with the Eastern energy assets, what we're looking to do is to sell those assets. The main reason for doing that is we think there's value in those assets, and just because of the earnings profile that we don't think it's going to make sense for us or another public company to be owning those assets. But we do think that there are people out there that see the value potential, and we've seen that in another market transactions. We think we might get better value for it if we were to transact and put that out on the market. So we're in the process now of marketing those assets, and as we move forward, we'd be able to update you on that.
Paul Hanrahan: In terms of our Philippines asset, we're looking at getting coal from Indonesia and Australia. So in terms of the price spike that we saw last month, we're seeing prices return to normal.
Paul Hanrahan: I have Andres Gluski, our Chief Operating Officer. He could provide a little bit more detail on what's happening there.
Paul Hanrahan: Yes, $0.105 would be a full year, and for this year we built in roughly $0.04 into the projections. That's what's built into the guidance. Because as Andrés said, we wouldn't be operating at full load for part of the year and get a commission by the end of it. But we think we'd end up with -- subject to getting everything resolved on a technical legal front, probably about $0.04 a year. We think that's a reasonable expectation.
Paul Hanrahan: Ali, just comment on that quickly. You pick up on the same thing that we did, which was that we have to ramp up the corporate SG&A. And partly, if you go back several years ago with restatements that we had put in systems in place and control systems to make sure we got our financials done timely and accurately, and I think we've done a good job of that. But a lot of that has been done manually. What we want to do now is start to automate that and make it more efficient because we believe we can do this at a much lower cost. And it's probably going to be about a three-year program to start working the costs out. I can't give you a number now because we really want to fine tune that a bit more. But maybe in the next call or so, by midyear, we should have a pretty good handle on how much we think we can take out and when it would come out. We don't think there's going to be much room in this year's numbers. We'll probably start to see some improvements, which will drive earnings growth beginning in 2011 in a meaningful way. Because we think this could be, for the next two to three years, another driver to earnings growth for the company.
Paul Hanrahan: You're correct. Guidance doesn't assume anymore buybacks. But then, if you think about that $1.1 billion of cash, I would say, we'd really look at almost all of that being available for ways to allocate to productive investments over the next -- I mean, some it's already going to be committed for things that are in the works. The others would be really competing against each other for uses of capital. So the new investments we talked about, also stock buybacks, I think they're both going to be things that we would be doing on a regular basis. I think the other part of it is that it's also -- we've seen some cases a good market for portfolio management for selling assets. And that might give us some additional capital that we think we could deploy if we have good investments to trade into, or the stock price remains at the levels it is, it would be another attractive way to use that capital.
Paul Hanrahan: I think there's several groups of assets that will be coming up for sale. And I think we and Koc have identified several that we think could be attractive for us to invest in that they know reasonably well that we're learning more about. The timing of this is a little bit unclear. I think it could begin as early as the latter part of 2011, maybe towards the fourth quarter. The exact time, of course, can move around a little bit. But you’d start -- I think, expect to see things happening around then or early 2012. I think in the meantime though, there are probably some one-off assets that we might have an interest in, in Turkey to just start building that portfolio of businesses. I think we're very well aligned in terms of how we think about the business, the kinds of returns we're looking for that we think it could be attractive. And I think the competitors out there, we and Koc together are a pretty formidable force.
Paul Hanrahan: I think we're not going to use specific numbers here, but we may over time give a little bit more of a further lookout, but it's really going to be the plants in construction coming on-line. That's the big driver. We're going to see some earnings growth there. I think that the next piece is when we talk a bit about answering all these questions about the costs, we see some room to continue move the costs down on a corporate basis. It's run up quite a bit, which we had to do to put the systems in place, but we can become a lot more efficient there. So that provides another couple of year’s worth of growth on that front. And then I think we've got $1.1 billion of cash sitting around doing very little, which we want to deploy, and that's got value if you deploy that, let's say, you take that and get a 12% return on your earnings, sort of like $132 million, that's over $0.10 a share of earnings if you deploy for stock buybacks depending on price of which you buy back. They could also be accretive. So you've also got that element to it, and we have liquidity beyond that. And I think the other part of the earnings growth really comes from is we've thought about really over the past several months, where we want to focus is I said, there are really lot of unique markets out there. We can't compete in all of them. And we've started to really select the ones we want to put the most effort, and I think what you see over time is we're starting to manage the portfolio to take some of those assets, sell them down where there's not a whole lot more value we can add in markets that might not be strategic and investing that in some markets where we could get returns that are above our cost of capital. And I think by having a global portfolio like we do, that gives us the ability to go out and do some more things without having to go out and tap the capital markets again for new equity, and I think that's important. So I think you could see another four to five years of good earnings growth, and that's what we're really trying to work through as we think about the various options we have to invest, to buy back stock, to reduce debt, to swap assets. It could create some interesting opportunities for us combined with the ability to go out and reduce costs in a pretty significant way.
Victoria Harker: No, it just reflects the fact that we don't have Eastern flowing through in terms of the portfolio impacts. But we have no additional hedging.
Victoria Harker: That's been pulled out. That was what we had originally projected prior. And now we have no expectations on having those losses this year.
Victoria Harker: Ali, this is Victoria. The expectation is that as we go down this process of the sale, in concert with our auditor are marking certain milestones, and it would be recorded as discontinued operations, which would get grandfathered back to the beginning part of this year. But we are still continuing to go down that path and make sure that we hit all the milestones.
Victoria Harker: The corporate SG&A is essentially flat at this point, minus about 2% increase relative to our people cost. I think the thing that requires a little bit more detail of discussion, and we were happy to help with this is the mapping of cost of sale reduction in SG&A. Cost of sale is SG&A that's held in the businesses. So as we've moved, for example, certain organizations from the businesses to the corporate SG&A line, it reflects an increase in SG&A that's not increasing costs per se. For example, we've had business development that's moved from the specific businesses to the regions in corporate, same thing, with the finance functions that moved to the hub, so we can walk you through the detail in terms of which will remap. But we've also had real increases in some of the costs around our business development over the last 12 months.
Victoria Harker: Let me just answer first, from the impairment standpoint, obviously we had to look out a couple of years in terms of the curves. And so that's what triggers the fourth quarter just in terms of the analysis that we just took down. I think obviously that flows through economically in terms of how we look out the strategic process in terms of the disposition of the asset as well. And I'm sure Ned can probably speak to that as well.
Victoria Harker: And I think just as a parallel to Paul's statement, I think it's also for the reasons he's articulated in terms of the asset sale, it's important to -- you need to focus on the cash growth, and we just saw with the Middle East asset sale, 20%-plus kinds of returns on those on our equity investment. And that's increased our cash growth, obviously, that would take earnings out of the portfolio temporarily until they're replaced. So that's another important metric for us, is the cash growth, as well as the earnings.
Andres Gluski: Sure, I'll give you perhaps a little bit background first. The EPC contract on December of last year issued a notice of dispute, alleging the lignite that had been supplied for commissioning without a specification. And therefore entitled to an extension of time to complete the power plant and an increase in the contract price and other relief. In January of this year, the EPC contractor advised Maritza that has stopped commissioning on the power plant's two units and initiated arbitration of this alleged lignite claims. Now Maritza disputes that the lignite is out of specifications and intends to defend the arbitration and assert counter claims for the delay of liquidated damages and other relief related to the contractor's failure to complete the power plant and other breaches of the EPC contract. In terms of the power plant itself today, we expect to start selling energy at 2/3 capacity, about 420 megawatts during the second quarter. This, of course, will depend on discussions that we have with the lenders, with NEK, and with the EPC contractor. And we expect to reach the full load of 600 net megawatts by the end of the year.
Andres Gluski: Sure. We'll as you know, ANEEL came out with a new methodology proposal beginning of this year. I think the key elements are the WAC determining their regulatory asset base using a reference company and the x efficiency factor. This has basically gone for review. It's currently under discussions between ABRADEE, which is the Association of all the electric sector company, and ANEEL. And I don't think that you'll have a sort of final determination on that until the sort of fourth quarter. So I don't think it's going to have a major impact this year. I think we're all waiting to sort of see how the WAC turns out. I mean, under the old methodology, the WAC would be about 8.06. And the first proposal that's come back from ANEEL is 7.15. So I think that, again, is in negotiations, and we have to see where this turns out, and another factors as well. So what I am certain is that by the end of the year, I think we will have a resolution to this. And most likely, will be somewhere between the old and the initial proposal. And this is nothing new. We always go through this different year. And then finally, once that's determined, then you have Eletropaulo and ANEEL specific discussions regarding asset base and other things.
Andres Gluski: Of 2011, that's correct. And [ph] as you know, which we own in the south, its cycle is in 2013, April of 2013.
Andres Gluski: Yes, that's part of the discussions at the end. I believe it's somewhere around BRM 9 billion that we're talking about.
Andres Gluski: Okay, sure. This is Andres. First, about the tightening market. Yes, this year, we have a La Nina phenomenon, and it's the seventh driest year in the last 40. So on February 17, the government came out with a decree, which sort of had three elements. First would be to save approximately 500 gigawatts hours of water equivalent. So what they're asking is the generators to dispatch, and then there'll be a netting effect from basically using a higher cost generation, specifically saving that water. The second part of the decree was to have the ability to lower voltage between 5% and 10% as needed. And the third will be some sort of consumer saving initiatives. Regarding Gener, we are pretty much contracted. We have the ability to meet the requirement -- our contract with what we call the efficient generation. But in addition, we have generation, which are at our older coal plant, which can be used to dispatch above this. So Gener is well placed for this drought, in terms of its contract and in terms of its generation capacity. Regarding the second part of your question, Maura, in terms of the new environmental rules which have come out, I think, what's important is first is that the new requirements do not apply to Campiche or Angamos because they were under construction prior to the new decree coming out. So that's I think important, and that will give us an advantage. The decree also differentiates between, of course, new plants and existing plants. And there is a time period for putting in the new emission reductions equipment that is needed. Sort of a ballpark figure for Gener right now would be around $200 million basically SGDs that would be necessary, for example, on Guacolda, and some of the unscrubbed plants that we have. But all the new plants that we have in place are coming in within the midst for existing plants under construction.
Andres Gluski: Regarding sort of the first part of the question, sort of Brasiliana and the changes. As you know, BNDS is very stable, long-lived institution, carries a lot of weight in Brazil, and we're in constant talks with them. We're partners at the Brasiliana level, and we've done a number of operations jointly that have been very good for both of us. And, for example, we cleared the SEB debt default last year, and so we're in good standing with them. So again, I think this is institutional as I expect to continue its current policies. I really don't have additional insight in terms of if they would decide to make any changes there. I think regarding the comments of the FX, the efficiency factor, the x factor, I agree with you. I think an important element here -- this is under a lot of debate with ABRADEE, is whether you could change the x factor into a yearly cycle, and this would have a significant difference. We think that it should remain on a three-year cycle. And also I agree with your comments regarding the WAC, that it's very likely that in these discussions there must be some allowance made for FX and other risk factors in that WAC. So regarding both, I tend to agree with your view. But of course, this will depend on the discussions between ABRADEE and the public hearing and ANEEL. And we will know in the following month. It's not just an Eletropaulo factor or a [ph] factor.
Ned Hall: Brian, the process is ongoing. And the time to conclude it, by the end of this year, we should get a first round of indicatives between now and July. So depending on how that goes, we may be in a position to comment.
Ned Hall: There's some legacy hedges, a small amount of hedges that are still rolling through. But just based on the lack of availability of hedges that make sense having to continue to hedge. And the rail transport agreements are not long term.
Ned Hall: The timing on the decision as we've already stated, as you stated, is to get it done this year with the indicatives due on the near term. The facility does have a six-month debt service reserve available so that, that will assist with cash flow and also is sitting on significant cash at this point based on positive results from last year with its hedges. But we had a dividend block in place for the coverages. The timing on -- We think we can get the process run, but obviously without hedges and without additional cash that's in the business. But obviously, it's very volatile at the moment. There's a lot of movement as you're well aware in commodity prices, and that changes day-to-day. So we obviously watch that, and we'll adjust accordingly.
Ned Hall: There's probably a very detailed answer to the collateral that I won't be able to give at this point, but we can provide later. But the banks are collateralized by the assets at Cayuga and Somerset and the cash flows out of the remaining businesses. The tax recapture will obviously be dependent upon the individual owners, including us, but I can't comment on the others or even us at this point. But that will obviously be a complication when it comes to the lease. And I certainly would agree with your statement that the lease complicates this significantly as we step through the process.
Ned Hall: The business has the cash it needs at the moment to do what it needs to do in terms of being able to sell power forward on a short-term basis and buy coal. So that would be the plan when the LCs expire is to use the cash that the businesses have.
