Andrés Gluski: Thanks Tom. Before we take your questions, let me summarize today's call. Our performance year-to-date puts us on track to achieve our 2018 guidance. We are well positioned to achieve investment grade credit metrics in 2019. Our 5.7 gigawatt backlog of long term contracted projects will enable us to achieve our key objectives of profitable growth and greening the portfolio.  We expect to generate substantial amounts of discretionary cash from 2018 through 2020, which we will deploy consistent with our capital allocation framework and we remain confident in our ability to deliver on our 8% to 10% average annual growth in adjusted EPS and parent free cash flow through 2020.  Operator, we are ready to take your questions. 
Andrés Gluski: Sure, well we aren't in any formal negotiations yet with the government. As I’ve said in the past, an issue was raised with the European Commission regarding illegal state aid. It hasn't been declared as such, but you know both sides are expected to begin negotiations sometime in the future. As I’ve said, we have a very strong contract. We're being paid on time. Bulgaria is an investment grade country; it's growing and the situation of our uptick or NEK continues to improve. So really you know it's very too early to say when this will come out. And as I said you know, we have a good contract and we will defend our interests. The plant is needed in Bulgaria, so you know we will keep you informed of this in terms of sort of how this would affect our future.  You know we do have contingencies in our numbers and we have to see where this turns out. There are a range of outcomes and we don’t have a satisfactory outcome. Obviously arbitration is a possibility. So sort of stay tuned. There will be more information as it’s happening. We really don't have much more to report than we did on the prior call. 
Andrés Gluski: Well Ali, we will update you on that after are – on our fourth quarter call. I think what we are showing here is that we do have a very robust pipeline of projects, and that as we continue to growth the renewable pipeline as to develop competitive advantages of scale and of combinations of technology, I expect this pipeline to continue. So I can't really give you any specific number, but I think that as time passes, I think you're seeing the robustness of the pipeline, the many opportunities that we have and that you know how fast we grow will depend on making sure that we have attractive returns on that growth.  I would add that you know besides just megawatts, we have other projects such as the LNG and it's not only the regasification terminal that we should be inaugurating within 10 days officially in Panama, but we also have the eastern gas pipeline in the Dominican Republic. So we have some businesses which are growing in addition to just the megawatts. 
Andrés Gluski: Well, I think as you know Tom and I said, I mean we're on track to hit our numbers and sometimes tax rates can be a little bit lumpy for us, because it depends on where the earnings came from specifically. So we really – I wouldn't read too much into a sort of a one quarter tax rate and you know we really planned for the year. 
Andrés Gluski: Yeah NGOs, so to put this in context you know, we will be on looking for opportunity to leverage our equity, by bringing in lower cost capital partners. So you know whether that be a partial sell down in different assets, that allows us to use our equity towards higher returns us, for example development and then putting into operation plants and then once they are up and operating if we can get lower cost capital, then that's what we will do.  So you know over the last years we've raised quite a lot of capital by selling assets, and let's say reinvesting some of that capital in higher return projects. So this is you know right on our strategy, so expect more of that. 
Andrés Gluski: You know, as I see that really when we don't have any cliffs in 2021, actually we have a lot of assets coming online in 2020. So you know I would just say that the momentum, you know 2021 should be a good year, because that's when all these assets will be online and you know that includes things like the energy storage, 400 megawatt hours of energy storage coming online in Southland.  In terms of cliff, we really you know – the only – we have contracts falling off at AES Gener in 2023 and that's only half of the contracts. So Gener is you know pretty much fully contracted through 2023, so know we don't see a cliff in 2021. 
Andrés Gluski: … Cash power they’ve signed 1.2 and all our numbers are AC year-to-date, so most of those projects have not yet started construction. They will shortly like the big Microsoft-Apple project and Virginia will start construction next quarter, so it's not right. 
Andrés Gluski: Yeah, and Julien don't forget that 50% of this is outside the U.S. and they were mainly C&I customers, you know investment grade, dollar contract, long term dollar contracts. So it’s a mix of things, and again to the extent that we can bring in partner equity or sell down, you know that also improves our returns. 
Andrés Gluski: Okay. Well, I think that you know first of all what we're doing in Panama is replicating what we've done successfully in the Dominican Republic. So in the Dominican Republic we have the very nice business of selling to industrials and transportation LNG at our facility. So we have those capabilities built into the Panama project already.  Now it will take some time for the Panama Central American market to develop. Now we have a strategic alliance with ENGIE to market our gas from these two facilities and they can create products for clients, for example, that are offset some of the risks of having – you know competing with diesel or competing with heavy fuel oil for clients to sign up for long term gas contract.  So in Panama what we are saying is basically the 22 tera Btus will be used by the plant, our plant coming online. There are more plants in the area that could be converted and would require the construction of some gas pipelines. We are fully capable of you know again, discharging from the LNG from that plant as well. So that’s a market that’s going to take some time to develop as it has in the Dominican Republic.  Now, in the Dominican Republic we have a very significant growth with the building of the Eastern gas pipeline that's about 12 tera Btus and the offtakers Barrick. So again, investment-grade, offtakers for its mines and it's basically converting its generation at those mines to gas. There is also potential for you know transportation in that area. So once that eastern gas pipelines is built, there is a lot of other potential diesel plants and heavy fuel plants and transportation that could be converted.  So it’s taking a successful business case from the Dominican Republic replicating it in Central America. So the Panamanian market is very attractive, but you know we could also use it as a hub to deliver gas into other Central American countries, such as Honduras.
Andrés Gluski: I would say in this Dominican Republic we probably have another 15 tera Btus, 20 tera Btus to go, because that’s a 80 tera But tank, so that would be the world about 60. So it gives an idea of how we can fill it up. Now again, it's very attractive to do tolling and which is what we do without taking any commodity risk on these projects. You know longer term we have mentioned in the past we have a potential very large similar project in Vietnam. So that would be more sort of a 2023 project. 
Andrés Gluski: Well you know AES Gener is doing sort of a restructuring program of its asset, and so it’s sold a gas peaking plant and it solid the transmission assets we think for you know attractive prices, and it’s used those proceeds to pay down debt.  So it’s you know similar, let’s say to what AES has done and in terms of we’ve sold assets that we think are more valuable to others and non-core assets and taken those funds and used the delver the company, so it’s very similar. 
Andrés Gluski: Well, I think again we’re within our range. I would say you know this is on our strategy of greening our portfolio. Remember we’ll also be selling down some assets, you know as we’ve been doing so you have the give and take.  But basically the way I think about this, the overall arching theme here is really derisking. So in derisking we're going towards a you know more longer term contracts, more dollar contracts, less construction risks, because they are more individual small projects rather than large projects and you know we obviously have a contingency in our numbers and so you know stay updated, but basically this is very positive news.  I think that if you notice, the chart we put up for the returns on renewables in the U.S. increased and we had a 10% average IRA up to 11 you know and we think we’ll continue to make progress there. So you know overall I think the news is very good and the way to think about is it our portfolio continues to be less risky you know and then the portfolio in the past and it’s you know in line with an investment grade company. 
Andrés Gluski: Yeah, I mean the answer is yes. I mean again we are quite conservative on our terminal values on our growth prospects. So when we bought it, if you recall, on our earnings call we were talking about 500 megawatts of year of signed PPAs and obviously we've done better. You know at the same time you know we were hitting our return criteria and finding ways to improve that. So I would say overall it’s a good start 
Andrés Gluski: Well, I think a better way to phrase it Steve might be that we were conservative. You know we were hoping for this. But on the other hand we were conservative and saying you know what is a you know P95 and that’s what we were talking about, so you know we're very pleased with it.  You know we are also very pleased with our distributed energy unit. It’s doing you know probably three to four times the business we had originally anticipated when we bought that business. So you know, this in generally we've been conservative and likewise we’re also being very conservative about terminal values when we calculate our returns. 
Andrés Gluski: Yeah Steve, generally we are not – we are using tax equity. We expect to continue to use tax equity for the next couple years, but from an earnings standpoint PPC dos come through via tax equity to our earnings and then ITC does help buy a tax equity in the initial couple of years for solar.
Andrés Gluski: We had one pipeline in the Dominican Republic, going from Andres to out DTP facility. So this would be you know getting us to a larger market, because it’s not only within Santo Domingo, it's going to the east where there is a....
Andrés Gluski: Basically you know I would say we're not getting into the pipeline business. I mean if a pipeline is needed for example in Panama to a specific demand, maybe like there's a couple plants within say a 10 mile radius, then we will we will build it, but it’s very much tied to the facility. So we're not going to build a separate pipelines that aren't sort of helping us realize the value, you know the value that our storage and reclassification has. So it will be very linked to that. We're not getting into the pipeline business otherwise.
Andrés Gluski: I think we’ll use our capital allocation framework and we’ll keep you updated and we’ll have to see. But I think again, what Tom was saying, we've been able I think to do a number of very good sale of assets, of non-core assets and part of that is that you know we really had the financial flexibility to wait until the timing was right and get the right deal going forward. So becoming investment grade is I think will give us even greater financial flexibility and make us more robust for any changes in capital markets. 
Andrés Gluski: Well definitely as I said you know, we're reducing risk and part of that is greening the portfolio. We think that’s part of our risk reduction program. That's also quite frankly in some markets where the demand is. You know if you want to get new PPAs in the U.S. market and its heavily weighted towards renewables.  Now we do see a transition. We do think that having the existing conventional assets gives us an advantage, because you know renewables are energy, but they are really not capacity. So the two ways to get to capacity is you can either put in battery and that's great because you can sell a lot of batteries, but that you're talking about hundreds of billions of dollars globally would have to be invested.  And in the transition you can use your existing plant, be it hydro, gas or coal and actually some of the green blend of extent we're seeing has very interesting possibilities, which is a combination of you know low cost energy from renewables [inaudible] combined with the capacity of the coal plant for example in some markets or gas plants. So, you know what do I think of the next five years? Well, we’ll be leading that transition in many markets. We’ll continue to be leading in the new technologies, whether it be combining solar storage or quite frankly combining the solar with conventional as well. We hope to be a leader in the market as well. 
Andrés Gluski: In this case I mean mostly it’ll be total length, so it would be a very big facility and that would be – there are several trenches of combined cycle gas plants that go with that. So you know at this stage you know I think that yeah that the possibility exists. You know we have a MOU signed with Petro Vietnam and it would have to be really what their policy is at that point. So that’s ways off as I said. That would be more like a 2023 project. 
Tom O’Flynn: Yeah, and Ali its Tom. We pointed out that last year our earnings will shape the same. We tend to have third quarter and fourth quarter are historically strong for us. So this is consistent with where we started the year. 
Tom O’Flynn: Well, you know I think, thinking of sort of our growth rate, I would make some mentions. You know one is sPower obviously it’s a big contributor. We are also doing very well in our distributed energy business, it’s smaller, but it's also a big contributor to this.  Overall about 50% of our renewables growth is wind more less, 50% is solar, 50% is U.S., 50% is outside, so we have a very robust wide portfolio. So you know I think that you know again, we’ll talk about our longer term projections. But as you mentioned, there is – we’re a portfolio, we have a number of things going on, so you know we feel uncomfortable about hitting our numbers for this year and we feel comfortable with our guidance to 2020 of 8% to 10% growth. 
Tom O’Flynn: Yeah Angie, it’s Tom. Yeah, we have mentioned in the past that we, after closing sPower we did get some inbounds on buying some piece of operating assets. We continue to see if that's a an opportunity. That would be something that would fit into our asset sale piece, the 1.2 versus $2 billion, so the $800 million to go. We'll see and continue to think about those opportunities in conjunction with our partner income.  But those are really sell downs of partial pieces of operating assets. Obviously the front side of the business, the growth development side, we want to keep that driving forward as it is, and if we did things like that, that’s probably we’ll continue to be the operator, owner-operator-manager, which is also adding value as they are now. By year end they’ll be self-operating in the solar, about 85% of their facilities, which is adding some incremental margin on the upside. 
Tom O’Flynn: Those are fair for ROE’s and probably if I was going to use the cadence, I’d use 300 to 400 and those are reasonable for ROE’s. Some of them are a little bit – it depends on the region. Some of them are a little more near term ROE beneficial and some are a little more sloped. But as a portfolio those IR’s are pretty reflected in those ROE’s. 
Tom O’Flynn: More broadly. And more broadly -- no quite frankly we're not much affected if at all. I would say a first the biggest one year you could mention sort of NAFTA negotiations in Mexico. Remember that our strategy has been to contract long term dollars with private sector. So you know we're really not seeing any effect in any of our markets directly. If you're talking about solar panels in the U. S., both sPower and our distributed energy you know have sufficient panels on contract and on attractive terms for ‘18 and ’19. So we're well positioned and quite frankly some of the uncertainty favor I think the bigger players such as us.
Tom O’Flynn: Yeah, it’s Tom I don’t think we’ll change our basic philosophy of having our subsidiaries, be it standalone, nonrecourse entity. As you know most of those entities are investment grade rated or investment grade structures in the event of not going to investment grade countries. DPL has recently become investment grade. So I don’t think we’ll change – and the changes you said would not help us from a – structural change, like that would not help us from the US tax perspective. But in general we feel the shift to investment grade we think will help – when we primarily focused on it for our equity valuation, I don’t think it’s going to change. There are a lot of things that we cannot do today, but we will able to do. I feel quite comfortable with our financial flexibility as we stand today and the best part is [inaudible] support and demonstration of approving this profile. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, thank you for the time. I wanted to follow up a little bit on Angie’s direction for questioning. Can you elaborate a little bit on the equity investments that you intend to make in the renewable segment just to make sure we're clear about this.  I think I heard you say for instance in ‘21 that you're going to put about $150 million in that specific project here. (A) Is that a good cadence of the capital, and (B) historically we think about maybe low to mid-teens returns on these kinds investment. Is that basically to say that perhaps that’s equal to $0.02 to $0.03 of earnings accretion based off of that investment or is it maybe a little bit lower than that just given the return profile of contracted sellers. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Let me be clear about this, just a little clear. So you know basically the thought process is 300 to 350 a year in cadence and you're saying low double digits. Is that an IRR or is that an ROE in the current year? i.e., should we take say the mid-point of that, say 300 to 400, 350; put say a low teens ROE on that to kind of get a sense for what the earnings contribution is, say about a nickel or so. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Slide 50 talks about global renewables. That's a separate investment bucket for equity contributions than the…
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: This is a slightly different cut of that, right? $300 million to $400 million and then right now you've got $136 million actively invested, but this is the 136… [Cross Talk]
Steve Fleishman: Yeah, good morning. A couple of quick questions; first any risks you are needing to manage from the tariff trade war issues. 
Steve Fleishman: Okay, good, and then just in terms of – so it sounds like the kind of accelerated renewables investment is already embedded in your 8% to 10% growth rate for 2020, that’s correct. 
Steve Fleishman: Any expansion of the growth is more, because you are just seeing a lot more opportunities at your returns than you initially expected. Is that…
Lasan Johong: Thank you. Great call. I love the clarity, so I appreciate it, thank you very much. But I got a few questions (A) Andrés, the pipeline business in Dominican Republic, is that going to be a – is that one a one off project or is this something that you guys want to delve into more deeply on a more broader basis. 
Lasan Johong: No, I understand that, but – I apologize for interrupting. I understand that, but is pipeline going to be another investment vehicle going forward or is this going to be on a one off basis depending on the need for a particular project. 
Lasan Johong: Great! On the investment grade rating, once you change investment grade rating, it kind of frees up a lot of issues that were kind of handcuffs if you will in past transactions. So is it possible at that point to bring some businesses up to the current level. Say for example DPL and IPL could be at the parent levels to insure for example that the interest expense reductions are not limited at the parent level, something like that or are there any other structural changes you would make with the changes in the investment grade rating. 
