Andres Gluski: Yes, sure. Brian, first, replacement power costs have been very high in Panama with the high oil prices. And basically, as you know, we have AES Panama, which is a -- as you correctly pointed out, is half owned by the Panamanian government and half owned by us. So basically, you have 2 things. One, you have that the Estí power plant, the -- you had a collapse in the tunnel, and we stopped -- we had to stop using the hydro plant while repairs are made, which will conclude early next year. And then also, we had certain contracts for Changuinola as well. So basically both are not in operations, and we're having to buy power in the market. But I think, as it's been pointed out, we have business interruption at Estí, and we also have these insurance claims will come -- also the claims for the repair work. And after the close, we've already started to receiving some of the insurance payments, which are not reflected in these results.
Andres Gluski: For this year, it's basically going to be a wash, in terms of all the insurance claims, the business interruptions and the cost of these things.
Andres Gluski: Let me go ahead and take first the Eletropaulo tariff reset. And what we are, we really don't have that much of an update to say versus what we've said in the past. They came out in the -- ANEEL came out with a proposal, which was quite draconian, and ABRADEE has, therefore, been negotiating with the ANEEL. And this has been moving in the direction, we think, it'll -- because it's more in the middle. So of course, as you know, the WACC was lowered to about 9.95%. Their proposal was 7.15%. I think we'll end up somewhere in the range around 7.5% to 7.8%. Other things is the X factor, in terms of how volume growth, can the company take advantage of that. And then in terms of the regulatory asset base, again, the issue is how much of the sort of forward-looking CapEx that you're going to spend can be included in that. So you have those different components, I would say that it's, no, going to be not 100% where we were before, but less draconian than what the initial proposal had been.
Andres Gluski: Oh, yes. I think basically, as you know, in Kilroot, the Irish electricity authority decided to end the PPA. It was their -- in their power to do so, and it's basically a capacity play. And you have a seasonal adjustment there on -- in terms of Kilroot, and Ballylumford is performing very well.
Andres Gluski: Sure. I mean, basically, Brazil, I mean, the energy demand is growing at 3%. They have a lot of various infrastructure projects underway, specifically the buildout of the oil and gas sector. It's been a big -- and positive. Given what we know today, we have no reason to change it. We continue to see good growth in the markets like Chile and Colombia. But I would say that the things that could change that would be a drop in commodity prices, to some extent, but that's true of most of the regions in the world. So basically, I'd say our views continue unchanged, and as Victoria stated in her statements, we have seen strong growth in most of those markets.
Paul Hanrahan: Yes. Just one thing I'll mention on the Eletropaulo. The way things are ending up, as Andres said, it's consistent with how we were thinking about the world when we gave our guidance back in the Investor Day. So from that perspective, we don't see it coming out very differently than we had otherwise.
Paul Hanrahan: We really can't comment on the Solar process, because it's something we and our partner are thinking through what we do with that business. But I'd say generally, we are always going to be open to transact at values that makes sense. And I think we've looked at Wind, in terms of going back a couple years, could we take that public, could we sell down to a partner. So we'll continue to look at all those options, but it's really going to come from -- I mean, there's no need to divest those. We think they're good businesses. But to the extent that there's strong interest and we can get good value for the businesses, we'd take a look at that. I'd say, what we've seen though, just generically, is that if you look at any of those business, particularly renewable space, very little value being given to development, but yet high value is being given to the operating assets. So if we were to look at something like this, it could also take the shape of us thinking about divesting some of the operating assets and getting some low-cost capital there. In many cases, we're talking about people have expectations of single-digit rates return, and we keep the development and continue to move those forward, because that's really -- if we can be investing at routine returns and then selling them down at single-digit returns, that's not a bad business for us.
Paul Hanrahan: I think we -- with the board, if I remember correctly, we had about $500 million. We bought back about $150 million -- $198 million. So we got about $300 million left in that authorization. And I think under our various debt restrictions, we've probably got a little bit more room than that, maybe another $200 million on top of that.
Paul Hanrahan: No, I mean, I don't think so. But let me, Andres, who spends a lot of time there and has been there recently, he might provide a perspective. It's his view.
Paul Hanrahan: Victoria will shoot me for answering, but I feel pretty good about it. I think there's probably some upside to that, as we look into it. we're pushing really hard to get there. So I feel very confident that we can get to those levels and probably beat them.
Paul Hanrahan: We've been talking about it at the board level. I think what we feel pretty confident about now is its -- in today's environment, with everything we have going on, we're probably not in a position with our debt levels, debt servicing, in a position where we could start paying a dividend. But if we look out, say, by 2013, we're starting to get to levels where we'd probably have enough room or we could, if we wanted to, issue a dividend. We'd have more flexibility then. And I think we'll keep talking about that. But the one thing we do sense is that the investors today currently value yield, and we have a -- we have some very high yielding assets. And we're just trying to think about well, how do we take advantage of that. But clearly, a number of our investors have been pushing very hard for dividend. I think we could be paying a dividend. I think as we get to 2013, we probably are generating enough cash where we can be investing in new projects, paying a dividends. I think when we couple that with asset sales as we move out of the markets that aren't the focus markets, that will even give us greater capacity to be making growth investments and basically trading out of assets with -- and selling them to people who have lower yield requirements, then reinvesting it at higher returns. So I think we'll be talking about that a lot more next year, but you shouldn't expect anything, clearly not this year and probably not next year. Let's say 2013 is a time frame where it becomes very possible to do something.
Paul Hanrahan: I think it's pretty clear, but -- all I would say to your question is that -- that is, everything you said, we agree with completely, that I think what's clear is that because we are not paying a dividend, that is causing some people to not buy -- or I should say there's a high demand for dividend-paying stocks, particularly companies like us. And having the ability to do that is something we think would materially potentially increase the value of the company. And we think we can get there. The second part is because we have companies that are trading at relatively good price, relative to the parent, there's potential arbitrage there. Some of these are publicly traded. We've got the ability to do some things there. So that's -- that does give us the ability to think about, from a portfolio management standpoint, does that give us the source of funds that makes sense. So I think everything you said, I would agree with.
Paul Hanrahan: Yes, definitely a change of pace between the stock above $13 and the stock at $10.75, yes, definitely a change of pace.
Paul Hanrahan: Yes, I think that's continuing. I don't know all the details, but the process continues with one of the bidders. And I can't provide a lot more detail on that. But as we get to a certain point where we can, we'll certainly disclose that to the market.
Paul Hanrahan: Okay. Well, thanks, operator. Before we end the call, I'd just like to reiterate a couple of the key points that we discussed. One, our second quarter earnings grew over the first quarter. They were in line with our expectations, and we are on track to achieve the full year guidance. And our pending acquisition of DPL is progressing smoothly, and we remain confident it's going to close in the fourth quarter this year or in the first quarter of 2012.  I thank all of you for joining us on the call today and for your attention, and we look forward to talking to you in the not-too-distant future. Thanks.
