Andres Ricardo Gluski: This year. So we're jumping -- it's coming up to about $0.11 next year. This year, what happened is it wasn't, it ran at not the full commissioning amount, and so now that it's fully commissioned, then it's going to start receiving the full payments.
Andres Ricardo Gluski: Sure. I mean, I think the big ones, it's a combination of many things. I mean, at the one hand, we're talking about having a run rate reduction on cost savings side of around $0.04 to $0.05. And then the big ones, of course, being Maritza is $0.11. Then you have Angamos in Chile, which is 518 megawatts. Fully contract, that's around $0.05 as well. And then you have Changuinola coming on in Panama, which is around $0.02. And also, we have the, let's say, completion of the repairs of Estí, which was out for most of 2011. So those are sort of the big moving pieces there.
Andres Ricardo Gluski: Sure. Well, as I said on the call, first, the timing. In the timing, we want to announce it now to give transparency in terms of what are our plans for the year. But we want to first complete the acquisition of DP&L. We also want to have some time of running the new projects, which we've mentioned, to have them online, to have those consistent cash flows. And we think then would be the right time, starting at the end of the third quarter, to start paying a dividend. So that's the first, let's say, thought process about why announce it today and why the third quarter, why not for example the second quarter. So we have a number of important projects that we want to complete, and we'll be acting very prudent in this respect. In terms of whether it will grow over time, as we mentioned, we will look at our operating results. We will look at our credit profile, and we will look on what's going on in the external market, which includes many factors. So that's our approach at this point, and we think it's an important first step for AES.
Andres Ricardo Gluski: I think the reason we mentioned it on this call is really the passage of time. We’ve been talking for a long time about Eastern Energy. We continue to think that we will complete or fail. We really have until the first quarter of next year, but we didn't want to -- we just wanted to highlight that if it didn't, this could be the impact from it. And of course, we're looking at other alternatives, as we always have. But we believe that we will close that within the time period that we've given. But we just wanted to say, if it didn't, this would be the effect.
Andres Ricardo Gluski: Okay. I think in terms of -- if you look at the amount, I think an important element that we're considering is subsidiary distributions. So if you look at the growth of our subsidiary distributions, they have grown from about $1 billion, have been for many years to this year being about $1.25 billion. And we're projecting the midpoint about $1.5 billion next year. But I think that sort of puts it in context $120 million in terms of our total subsidiary distributions. We do have certain, say, restrictions under our debt covenants in terms of how much cash we can use for things like dividends or share buybacks. And this is normally in the range of around $400 million to $500 million. So that’s, I would say, one of the constraints that we have there. But in general, I think this is an amount that we feel comfortable if you compare it to the subsidiary distributions from our big core companies, whether it be a Gener, whether it be a DP&L, whether it be an IPL, it's, we think, the right amount. And we also have to take into consideration with what is offshore, onshore in terms of other tax considerations. So all in all, this is a, we think, sustainable dividend. It's a good place to start, and I think that the timing’s right.
Andres Ricardo Gluski: What I said -- as you will have noted from what we've said, we had a more aggressive, let's say, share repurchase program in the last couple of months. What I'd say in terms of going forward that we will look at the market volatility and really, no change in our policy there. But I do think that, again, a dividend represents a strong commitment and it's one that we have to, of course, maintain for the long run and, if anything, grow over time as the operations and our cash flows permit.
Andres Ricardo Gluski: Yes. Well, generally, what we've been talking about sort of core and non-core, it's been principally on a geographic basis. However, because the way I think we think of wind today, really, is as one more component of how we deliver energy to our clients and to networks. And so we think that's important. If you're in a country where you have renewable portfolio standards and the most efficient way of meeting that is by wind, we want to have that in our arsenal to meet those requirements. Solar is different in the sense that it really is a JV that we have with Riverstone. And it operates today quite independently, a sort of AES' portfolio strategy. So I wouldn't say that -- the way to think about it is geographically and this is one component of our capability. And that doesn't mean that if in some geography we don't think it's strategic or we get a very good price and it would make sense to, say, turn that money into more highly productive investment, we will. But I wouldn't start thinking about wind as a stand-alone, to be spun off. That's not where we're at today.
Andres Ricardo Gluski: I would say that, basically, we're not making a commitment to use the full $500 million of the authorization. On the other hand, if in the future we needed more authorization, that would not be a limit either.
Andres Ricardo Gluski: Yes. Let me -- if you look at our guidance for 2012, we have a significant step-up in our earnings. And we will have Investor Day later on in 2012, and I would sort of update the guidance that we've given in the past. But I think what's important is that with our sort of more focused strategy, we expect to have sort of higher hit rates in terms of development projects. We also think it will be more cost efficient because there'll be more platform expansions than in the past. But at this stage, what I'd say is we're confirming 2012 and we'll get back in terms of updating you some time in 2012.
Andres Ricardo Gluski: No. I'm not confirming or in the sense of denying this. What I'm saying is that given that we will have different projects into the future pipeline, and you know that these can be lumpy as well. We'll have to see exactly over what sort of time period. And in addition, one of the things that I have highlighted is asset sales. And so asset sales, it will depend on how quickly we redeploy that cash and how do we redeploy that cash. So that's why I'm hesitating a little bit here and saying, "You know, let us come to you and we'll see a little bit on how we progress on some of these key asset sales."
Andres Ricardo Gluski: Well, I think we looked very hard in terms of our renewable portfolio and specifically speaking, wind. There were a number of issues there. First, you had the tax equity, which essentially depresses earnings in the initial years and then you really do get a tremendous hockey stick in the outer years as that gets repaid. You had also the hypothetical liquidated book value, HLBV, issues, which also pushed down earnings at the beginning of the year. So it was somewhat of a skewed picture. I think what's most important is the sort of -- what sort of returns are we getting from these projects? Are they coming online? Some of the projects have had issues with curtailment. I think a lot of these have been solved. I mean, this is mostly in Bulgaria and in China. So overall, if you look at our portfolio, I think we've -- your past -- some of the projects are maturing out of the lease equity -- tax equity, sorry, time period. And also, if you look at going forward in the U.S., you have more investment tax credits and things like that, that will upfront the earnings relative to our initial projects.
Andres Ricardo Gluski: Okay. First, as you know, in both IPL and DPL, we're quite well positioned in terms of how our plants are scrubbed versus the other plants in the market. And we have, of course, a good idea, I think, in terms of what the CapEx would be required to meet some of the new environmental regulations. I'd like to ask Ned to add some comments to that.
Andres Ricardo Gluski: I think the key point here is it would be to sum up a smaller plant. We don't see it having a major effect on our generation capacity.
Andres Ricardo Gluski: Yes, I'll pass this off to Ned. I really don't think there's much that we can comment on it other to say that the approval process is proceeding smoothly and that we really don't see any major hiccups in the process, but I don't think we can give any opinions past that.
Andres Ricardo Gluski: Okay. Well, with that, we'd like to thank everybody for having called in. I'll turn it over to Joel.
Victoria D. Harker: Gregg, this is Victoria. What we've done is to the extent that we can from a U.S. GAAP standpoint, which means we've had to back out certain of the regulatory assets we have reserved against the delta, we believe will be the lower amount for the tariff once it's finalized. It's about 70% of that delta we expect will end up having to true up once it's finalized probably in early 2012, but we're still waiting to hear what that final amount is.
Victoria D. Harker: About $400 million to $430 million. And it has grown over time as our parent operating cash flow grows as well. So it's not -- like the cap that would move as our improved and base operations continue to generate more cash distributions to the parent.
Victoria D. Harker: We've assumed the same year-over-year. And so we would assume, for example, that TIPRA would be extended or the benefits that we saw this year. Obviously, that remains pending any legislative changes. We haven't yet updated for anything subsequent in terms of geographic shifts from portfolio changes. For example, we'll have to continue to look at that. And the rate is low 30s, 31%.
Ned Hall: Yes, Andres, I would just amplify what you said. Outside of IPL and DPL, certainly, our plants that have contracts or the few that are still remaining in the merchant are largely scrubbed for SO2 and NOx. So we're in pretty good shape as far as the Casper rules go from those facilities. IPL may have to actually make some investment. But there's clarity in how that would work. Obviously, as Andy steps into that role, he'll be dealing with that. But that investment would be anticipated to be recovered through rates as it is made. And DPL is actually in pretty good shape in terms of NOx and SOx requirements as well. So overall, I think we're feeling like we're in a good position.
Ned Hall: Beaver Valley is scrubbed and has NOx controls as does Warrior Run. The specifics, obviously, again, will depend on the economics as it plays out over time. Both have power purchase contracts that support them. There's growing concerns right now. And the long term, obviously, if costs increase for the allowances, could have an impact. But the near term, we're fine.
Ned Hall: FERC has it scheduled to decide by the 18th. And so we anticipate some progress there. And as you know, we filed with Public Utilities Commission of Ohio and that's all progressing on the natural course.
Ned Hall: No. We're dealing with regulatory process. So we don't want to be speculative. But everything is proceeding well.
