Andres Gluski: Thanks, Victoria. Last fall, we announced our plan to unlock shareholder value and I am pleased with our execution over the past 6 months. In 2011, we achieved or exceeded our guidance for our earnings and cash flow metrics. 2012 should be another good year as we expect to deliver 21% growth in adjusted EPS. Furthermore, we will use the multiple levers at our disposal to deliver on our average annual total return target of 8% to 10% from 2013 through 2015. We'll remain focused on executing on our business strategy and growing per-share cash flow in earnings in a disciplined way. I am very encouraged with the potential for growth that exists in our core markets. In addition, we are committed to strengthening our balance sheet and returning cash to shareholders through a dividend to be initiated later this year. I look forward to seeing many of you as we continue our investor outreach efforts over the next several months, including a visit to investors in London next month.  Operator, we will now open the line for questions.
Andres Gluski: Okay, Julien, in terms of the redeployment of cash, what we have done to date with the money we have received from the asset sales is to repay the revolver at the parent. So currently, we had used the revolver to help with the acquisition of DP&L. And currently, we only have a balance of around $50 million outstanding. In terms of the sort of organic opportunities, that's a very good question. We think that in our key markets and from our platforms, there are opportunities to make relatively small investments to help boost profitability, and we will be looking at these as well. And in terms of the buybacks, that will depend in debt buybacks or other buybacks -- it will be dependent in terms of when these monies come in. So I think the framework is very clear. Of course, any of these transactions have to go through FERC approval, so the timing of this is probably in the later half of the year.
Andres Gluski: Again, we're committing to this 8% to 10% and we feel very confident about it. The exact profile of that, we will update over time as we see things progress and that will include, of course, what assets we sell and what other sort of investments we've made, where do we redeploy that cash. Obviously, some uses will be more immediately accretive than others. So we'll get back to you that -- over time as things develop.
Andres Gluski: Well, I think they have different timelines. I think the fastest timeline would be the Cochrane project in the North. As you know, there's a very big expansion of a mining sector in Chile. People have talked about numbers of $50 billion of new investments coming into the mining sector. They will need energy and so, we are, right now, talking with various counterparties to see if we get the PPA. This is a -- basically, an Angamos 2 project, if you think about it. And we have the best track record in Chile of delivering plants on time. So we -- we're in a very strong position right now.
Andres Gluski: Regarding Masinloc 2, right now, we're quite advance in the permitting stage. The contracts that you were referring is with the big distribution group of Meralco in the Philippines that we're in sort of final process of closing those. So I would say that going forwards, to do a Masinloc 2, there's very strong demand for growth on Luzon, which is, really, this is the Luzon grid that we're talking about, and we think this is one of the projects that can come online fastest to meet that growing demand. But -- so right now, we're advancing with the permitting and we will be looking at contracting some of this event -- some of this capacity.
Andres Gluski: Yes. To answer the question, I mean, we feel very confident that TIPRA will be extended. We lived through this in 2010. So to realize, we will have to accrue it to higher tax rates until it gets actually passed and then we, of course, make the adjustments. But what would this mean for us? Well, basically, it would mean that if you had some major tax changes and you no longer have the subpart and TIPRA exemptions, then you would basically have to, I think, upstream less cash and use more of the cash locally to grow that way. So it's something that we've thought about very well and it's differing structuring opportunities. And we would do so, again, seeing what's going to happen here. But again, we feel quite confident that once again, TIPRA will be extended.
Andres Gluski: We would have to come back to you at that time and see what are the changes that are made. And as Victoria said, probably, from sort of the baseline, where we are today would be the $0.12 and then we would have to have mitigations and we would have to see what's the timing of those mitigations for 2012.
Andres Gluski: Okay. Let me answer sort of the multiple questions if I remember them all. First, starting from the growth rate, from, again, 2013 through 2015. So this is off the base of 2012, which already has grown 21%. So starting from that base, our assumption is that our -- that we are using 50-50 debt paydown and share repurchases. That's what we've modeled in there with some very sort of modest asset sales. Then the -- so then next question, sorry, which was...
Andres Gluski: Yes. And the second one about DP&L. What we're -- basically, the view is that we will be, again, filing in March. We'll have to see the outcome of that filing. I think if you look at the capacity of price auctions, these have improved for '14 and '15. So we think that probably '12 and '13 would be the 2 most difficult years at DP&L and then we see improvements after that.
Andres Gluski: Yes. I would say we're comfortable with at least that at this stage. And I would like to clarify that when I was talking about sort of the market -- more in line with the market, I was talking about the S&P, sort of the 2% range.
Andres Gluski: Yes. We've really chosen sort of the year end, that's what we've always done. And it has been moving back and forth. So we couldn't sort of up -- what is today's. But you're right, they have moved in the other direction since the end of the year.
Andres Gluski: Maybe, Andy, who's with us here and he's Chief Operating Officer of the Utilities, he should be able to answer.
Andres Gluski: No. No, I mean, basically, you were laying out that target, there's a lot of organic growth there. But if we do asset -- additional asset sales in line with what we have announced, again, there'll be lumpiness as Victoria had noted, between the sale and redeploying that cash in some instances. So I think we've played out in terms of what's the criteria we're going to use about redeploying that cash. We do think that -- what we're looking at now, we think, we'll get a much better sort of capital efficiency in terms of the NPV created for AES equity use and we really want to use those -- our ability, where we have either trapped cash, cash on hand or unused leverage at the local level. All of these ways is really a way of leveraging even more AES returns.
Andres Gluski: Sure. I mean, we've been quite careful about we announce. Obviously, our primary focus is to sell well and to optimize our operations until the sale. What we -- what is out there is we're selling all of our China assets and I think that's out there as well. And what we consider non-core, I mean, or, let's say, nonstrategic, I think the real key is, do we have a compelling competitive advantage or can we get one? Because we may be in some new markets, we just started. Now, where we think we'll get to have to be really -- the size and the scale and the diversity to have an advantage in that market. But when we see that we can't have that, we will sell. So take the 2 gas plants that we sold in the U.S., those are plants that were contracted for a long time and we really felt that we could better redeploy that cash and increase our shareholders' reserves. So that's sort of the view. I mean, if you look at the sale of the telecoms in Brazil, we really thought that the market had peaked. If we wanted to stay in that market, it would require very significant investments. That's not one of our -- telecoms is not a core market for us. So we will sell out. The long-term view is to simplify our portfolio and that also feeds into our cost reduction targets here in terms of corporate overhead and cost of goods sold. But we have to do it in a prudent manner. We really don't want to go and have a fire sale of markets – some markets have been quite depressed. But we've been, I think, very effective at executing well on sales like in Cartagena in Spain.
Andres Gluski: Okay. I think both are doing well. So let's start up with Maritza. With me is Ned Hall, our COO role for the Generation Groups and give a little update on what's happening in Maritza.
Andres Gluski: It's going well. I mean, there was even a coal miners strike in the midst of the winter in Bulgaria. We produced fully through out it. I think our Maritza operations are going well and we're getting paid. And now we're getting Panama, I'd like Andy to sort of give you update on some of, let's say, the repairs at Estí and just the general Panamanian markets.
Andres Gluski: No. Not really. I think we're -- again, what I would report is that our relationship with BNDES is very good, and that we're really working hand-in-glove together and I think nothing succeeds like success. So I think that they have seen their investment and Braziliana is probably one of their best and they have received a lot of cash back through the sale of Atimus. So I think that's -- nothing new to report. But I would say that we feel very much -- that we have a good working relation with BNDES in terms of working together to create more value there.
Andres Gluski: What does that mean? Well, that means that that's one the focuses we have in terms of seeing how we can structure things differently to have better earnings from that invested portfolio right now.
Andres Gluski: And, Carlos, what I think is important is that we're really looking at just reducing expenditures in terms of the classification, some of it might cost of goods sold, et cetera. So what we're counting on is we are targeting $50 million for this year, and by the end of next year, we're having another $50 million. So if you thought of sort of the base of 2011, actually, you'll have a run rate of about $100 million.
Andres Gluski: Well, again, I think that the key -- when we say core, those are our largest markets, that's what our primary focus will be. If you look at the value of those -- basically, Gener, which includes Colombia as well, Brazil and the U.S., about 70% of the value of AES, so that's where our focus is going to be on. So you're right, I mean, we do have projects underway in places like Turkey and we have to see how this flow, let's say, develops. Do we really develop a compelling competitive advantage? In the case of the Philippines, we're very well positioned. We have been very successful in that market and we expect that we can add on to there and we have some of these other opportunities like in India. But you're right in the sense that our focus is going to on expanding platforms. We will execute on these other -- these upper growth markets that we have. We don't plan to enter any new markets that haven't been announced to date.
Andres Gluski: I think, Raymond, as is also seen, our paper tends to trade better than our credit rating. And the other -- over time, as we do these portfolio, let's say, sales of certain assets and growth and others, I also think that our -- the quality of our cash flow continues to improve.
Andres Gluski: This is what we're saying over the medium term, yes. Today, we're talking about double-B. And I think, again, we expect to be trading better than that, but we also think it's -- the general perception of risk of AES. Okay, with that, I want to thank everybody for being on the call, and the questions and I would like to turn it over to Ahmed.
Victoria D. Harker: In the baseline, that's not to say we won't use cash for those purposes once it's available and on hand. But in the baseline set of ranges that I spoke to, that is not assumed as an uplift.
Victoria D. Harker: Yes. See, right now, our current projections, which are still being assessed since, obviously, we are just only a month or so into operating DP&L. So the remainder of the $0.05 to $0.07 that we had assumed, the $0.03 down for the commodity prices is -- probably puts us another $0.04 or below in terms of customer churn and rate erosion that we've seen. That said, obviously, the team has just gotten underway in terms of their efforts on the retail side, so we're continuing to assess that. But embedded in the baseline plan, we have it at 0 to slightly dilutive.
Victoria D. Harker: The question, pull [ph] on this, as we have talked about in the past, is that, obviously, that part of income comes from the Latin American, the countries Argentine, Brazil and Chile predominantly. So as we look at mitigation strategies, as we go into the latter half of this year, we could choose to make other decisions relative to repatriation of cash and using it for investment locally, which will obviously have some other flow-through impacts from a parent operating cash flow and use of funds standpoint. So my point was to layout what's assumed in the baseline. If we took no further mitigation actions, it would have a $0.12 full-year impact. As we go further into the year, we're obviously accruing, assuming it is going to occur and then we will take those actions as we see fit later on this year.
Victoria D. Harker: Debt paydown versus share buyback, it depends on, obviously, the asset-sale proceeds and amounts that we received and the timing, that we've essentially modeled as a convention of 50-50 split between share buyback and debt paydown.
Victoria D. Harker: Yes, this is -- Gregg, this is Victoria. I think the -- our view right now is somewhere in the $0.05 to $0.06 range for the combination of the 2. That was as of year end and we'll obviously continue to update that, as we go through the year, with other factors along with commodities, as well as currencies.
Victoria D. Harker: Yes. We had a change in income mix between the 2 years relative, as well as an evaluation allowance release in Brazil at the end of 2011. So that naturally improved 2011 on a one-time basis.
Victoria D. Harker: And we have taken the metrics that you're looking at, assume that we will continue along the path of the $100 million reduction program, which is $100 million by the exit of 2013. So the $50 million that I had referred to, we will be generating over the span of 2012, and then another $50 million will be coming online after that.
Victoria D. Harker: Yes. And we were -- just to be clear, I wasn't referring to maturities. We were talking about the expected use of cash, whether it be organic cash in the businesses or asset sale proceeds, depending on the timing of when those occur using $500 million for debt paydowns in the relative near-term, so over the span of 2012 and then into '13. So the sign of maturity driven is the use cash, where we think that, that would be an improvement to our credit metrics, obviously, reducing interest costs as well. In terms of the ratios that we look at in terms of coverage, we have historically been in sort of the 3.5x to 4.5x, but we've got slightly higher than that in terms of DP&L acquisition when we raised about $2 billion. And so far, the intent is to debt paydown to get back to roughly that same 3.5x to 4.5x debt-to-cash ratio.
