Andrés Gluski: Thank you, Gustavo. Before we take your questions, let me close today’s call by saying that we remain very confident in achieving our guidance for 2020 and growth rates through 2022, attaining a second investment grade rating before year end and realizing our decarbonization goals to meet Norges Bank’s threshold by the end of the year. At the same time, we continue to make progress on the point innovative technologies that we believe will give us a competitive edge in today’s rapidly evolving and growing market. With that, I would like to open up the call to your questions.
Andrés Gluski: Yeah. Okay. Let’s put this into two objects, the first half and Gustavo can take the second half. Look, we feel confident that we are going to hit our numbers. We feel very good. We have a lot of good things happening. We are still, I think, all of us in uncharted territories. This has to play out through the second half of the year. I think our business model has demonstrated its resilience. I think very importantly both earnings and cash, our accounts receivable are very much in line from where they were last year. So we feel good about it and we have a lot of positive things, but there is some uncertainty. So we -- what we are saying is, we feel very confident we will hit these numbers and the model is resilient and let’s see what plays out in the second half of the year. With that, I will pass it over to Gustavo to talk a little bit about asset sales.
Andrés Gluski: Sure. Look we have a, I think, a very good track record in Brazil of creating values in our separate company, if you think of the sale of Fluence, sale of Eletropaulo, of the sale of our telecom Angamos. So what we are doing here is, we -- BNDS [ph] wanted to sell part of its shares. So by buying BNDS’ shares we go from 24% ownership to around 43% ownership. This will allow us to list AES Gener on the novel Mercado. In the novel Mercado generally companies trade at a 10%, 20% premium versus where they trade on ordinary listing, say in Brazil you have your preferred shares, which actually don’t have a vote and receive a 10% dividend, then you have normal ordinary shares, which have votes. So our shares and BNDS’ shares are ordinary shares. So what we see here is an upgrade of the company, in terms of its market listing, in terms of who can invest in the company and we are able to go to novel Mercado, because now we own a much larger percentage of the company. So with one share one vote we still control this company. I say furthermore you might have seen there the Tietê is actually the good platform for growth. It has now almost 4 gigawatts or 100% renewable energy and we have been able to do some very innovative things there. So in terms of our big strategy it makes sense as well. So it makes sense from me money point of view, because we are buying it accretive. We are --it’s accretive at these prices. Second, I would say that, it’s a platform for growth and fits into our overall strategy of reducing our carbon intensity -- the carbon intensity of our footprint.
Andrés Gluski: Well, we started 12 years ago. So we have a long history of energy storage and we have really been an innovator in applications. So we have decided to sell it to third-party via by Fluence and we are very happy with the partnership with Siemens, because it allows us to sell it in 160 countries. So what we are seeing saying is that there’s a very rapidly growing market. So Fluence itself we see a lot of new applications, not only the virtual reservoir, but I can see grid booster, which really reduces significant long-distance transmission expenses or investment. So that I think is the next front. So, I think, this is an area that’s going to grow very quickly. So how does it fit into, yeah, well, first and of course, we are happy with the investments we have made in Fluence. I think time will show that that was a very good investment. But it’s also good for us in the sense we are one of the big customers of Fluence. So today half of our product offerings have an energy storage component. So we have standalone storage, but we also have it integrated into solar as our award winning project out in Kovai. But we also have it in corporate, for example, wind. So when we talk about Green Blend & Extend and meeting customers’ future needs, if customers want a 24x7, for example, renewables, energy storage plays a big component. Now I am a believer in lithium ion batteries for -- our batteries, let’s say, electrical batteries because they don’t have to be lithium ion for the next five years to 10 years for many of the applications. And the reason is that it’s very -- as the batteries become more efficient, it become cheaper, you are basically going from electric to an elect -- in some cases a chemical back to electric and the losses are very low. There’s been a lot of talk about hydrogen, for example. Hydrogen has advantages and it has much greater energy density. So we see much -- many more applications in transportation where the weight of batteries precludes long distance, say, big truck using batteries. So I think this is a very interesting area. But if you are talking about sort of combining renewables with storage or day-to-day applications, we really think that battery seems to be the killer app. Now we have put a toe in the water into hydrogen as well. We have actually run some tests on old coal plants in Chile, basically cracking the hydrogen using renewable energy in around $35 a megawatt hour and it still comes out quite expensive. We do see it could be -- we have also run some tests on diesel and it might be interesting for micro-grids. So, we do have a electrolyzer in Chile where we -- actually in Argentina, excuse me, where we actually produce hydrogen for our own needs at the San Nicolas plant. So we have a foot into this. We are looking into this. But I just mention this, because there’s some people say, well, hydrogen will replace battery-based energy storage. And the reason we don’t see that is, at least in the short-term, is because you are going from electric to produce a chemical -- a chemical reaction then you have to store it cryogenically then you have to transport it, then you basically have to burn it again. So if you look at the energy from the original electricity losses to electricity again, you are talking about at least half, whereas with the battery you are talking about a much smaller percentage. Now of course, batteries don’t work for inter-seasonal differences. So, we are looking into it and we have some small experiments in some of our different units. And as I said, the one that looks more promising really are diesel units and we are certainly a believer of green hydrogen for transportation.
Andrés Gluski: Yeah. Thank you for that question. I mean, we are investing very heavily into the U.S., as Gustavo says about 90% of what we are investing but we do have this wonderful global footprint. So if a client has global needs, we can satisfy those. So when you talk about the relationship with Google, we are -- we do our supply them with renewable energy in Chile and we did have the RFP. We have the RFP out for 1 gigawatt of zero carbon energy in PJM. We are also, as I mentioned in my speech, looking at other possibilities with them. I really can’t comment on them -- about them at this time. But it goes beyond just a single sort of RSP or a single PPA in one country, because we are doing I think a lot of innovative things like they are and so we have commonality of interests in some areas. But just like Google, I mean, of course, there are other companies that are also interested in our global footprint and having a, let’s say, common high-tech approach to reducing carbon emissions among multiple countries and we can certainly supply that.
Andrés Gluski: Yeah. No. I think you hit the nail on the head. It’s -- 85% of our business is contracted generation and we have creditworthy off-takers. So there are situations, for example, where say a currency depreciates, but the -- what they are exporting is actually then more attractive because they have a portion of their cost whether it be mining or other such things that they are exporting. So in general, our clients are doing well, much better than the markets than they are in. So I think that’s very important. But we are 85% contracted generation and that’s the big difference. So if you actually see why we got it down initially and we correctly forecast it that we would have a drop in demand with the quarantines at our utilities, at our distribution businesses. So that’s what’s going on. But other than that our plans are critical. So in those cases where we are selling to the creator or selling to which is in many cases backed by the government, we are make sure that we get paid, because we are absolutely critical to the grid or the low cost generator in that market. So we are very well-positioned in this crisis. So we don’t expect that to change certainly in the generation business given, say, the current outlook.
Andrés Gluski: Yeah. That’s a great question. Because this is a rapidly growing business and we think it has a great future and it’s coming up with new products. Part of it is that, both of us, Siemens and AES we would like to have a marker from a transaction. We are not going to sell down a very large stake we are talking around a 10% stake. So we think it would be just good to have to capitalize it, maybe 10% with an outside partner, and obviously, work towards a bigger sell down perhaps in two years, three years of an IPO, but ---- and then we will have to reassess strategically how we feel about this business. But we feel very good about that business. And as I said, I think that this is a market, which is growing very rapidly. Now something that people haven’t talked about, I think, so much is, if you do have a change in federal policies in the U.S. to promote green or carbon free generation, we are very well-positioned, Fluence is very well-positioned. But specifically, AES, because we have a pipeline of 15 gigawatts of potential projects in the U.S. and those run the range from quite advanced to medium advanced. If we looked at just hypothetical projects it’s a much bigger number. So we feel good that we have a pipeline that we could execute on and potentially double our rate of growth of renewable build in the U.S. should there be such a change.
Andrés Gluski: And the reason for that is even though it’s like margin positive and we haven’t been putting more money in as that is very rapid growth is because R&D you have to spend. So, for example, all the design work…
Andrés Gluski: … the production work of the next-generation of the sixth-generation, well, that is expense. So we have talked probably, I’d say, around two years for it to turn positive in terms of EPF and what basically happens is the fastest growth, the more new profit you have to come out with, you delay that turning to positive. So it’s a business. It could be positive if that was the objective but the objective is to create value. So we think of sales down, as you say, will give us a marker. So people say, well, how much does it worth, well, somebody just paid extra, like we did…
Andrés Gluski: … for example with the gas business in the Dominican Republic, people weren’t giving us much value and we were able to show what it was worth to the third parties.
Andrés Gluski: Well, it will depend a little bit, because it depends what you are inaugurating, right, and where. So there’s a difference between solar and wind, and there’s a difference outside of the U.S. because of tax. So it’s, there’s no rule of thumb for just like 100 megawatts. I don’t know Gustavo can comment.
Andrés Gluski: Yeah. Let me soft of answer philosophically and then I will pass it to Gustavo. Look, philosophically we like doing project level debt, because it’s an acid test. So since I have been CEO almost all of our major projects, I think, with the exception of Southland, we brought in a partner. And the reason was that bankers have first debt on the cash flow. So you have to convince somebody a third-party that you are going to operate this and that they think it’s a good project as well. So given that philosophically we like using project level debt and so I don’t see that changing for the time, there are advantages of certain roll ups. We can aggregate at the sublevel. Gener has debt, for example, Tietê has debt, which would get some of those advantages. But we think that the discipline of having to project finance is good and having to bring in partners is good. So…
Andrés Gluski: Yeah. I think, look, that was a unit that was inaugurated in 2017. We are two generations away from that. The issue as we see it was with a series of LG Chem batteries, a specific series that we are produced in some factories. So we have operated for 12 years. This is the first, I will say, serious incident we have had. But really the best standards are, for example, UL 9045A and if you look at the best-in-class standards, the sixth-generation incorporates all these. So if you look at, for example, it doesn’t require -- it’s not contained, so it’s actually outside. The modules are separated, so you don’t have contagion. It has enhanced fire suppression systems on it. And in the worst case, should there be any type of thermal event since it’s not enclosed the heat and the any gases would rise. So, definitely we feel that, we have taken all the lessons learned from this event. We have incorporated into the new design and really safety was one of our number one priority. So, again, we have 12 years of operating these and we -- this is the one really event that we have had. Now regarding those cases which weren’t that many, I think, you can count on them one hand that all those units that had that series of battery in them. We immediately put out instructions of not to charge them like -- instructions you get on your Tesla car, not to charge them above 75% and we have taken corrective actions and we have given more information, more training for like local fire units, et cetera. So, yeah, we -- as you know, safety is number one value, super important for us. We have been very serious and very diligent, I think, about looking into this and supporting our clients and supporting our local fire departments on this. But I feel very good that the sixth-generation cube is the safest unit out there and incorporates all of the suggestions that are out there technically.
Andrés Gluski: We have always said that and there had a lot of tools to address its financing needs, because it’s growing so fast, they have been so successful on Green Blend & Extend. We really can’t comment on some of these transactions until they close. But there are several transactions where we are delinking the PPA, which in some cases was specific to a given asset. So like this power plant has this PPA, we are delinking them and allowing us greater flexibility in terms of how we satisfy their demand or requirements of the customers. So I really can’t give you too much color on it other than saying that it will help us, it will help Gener with its financing plan. And so it’s very likely that any capital contribution from us will be in 2021 instead of 2020 this year. So we tend to be very conservative, so we saw that these have been advancing. So prior to having these as advanced as they are today, we had talked about AES putting in the money this year. So that I think is the main change. So I’d say stay tuned and we can give you more color as these transactions close.
Gustavo Pimenta: So, Julien, yes. Those asset sales there were already incorporated in our long-term forecast. So the associated dilution is already in the 7% to 9%, so no impact to our forecast.
Gustavo Pimenta: No. What I will do is, we are putting on average $300 million, $350 million per year, right? So that’s our …
Gustavo Pimenta: … equity in the project, we have been partners so and so. If you assume, call it, 12% return on average, you are going to come up with the EPS accretion that those deals are bringing to us.
Gustavo Pimenta: I think, Andrés you covered well. I mean, it brings more discipline to the process. It also allows us to amortize the debt within the PPA timeframe, which we like. We don’t want to count on post-PPA period to pay for debt quite frankly. So it’s just more disciplined. I think the projects are more sustainable when we validate them at the project level, right, with the debt there and all the amortization within the PPA flow.
Gustavo Pimenta: Yeah. I mean this is at the AES Crop level, I mean this is above couple cents in this quarter when you normalized partnership adjustment and so on. It was included -- this is a good guy meaning cash and earnings from prior expenses, pass-through cost that we have with some particular clients and we are able to firm up those receivables back.
