Andres Gluski: Thank you, Steve. Before opening up the call for Q&A, I would like to summarize the highlights from today's call. With more than 8 gigawatts of agreements already signed directly with large technology customers, including 2.2 gigawatts signed since our last call. We continue to be the industry leader in this segment. At the same time, we continue to deliver our projects on time and on budget, with 1.6 gigawatts completed so far this year. We are fully on track to add a total of 3.6 gigawatts by the end of 2024. We see demand for power from datacenters in the U.S. growing around 22% a year. And we could not be better positioned to serve these customers, from our Renewable business to our Utilities. I would like to reiterate that with strong demand for the projects in our 66 gigawatt development pipeline and our existing 12.6 gigawatt backlog of signed long-term PPAs. We are very confident in our ability to continue to meet or exceed our long-term objectives. Operator, please open up the line for question.
Andres Gluski: Sure, Durgesh. No, it's not slowing down our signing of contracts. What we really had is a situation that we had, to some extent; foreseen a couple years ago where it's really there's a shortage of renewable power for datacenters in many markets. So, what's the biggest concern of our clients is actually time to power, can you get me the power on time to power datacenters. And that's their main constraint. So, no, there has been anything holding us down or, quite frankly, a major issue of conversation with them. I do think we have to step back and say, "Look, ITC investment tax credits, production tax credits, they've been around for 32 years." Second, there's been a tremendous amount of investment related to the Inflation Reduction Act. And 85% of that investment has gone into republican districts. Today, there are eight million people working directly or indirectly in renewables in the U.S. So, a total dismantling is highly unlikely in any scenario, whether there are some changes around the margin; sure. But thinking about the sector, quite frankly we operate in markets where there are no subsidies. We actually make more money in those subsidies. And it would change somewhat the structure of the contracts. But we see a wholesale revision of this very, very unlikely. Something more likely what happened to NAFTA, where it became the USMCA, and actually was, quite frankly, updated and improved in some areas. So, that's where we se the market right now.
Andres Gluski: Okay, look, that's a great question. But we will give you more color on that as time passes, because these are multiple agreements with multiple clients. And we'd really like to see how it shakes out. We're certain that there's going to be a lot of load added, a lot of transmission assets added. But this is between two utilities, between multiple clients. So, right now it's a little bit too early for us to give too much in term of exact load growth by business.
Andres Gluski: Okay. Basically, I think there's several things. One, when we talk about pipeline, that means we have something in the interconnection queue. And we have some degree of land control. So, I would say not all pipeline were created equal. And when we talk about backlog, that's actually contracts that are signed and that we have to deliver, and people have to buy that energy. So, we've never taken anything material out of our backlog, even during COVID. So, what we're saying here with -- the basic message is, one, yes we increased our average rate of returns on these projects. We're not talking about mid-teens. The other thing is that rather than sign like one umbrella agreement with one particular client, we're optimizing the value of this resource among various clients and among opportunities. So, we see this as something where we invest in, we create this real pipeline. And then, we want to optimize the value from it. Will the average returns go up further? Well, I think it would depend market by market, and the opportunity. But right now, we feel very good about the mid-teen returns that we talked about. And we also feel very good about that we're making the best use of that pipeline to create value for our shareholders.
Andres Gluski: One thing I'd like to add, as we exit countries and as we're investing primarily in long-term contracted with investment grade off takers in renewables, or our U.S. utilities, which also with this transformation are moving more towards a transmission rate base. The quality of our cash flow continues to improve. So, it's not only a question of the metrics, which as Steve said are improving, but the quality of that cash flow or how it's seen by credit rating agencies is improving as well. So, on both sides, we feel very good about it.
Andres Gluski: Look, when I put it this way, we have a backlog of more than 12 gigawatts of signed PPAs we have to deliver. The majority of that will be within the period of by 2027. So, that gives you -- that that's a guaranteed build out that we have to do over the next three years. So, over time, assuming we're signing somewhere about 4.5, 5.5 gigawatts of new PPAs, those numbers have to converge. Unless, we grow the number of megawatt, PPAs that we're signing, and then it'll take a little bit more time to converge. But given -- that gives you sort of the run rate. Yes. We'll be 4 plus in coming years just from the backlog we have today, and expect that to grow over time past that period of time of 2027.
Andres Gluski: Yes, hey, David. Good morning. So, as we are looking through the details of the timing of what we've recently signed, we'll flesh that out in our planning process, in the second-half of this year and bake that into our update of guidance for the beginning of next year. So, definitely, I would see in the long-term horizon that we have out there through '27, this will start to come into play in the capital plan, but our funding plan, I don't expect to change at all. We have really done well on our asset sale plan. We are two-thirds of the way through, after only 18 months on a five year plan. We've got a lot of flexibility there. We have partnership capital. So, there is no shortage of capital to invest in the utility growth here. It's a very attractive profile. And so, I see it becoming material, but I see it within the funding plan that we've already released through '27.
Andres Gluski: Well, we're feeling very good. And what I would say is, as we've mentioned, we have everything we need for this year, for 2024, and most of you know, vast majority of what we want for 2025. And then, we have signed agreement with domestic suppliers for starting in 2026. So, we feel very good about our ability to execute, deliver on our backlog in the U.S. And I would say that again, to date, we have not had to postpone or abandon any material project in our pipeline over the last five years. So, compared to what happened to supply chains with COVID, this is much more predictable. So, we feel very good about it. And basically, we're again going to make that switch to domestic supply starting in 2026.
Andres Gluski: Yes, well, I think we've very much smoothed out the cadence of bringing projects online. At the beginning where we were ramping up very fast, in fact, last year we grew 100% the number of projects we're bringing online. So, this year we're able to manage it much better in the sense that it's almost about half is being done in the first-half, and the third quarter is going to be quite heavy as well. So, the cadence is going to be much more even throughout the year, as again, the growth rate is not 100% in one year, and obviously it will increase because again, we have to deliver 12.6% over the next three years. And so, most of that is it gets your numbers closer to four. So, we feel very good about the cadence. The biggest challenge was to ramp up 100%, and we did that, and we actually did all of our projects that we needed to get done last year on time.
Andres Gluski: Yes. Look, that's a great question. This is going to be timed over the years, so it's not like all at once we have to deliver this in the next two years. So, it represents opportunities, definitely, for additional generation. And as I've been saying in my remarks a good part of that's going to come from renewables. Some of that increased demand may come from gas in some locations. So, definitely all of this is we feel it will get done, and the solution will be different in MISO or PJM, there will be differences, and it'll be different between the two utilities, in terms of one of them will involve more direct securing the generation itself. So, this will pan out, but it's a very good question, because yes, there is quite a high number of growth. It represents a great opportunity, but we wouldn't have said it if we didn't know how this could be served.
Andres Gluski: Yes, look, right now we have no appetite for generation in Ohio directly, but again, this represents opportunities for our renewables team. So, I would say stay tuned, but certainly we feel that these targets can be met, but again realize this is going to happen over time, as Steve had said in his comments.
Andres Gluski: Look, we have been saying, again, for several years that we were seeing shortages developing, just looking at the corporate demand, especially for renewables, and the ability of suppliers to ramp up to meet that demand. So, to some extent, what is happening in the market is what we expected. This is not going to make any difference to our plans. Again, we have contracts, we have sites, we've already locked in financing, et cetera. So, equipment prices, so it doesn't make any change to our plans. What it does, I think, signal is the value of our existing assets are going to go up as this shortages materialize. So, no effect in the, generally, in the shorter term, but in the longer term, it means that our assets are more valuable, and to some extent, it's what we've been planning for. So, it's not, of course, a specific option, we don't intend to be clairvoyant, but the general direction of the market that's unfolding is what we expected.
Andres Gluski: Obviously, we are highly contracted for future cash flows. So, lower interest rates means a lower discount rate. It means those cash flows are worth more. But the benefits on a sort of new contract basis will be for new contracts being signed, but not for the backlog.
Andres Gluski: That's a great question. The way I would put it is their preference is renewable power. Right? So basically, you're talking about situations where they have no other alternative. So, they're not happy to suck up coal power from the grid. They basically will either have offsets with a VPP or by RECs, and quite frankly, in most cases, will require that renewables come online in the future. So, you have to put it like this is the last alternative. And so, obviously, if you have a datacenter, the most important thing is to have power. So, if you have no other alternative, you will not go for renewables. But they do have the renewables goals, and they do want that power to be as low carbon as possible. So, that's in terms of the demand. Now, let's look at the supply. If you look at what's in the interconnection queue, almost all of it is renewables, if you include batteries. So, the fact is what can get built, let's say, over the next five years, for sure, is going to be very heavily weighted towards renewables. As Steve mentioned, you have to combine these in the lowest carbon way possible. And if that means adding some gas plants, that will be done. But I think that the direction is clear, because I remember you on one call said that it's all going to be nuclear. And I kind of laughed, we both laughed and said, tell me what the price of an SMR is? How can we sign a PPA with embedding nuclear? Second of all, the regulatory hurdles to bringing on nuclear are still very significant. And we really don't have price certainty on it. So, renewables are going to be the bulk of that add-on. That's what they want. Again, yes, they will make deals for the short run if that's the only alternative. But it's not their preferred route.
Andres Gluski: Yes, I think it depends on the client, quite frankly. Some clients are much more stringent. Some clients actually want hourly-matched renewables. Some clients require additionality. Most of them require additionality. So, it's not just one-size-fits-all. I think the renewable standards will differ among them. But the direction is very clear. So, I don't see anybody sort of walking away from it at this point. And quite to the contrary, they're under pressure a lot because as they ramp up very significantly their datacenters and they're taking some power which is not renewable, their total carbon footprint goes up, and that's something that they've had to address. So, I would say that, yes, they're being pragmatic. But in terms of their goals and desires, those remain unchanged. And it's not uniform across all of them. It's not one-size-fits-all.
Andres Gluski: I would say, look, first, we have the lowest rates in the state. So, we're starting off from the best position of anybody. Second, realize that our new additional growth, these are people who, again, the most important thing is to find a good location and to have the power and the other services that they need. So, that does not concern me in terms of, let's say, saying, well, this growth will not happen because the capacity prices went up. And as I've said before, to some extent, not this particular auction, not the extent of this one-time jump. But we had been expecting this. So, this is not something that's like out of left field and we have to scramble. We have been talking about, and you can hear from all our earnings calls, and we've been saying, look, there's going to be a shortage. And returns are going to improve over time. And so, directionally, this is very much what we expected.
Andres Gluski: Okay. So, first, I'd say in terms of domestic content, in terms of our wind project, those already meet the criteria. Remember, it's a criteria based on the total cost of the project, the different components. In terms of solar panels, again, we expect to be meeting that by 2026. In terms of batteries, our main supplier is Fluence, and they should be meeting that, quite frankly, starting in 2025. So, all together we feel very good about meeting domestic content requirements. And then, there are other things like trackers, inverters, et cetera, that we've been working on as well. So, I think the team's done a very good job to combine the various assets such that they do meet the domestic content criteria. So, it's not one-size-fits-all. It's like what's available and if you have wind, it may be greater. If you have, say, solar panels, it may be lesser, but you put it together and the total meets it. So, we feel very good about that meeting the domestic content criteria.
Andres Gluski: Again, I think it's on a case-by-case basis. It depends on the demand supply in the particular market. So, --
Andres Gluski: I think the best answer would be shared. And then, the vision of spoils will depend on the particular circumstances.
Andres Gluski: Yes, we really look at this sort of holistically and we tend to co-create with the client. Say, look, what do you want? And then we'll bring the technologies to bear. We don't come and say, look, we have this really neat widget. This is what you should buy. Now, given the new technologies I really do feel that we've been a leader in this. So, in everything from we did invent lithium ion -- the use of lithium-ion batteries for grid stability. We started that 14 years ago. We do have the biggest dynamic line rating project in the country. Fluence is doing a number of very innovative things to use batteries to be able to get more use out of existing transmission lines. We also were the first to do hourly matched 24/7 long-term contracts for hyperscaler clients. So, we continue to do that. And with Uplight, there's a number of VPP facilities that's well-managed -- energy management. And finally, I think Maximo is a great example of we are thinking about the future. One of the constraints, and I am sure you've heard it, was like labor force for building solar projects. And the fact is you have lift 65 pound today solar panels. In heavy heat the restrictions, crews can only work six hours for example. And it takes a very strong individual to be able to do this task at all. So, with Maximo this really allows us, first, to do it much more quickly. You can work three shifts even in terrible weather or hot weather conditions. In addition to that, we don't have to be particularly physically strong to do it. You have to be able to supervise the robot. So, Maximo is an example of how we would bring projects online faster and also with cost at damages as well. So, this is the first step. We are starting to use it. Next year, we will be ramping up. But after that, we can see a fleet Maximo out there, which would give us a competitive advantage. In other words, that we could bring -- we wouldn't say it's labor shortages, because we can hire a much broader universe of individuals. We can work in three shifts in all weather conditions. And we can quite frankly do it faster and better. So, that's another example. So, again, I think our AES Next and our views on technology have been really industry leading.
Steve Coughlin: Yes, sure. Hi, Durgesh, it's good to hear your voice. So, the credit is looking very, very strong. So, we continue to be on a path of improving credit. At the parent level, I expect will be even higher than last year's year-end. And so, it looks very good. There's obviously intra movement in quarters as we have some cash flow lumpiness coming up, but it continues very strong. I think we'll see the year end be even better than last year.
Steve Coughlin: Yes. So, we have a threshold of 20%. So, you're referring more to, I think, where we ended, which had plenty of cushion above that. And I think we will likely see ourselves even higher than that at the end of this year.
Steve Coughlin: Yes, and just to add to that, Rich, we had previously guided to around 10% up for the utilities combined, this is definitely upside. There's significant acceleration of discussions. So, definitely upside to the plans that we've given in the past. Timing matters here though, so we'll see some within our long-term guidance period, and some beyond that. But we do see a lot more growth than we saw even at the start of this year.
Steve Coughlin: Yes. So, as I said, credit metrics are definitely continuing to improve and so I see that as a possibility in a matter of years, not this year, that will be have those metrics. So, we don't have a specific target to share with you at this point, but I expect to be higher than last year and I expect it to continue to improve. As the installed base of our growth continues to grow and add cash. Today, we do carry construction debt that's not yet yielding. But relative to the base, the base is increasing every year significantly in this moment that we are in. So, yes, I think that's very possible, but I don't have a specific date to share with you at this point.
Steve Coughlin: Yes, and actually, I guess we'll keep going here because I have just that reminds me of another topic really here. Keep in mind that 80% of our debt is nonrecourse to the parent, and nearly all of that is amortizing investment grade rated subsidiary debt. So, it's a very high quality structure, and the agencies are seeing that. So, I think this, both the quantified metrics as I've mentioned as well as Andres said in the quality and looking at the debt structures, amortizing investment grade, it's a very, very robust, healthy structure.
Steve Coughlin: Okay. Look, I'd say we can I think there's a transformation in terms of, we're moving more towards U.S. dollar based investment grade off takers? So, yes, there's going to be heavier weighting towards the U.S. We do have opportunities to serve the same type of clients outside the U.S., with your investment grade dollar contracts, many times with the same, with the same client. So, if we serve hyperscalers in the U.S. and they want the same services, say, in Chile or in Mexico, then we can service. And that is a competitive advantage we have.
Steve Coughlin: Yes, good morning. Thanks. So, we do have a significant upside in our tax credits as I mentioned in my remarks, primarily that's driven by -- we're qualifying for more energy communities than originally anticipated. And we also have seen the valuation of our tax attributes, particularly through transfers, be valued at a higher level. What's important, as I've always emphasized is that these are cash. It's a very attractive profile. This is not just earnings, but it's cash coming in, which is a very early return of a significant amount of capital 30% up to 50%. So, we're really, really pleased with this upside. There are a few other upsides in EBITDA as well. So, we have had higher margins and higher dispatch in our gas business in the Dominican Republic. We've also continued to drive efficiency and productivity in our renewables and utilities businesses where we're very focused on growth. And in fact, growing those businesses is actually costing less than we anticipated. So, we see favorability in costs going through EBITDA this year. So, as you caught on, there has been an offset to that, and it's what I mentioned in my remarks, which is primarily the Columbia outage. It was a record amount of flooding and inflow that took the units out for all of the month of June and the first part of July. So, that unfortunately did offset and is a negative driver to EBITDA this year. And then, the other, and I think we mentioned this, we did have a very low wind resource in Brazil, more so in the first quarter, but that also had impacted our EBITDA this year. So, we have some offsets, but overall really pleased with the growth, the cash-driven growth, and that we continue to be even more efficient in our renewables and utilities growth machines.
Steve Coughlin: Yes. And I would just add to Andres' point in Indiana, where generation will be part of the solution keep in mind, we have multiple existing gas sites. So, we have the conversion at Petersburg, but we also have space for additional gas at Eagle Valley, at Harding Street, and at the Georgetown site. So, we are seeing the whole package being able to support datacenter growth there. In Ohio, of course, you mentioned that that's a distribution transmission. We have a very attractive area for datacenters, our service territory is quite large, a lot of available cheap land, very centrally located to fiber networks and data load, accessible water. So, it is a very appealing area. You can see from the -- I think you're referring to the PJM capacity auction, was quite high, demonstrating how significant demand has increased. But within PJM, I think our territory in Western Ohio is one of the most attractive areas, if not the most.
Steve Coughlin: So, Angie, this is Steve. Good morning. So, look, we can't have it both ways. So, we have, as I've often talked about, a very low risk way of executing, which means we lock in almost all of our costs when we sign our PPAs, including hedging the long-term financing. So, for anything that we've signed, we're pretty much, we've baked in the price of that financing. But on a go-forward basis, look, lower interest rates are a good thing. They reduce the cost of new infrastructure, and so reduce the cost to the customer. So, overall, I think it's a further catalyst to demand and will help the whole sector. But we maintain a low risk structure in the way we execute.
Steve Coughlin: Yes. So, I'll just add on to what Andre said. So, in almost all these cases, even you're talking about, Angie, not to say, yes, these are resulting in renewable PPAs, some cases in the same location or nearby locations, and others where they're focused on time to power going to the grid, but then also contracting for renewables perhaps further away. Most of what we are doing is I would say you would call more of a co-location regionally where we're supplying energy, including most of what we signed recently in the same grid and relatively close to the datacenter. So, that is by and large what we've seen most looking for. But when time to power is, of course, a priority, they're looking for alternatives. But the great thing is that in all cases, the additionality of renewables, whether it's direct or through RECs, is a top demand from these customers.
Steve Coughlin: And I would just add, keep in mind that the adder is across the entire capital cost of the project once you meet the threshold for the certain components that have to be domestically sourced. So, it's a 10% across not just those components, but the whole thing, which is really attractive.
