Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Thanks, Tom. To summarize, despite lowering our near-term expectations, we're executing our strategic objectives, including narrowing our geographic focus and reducing costs while expanding our platforms in a profitable manner. We are ahead of our expectations on asset sales and on track for cost reductions. Our construction pipeline represents $9 billion in total project cost or 7,141 megawatts of additional capacity in upgrades, which is the largest amount in AES' 33-year history. This year, we expect to return up to $480 million to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks, and we believe that we will have significant capacity to return cash to shareholders in the future. With that, we look forward to seeing many of you at the EEI financial conference in Dallas next week. And now, I'd like to open up the call for questions.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: That's a very good observation, Ali. I think that today, we're at about 29% payout ratio, 29% payout [ph]. We have said that our policy is a payout ratio between 30% and 40%. So we are -- at this stage, what I would say is we want to maintain ourselves in that ratio, and that's what we will be discussing. But I think you raise a good issue and we will have the opportunity to look at that in the future. But right now, what I'd say is we want to be within the 30% to 40%. And currently, we're below that at about 29%.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Okay, Ali. Let's take it by parts. In terms of the first one, the cost reductions. We're aggressively pursuing cost reductions. As we've stated, now we're moving from G&A to fixed costs in our business and we have an addressable spend of around $3 billion that we're going after. And we're working hard on this. Now it does take some time because this is -- we have 38,000 megawatts under our management. And this requires standardization, this requires testing, this requires aggregations. So that's well underway and I think that Andy and the team are doing a great job there, but that does take some time. But we certainly are pulling all levers to meet our commitment. I can assure you of that. But on the other hand, we want to make sure that everything we do is really creating a sustainable long-term shareholder value. So we're not going to make cuts that could, say, harm the value of this company going forward. I assure you, we are pulling all levers, and I think we've demonstrated we're quite good at that. I think we have a good track record in terms of that. The second in terms -- question regarding hydrology. I would say, break it into parts. We've had this unusual event that the hydrology was correlated negatively, quite frankly, everywhere, for the prior 2 years. Now even with the $0.10 negative impact, this is $0.03 less than it was in 2013. So we have improved. Part of it is some of the actions that we've taken on commercial policy, that we've taken with regards to Panama. Now we are seeing differences. In Panama, as I mentioned, we're actually seeing very good inflows into the reservoirs in September, October and carrying over to the first week here in November. So in Panama, we are seeing a recovery of the hydro. The question really is a little bit, some transmission constraints. But in terms of the physical rainfall in Panama, we've seen a significant recovery. In the case of Colombia, Chivor is in a different watershed than a lot of the country's hydro, and so it's actually done quite well, as Tom mentioned, because it's had a better relative rainfall than the rest of the country. So in Colombia -- in Panama, we see things better. In Brazil, it's still too early to tell. We got this question a lot, whether -- the situation in Brazil regarding 2014 at the beginning of the year. At that time, we said that we did not see rationing as the most likely scenario, that it was not likely to occur this year. All the studies I have seen for 2015 indicates that rationing is possible, but it's not the most likely scenario at this point. And as I mentioned in the past, if we compare this to 2001, the Brazilian government has about 10 gigawatts of thermal capacity and is executing quite well in terms of using the water, let's say, holding back on the water and using hydro. Now this will depend -- quite frankly, we really have no way of predicting when the rains will come at the end of November, beginning of December and they run through April, and that's what we'll have to see what happens at that time and how they handle it. Now there are different scenarios. It obviously would depend on the degree of -- if there were to be any rationing, the degree of it; the degree of compensations and what would be the price cap. So we'll give you information on the Q4 update when we have a better view. But it's difficult to predict whether in the short-term and what we monitor very closely are the reservoir levels and the actions that the government is taking to comply with it. And also quite frankly, it's a question of demand as well. It will be a question of how hot it is in the fourth quarter in Brazil, first quarter in Brazil and the economic recovery as well.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Yes, Ali, I think what's important here -- I think we've shown that we really do compete new investments against buybacks and we've always been able to get the authorizations that we need to do more buybacks. But as Tom said, we think this is the correct amount for this year. And also in terms of the total return to shareholders of this year, it will be a new record for AES. So we feel that we've made the right capital allocation decisions.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: What I would say is that, at this stage, we're happy with our decision. As you remember, we ran a sales process. We didn't think the price was right. I think that the market has moved in a favorable direction since then. So we feel that we made the correct decision in holding on to them and we're -- there's a number of things which could occur in the PJM and in Ohio, specifically, that could even improve the value further. So what I'd say at this stage, we're happy with our decision to hold that we made this year.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Well, again, we tend to think in terms of the medium term with our assets. In terms of the value we can create. We are talking about costs and synergies. You need to be able to plan into the medium term, and I think we also think about this in terms of our portfolio. One of the things we've done is bringing partners to reduce our exposure to certain risks, to increase, quite frankly, our capacity to do bigger projects. So we will always figure into that mix. But we also do portfolio fine-tuning. So I wouldn't exclude it, but what I'm saying is that what we are doing now is really trying to optimize our portfolio by bringing in partners and really looking at the mix of assets we have that give us really the best risk-adjusted return.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Yes. I think this is a good point. We have like, 4,000 megawatts. This is a very important step in terms of getting about 1,300 megawatts under a PPA in California. And we are looking at -- the main site is Huntington Beach. We also have Alamitos and we will be looking at what to do with the other sites. I think what's important here is the 100 megawatts of energy storage that we mentioned. And in the energy storage space, they often talk about resource that can be positive and negative. So this is 200 megawatts of resource, which is equivalent to the 100% of what we all have done to date. So that -- again, getting to your question here, Southern California is important to us. We'll be looking at getting the maximum value out of these sites. Our locational advantage is very important. We're very happy to have won this contract. And yes, we'll continue to focus on it. But at this time, what I'd say is you're correct. These new PPAs start in 2020 and we have to make sure that we have sufficient total presence there to offset everything that we'd be retiring.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Yes, that's a good question. It was definitely a strategic motive. We've been doing very well in the Dominican Republic. There are really only 2 modern regasification facilities in the Caribbean, and this is one of them. The other one is in Puerto Rico. So this business has done well. As you know, we are selling compressed gas to third parties for vehicles and for other industrial purposes on the island. And this is very solid business. The gas that we bring in is at Henry Hub base. So what we saw here is that there's a potential to do more in the Dominican Republic, but we thought it was very important to have, say, a deeper relationship with the country and that's why we wanted to have local participation in our projects. So we are expanding, as you see, with DPP, that's a very efficient project where we're closing the cycle. We won't be, of course, burning any more fuel, but we'll get 122 more megawatts. So it really was a strategic motive. Now in terms of the big business, what do we see there? We see there is still upside potential from our regasification and storage facility there, and we could see that in the future having a little bit sort of hub and spoke system from the Dominican Republic. Now, of course, this -- we would have -- our business is the large business. It's the holding facility, so others could come and use our facility. But we see upside potential in the Dominican Republic from the very strong base that we have in gas.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: We've had a lot of discussions in the past about YieldCo. I'm saying we have nothing philosophically against them. We really haven't seen that we could at this stage of the game sort of carve out assets that would make sense because we -- lot of our PPAs in the U.S. and other markets are highly levered and have a lot of nonrecourse debt on them. So again, at this stage of the game, it's a little early. But again, we don't have anything philosophically against something like a YieldCo. And in fact, we have done, what we've done at Gener and what we've done at some of the other ones. But if you're saying sort of spin it off to somebody else for them to do YieldCo -- that's not sort of in the cards.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: The CFC look-through rules -- I mean, those have -- in the past, they've been, say, renewed -- at sort of the 12th hour at the end of the year as part of larger packages. So everything that we're seeing is, we feel that it's very, very likely that they'll be extended this year once again, as part of an extender package at the end of the year. So as Tom said that -- because of this year, we -- the impact would be minimal. And in '15, there could be more of an impact, but we'll also take measures as we have in the past should it not be extended.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: No. I mean, this is not a change -- this has always been our view all along. I would like to emphasize that even in the unlikely case that we're not extended, this is not cash, as Tom mentioned. I mean, we have $3 billion of NOLs. So yes, this would affect our adjusted EPS, but not our cash.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Gregg, the DPL improvement would be a combination of darks as well as some value for the PJM premium capacity product. We're obviously watching that closely, still some moving parts in that, but we believe that if gets implemented in something near its current form that could be some good value for us also.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: That's fine, Brian. We just want to make sure we're disclosing things that are consistent with the provisions of our bid process.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Sure. Going back some time, I guess, about -- probably about 2 years ago, it started with an issue with the coal allocation, then there was a scandal in India called Coalgate. And really it was that people had received coal allocations and then flipped them for significant gains. So that, let's say, started the issue. We weren't, quite frankly, involved at all of this because we had received our allocation and our partner is the state government of Odisha. So we had our coal allocation and we were proceeding with the project. Then the Supreme Court did something that, which they had done in telecom spectrum, which was, really, to say that all prior allocations were invalid because the process was not, say, sufficiently transparent. And this was very politically successful in India. So really what they did was come out with a very similar decision regarding coal, basically saying that the coal allocation process was flawed and, therefore, the allocations were null and void. And this covered people from, who actually were currently operating plants, to people like ourselves who had future plans. It covered state governments. It covered JVs like us and it covered private companies. Then the decision actually came out that said, it did not apply to federal companies, but it includes state companies. Then subsequently, they came out with a decree saying that state government companies' allocations were also valid. So in our case, we're in sort of the gray zone because we're a JV and it's a state government of Odisha. So the good thing is we have been -- of this whole process, we've been extremely transparent and we think that the state government may get the coal allocation. From perspective of an investor in AES, even if we don't get the coal allocation -- we'd prefer it. It does help modestly on the returns and it helps us to assure the quality of the coal that we would be receiving. But even if it doesn't go forward, this is still a good project because this is located right next to OPGC I, and we have all the line permits for developing a -- and it's under construction, a 1,300 megawatt coal plant. So if it's a question of receiving coal from Coal India, as we currently do for the existing plant, again, it's still a good project. But we will of course prefer to have this -- more control over it with the coal allocation. So it's not a positive, but it's not something that, say, threatens the viability of the project.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: No. And it has not. Basically, what's happened is they have granted a temporary license to those who've had coal allocations that were operating and the rest were very much future projects. But I think people expect the coal to be used one way or another. So in essence, Odisha, our OPGC II project is pretty close to sort of a mine mouth type project. So it's very well situated. There's a shortage and we have a good contract for the offtake. So it's caused more noise, we think, than anything.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: We have bought back, as we said, by the end of this year, close to $1 billion. And we think at a good price and we have sold down, I think, very well. I mean, if you actually look at our selldowns that we've done, our timing was very good in terms of when we disposed of the assets. So you raise a valid point, and we do look at that very closely. If you do -- our new projects do have ROEs that are higher than buying back our stocks. Now, there is a time inconsistency because the effect of buying back our stock today is much -- of course, is immediate versus having to invest 3 to 4 years. But we do look at that, Angie. And that's a very good question and we have to keep ourselves to that standard.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Well, we do look at it. We do sort of NPVs on this, but we can discuss that more off-line. I think it's a very good question that you raise and we do look at sort of the big pictures. And we know we will be generating more cash, faster cash growth for fundamental reasons. One is that we do have the NOLs and our tax rate has gone up from 2013 to today by 10 points. So that's a big jump. But it doesn't have any impact on us. The other one is Mong Duong and other -- some of our projects will be generating a lot more cash, but we have to even out the earnings, due to the accounting rules. But I would say that the -- what is important, and that's why we stressed it on this call. If you look at us, we've had significant jumps in our revenues and in our earnings. We have to have new assets come online because we have them contracted. And if you look at this year, 2014, we only have -- we have less than 300 megawatts coming online. If you look at next year, it's much, much higher. And you look at the next year. So when we talk about this growth, it is occurring from tangible projects that we have on hand. But thanks for the question.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Ali, I think it's -- I think I thought with the $150 million was to put out a number that we thought we could execute the majority of it by year end and it's step-by-step. I think we've shown that we put out more modest-size amounts, we execute on them and then we think about the next steps going forward.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Stephen, it's Tom. I'd say it's tough. It's obviously, fresh off the presses. So we've been through a pretty rigorous competitive situation, so I think we may, at some point, but I think it's a little too early for that.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Yes, Julien, it's Tom. I think we may give a little bit of color, but as I said to Stephen, it's a little -- still early just given it is really hot off the presses. We have just been through a -- quite a lengthy competitor process. So it's a little early for us to be putting out detailed numbers.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Sure. Once again, it's early, but I think if you take a $1.9 million, $2 billion number, we think these are very leverageable and consistent with our financing process. We do debt for certainly a strong majority, maybe call it 60% -- probably more likely 70%. So that will leave about 30% equity commitments. And we will -- as Andres said, we'll strongly look to bring in a partner that could help us leverage ourselves further and manage our commitments and also potentially enhance our return.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Yes, I just say, Julien, in terms of transitioning into '16, we'll certainly -- once our contract, long-term contract, Eletropaulo, ends at the end of '15, we have the ability to manage our hydro risk through hedging ratios. So we've shown in the past we're kind of in the low 80s in terms of percentage of our shared energy that we have sold for '16. We'll certainly -- we may creep up somewhat, but we will be certainly at lower levels to provide ourselves the comfort that if there is poor hydrology in '16, we have set ourselves up so we don't have hydro risk.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Yes. We've got some sensitivities in the back, Brian, of our deck. But we generally hedge about 6 to 12 months forward in Brazil and about a year forward in other currencies. So, yes, some exposure in '15, a little the more in '16, but there's a page in the back of the deck.
Ahmed Pasha: Yes, Julien, just to give you a big picture. This is Ahmed. In terms of the uptick -- I mean, just comparing these current existing capacity against what we've just have been awarded, the 1,300, 1,400 megawatts. Just these megawatts will be contributing higher EBITDA earnings than what we are projecting today from existing capacity in 2017. On the top of that, there is another capacity, about 1,000 megawatts, that we have already permitted, that will add even more. So I think the short answer to your question is, it is accretive comparing the existing generation versus what we can do on our existing sites.
Ahmed Pasha: No, I think -- Brian, this is Ahmed. I think you should look at it because that's why we provided it on open basis. So even if you assume it's all open, so it's $0.04 versus $0.035. So it's not as significant.
Ahmed Pasha: Okay, that sounds better. Okay. Good. We thank everybody for joining us on today's call. As always, the IR team will be available to answer any questions you may have. Thanks and have a nice day.
