Ahmed Pasha: Thank you, Catharine, and welcome to AES Corporation's third quarter earnings call. We appreciate you being with us this morning. Joining me today are Paul Hanrahan, our President and CEO; Victoria Harker, our Chief Financial Officer; and Andrés Gluski, our Chief Operating Officer and other senior members of our management. Before we begin our presentation, let me remind you that our comments today will include forward-looking statements, which are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. For a complete discussion of these risks, we encourage you to read our documents on file with the SEC. Our presentation is being webcast and the slides are available on our website, which you can access at www.aes.com, under Investor Relations. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Paul Hanrahan, our CEO.
Ahmed Pasha: Hi Ed, this is Ahmed. I think in the last call when Victoria talked about $1.07 to $1.10 that was based on the forward curve as of July, and since then the curves have moved against us especially the gas. So I think if you adjust for that that I think probably you have net-net $0.03-ish down, if you just look at the gas and the currencies.
Ahmed Pasha: Brazil is roughly about $10 million because it's proportional of our interest because we own only 16%. So our interest is about $10 million.
Ahmed Pasha: Okay. Thank you very much for joining us today. In the meantime, if you guys have any questions please feel free to call either Chris Fitzgerald or myself. Thanks again. Have a good day.
Paul Hanrahan: Thanks, Ahmed, and good morning to all of you joining us today. Today, I'll briefly comment on our financial performance for the year-to-date numbers. I'll then give an update on our construction pipeline which will be delivering additional cash flow in earnings next year. In addition, both Victoria and I will comment on how we're thinking about allocating capital between our various investment opportunities including our own stock and debt securities. First, our year-to-date operating performance. Overall we earned $0.68 of adjusted EPS in the first three quarters of 2010. At the same time last year, we earned $0.85 a share, although this included $0.17 a share of one-time payments in 2009. These included earn-out payment associated with the sale of our Kazakhstan asset and a settlement of our gas powered plant in Spain. So excluding those one-time payments, our performance was essentially constant on a year-to-year comparison basis. The reality is that the underlying performance of our business improved a lot in 2010 and those improvements were needed to overcome the significant negative effects of lower dark spreads in the U.S. as well as a higher book income tax rate. In order to understand the underlying performance of our business better, it's useful to think about all big categories that have impacted our performance to date relative to last year. These being, one, operations and FX primarily resulting from the strong performance of businesses in Latin America and Asia; two, commodity prices which includes the impacts of lower dark spreads in the U.S.; three, a higher share count associated with building up a cash balance for new investment opportunities; and four, a higher book tax rate. We compared 2010 to 2009; there was an improvement of $0.17 from our underlying operations and FX, which by the way I netted out the increased BD expenses if you look at slide 17. This positive performance completely overcame the negative variances we experienced, those being $0.07 from commodities, lower dark spreads, $0.08 from higher share count and $0.02 from a tax rate. And even with the negative impacts of lower margins in our U.S. merchant businesses, our strong operating performance did result in increased proportional free cash flow on year-to-date basis allowing us to deliver $970 million of proportional free cash flow to date, which is $127 million or 15% higher than the same period last year.  So despite the compression in U.S. dark spreads, we've been able to meet our targets for both earnings and cash flow. Now, I'll turn over the call to Victoria who will discuss our performance for the financials in more detail.
Paul Hanrahan: Yes, I think we're going to keep looking at that. One of the things we're looking hard at is where do we see the best opportunities for the future, where do we want to set up our – put the focus of our development efforts in which markets. We see a lot of really interesting and interactive markets out there.  We'll, probably as we do that, look at some markets and say they aren't as strategic in terms of growth opportunities, and those are places where if we can see assets where we could get good prices from selling them, they'd probably be good sources of capital or good ways to raise some capital, which should give us more money to buy back stock, to invest in new opportunities. But those asset sales typically take several months to get through. So there's a little bit of a lag time there, but that's something we will be and have been looking at pretty aggressively. I think we found a lot of success.  What we found is we may invest on a project which would have returns that would be in the mid teens, but by going through portfolio management process, and if the timing is right, you can sometimes get your return on capital be – the return on equity to be in the range of 20%. And that's going to create some opportunities for us to do some things that will allow us to, again, just get higher returns on the capital by flowing in through more quickly and taking advantage of the opportunities to divest those assets which strategically aren't that critical to us and it would give us more capital to then use for higher value opportunities, whether that be buying back our stock or investing in new opportunities.
Paul Hanrahan: Yes, I don't have those numbers right now. I think what I would say is we were hedged this year. We are partially hedged this year. We saw some margin compression this year. And next year it will be worse. I think what I've tried to flag in my comments was that we're unhedged for 2011and just given where gas prices are and the forwards are, we're not hedging because we don't think it make sense to lock in those kinds of margins.  So we're basically have exposure to the market in which as position we want to be in right now, because we think there's probably more upside than downside for those positions. Yes, we've seen a significant margin compression. I don't know Ned, is there anything else you want to add to that?  This is Ned Hall, who heads our North American business.
Paul Hanrahan: Yes. I mean what we're really looking at is next year if you look at our US merchant assets there’s negative earnings will be coming from those assets with the current forwards, and what we're working on now is how could we mitigate that through mothballing our plants, some significant cost reduction efforts, which I remember some of these have leases, so you can't mothball a lease. So we’re going through a number of different things we could do to mitigate that earnings drag that we would have.
Paul Hanrahan: Yes. The other thing I'd point out is that, the one advantage we have is built into our portfolio as we've talked about is these construction projects coming online and they'll continue to come online and there the expectations are as they were before, so there's new earnings coming in from those.  Then you've got a little bit of a drag that's coming from the Eastern Energy assets primarily, that's where struggling with this, well how do we really reduce that drag, so we don't – on the cash side we are not worried about it, but it’s more on the earnings side, you sort of don’t want to have negative earnings coming out any plants which just doesn't help us with respect to seeing earnings growth.
Paul Hanrahan: Yes, Ali, let me just respond as I typically do that we don't respond to rumors or speculation.Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey:  Okay, fair enough. Thank you. 
Paul Hanrahan: It's going to depend a little bit. Ned Hall, he can talk a little bit. We think about this a lot because it does get complicated. Let me just pass down the speaker, so obviously you could –
Paul Hanrahan: I think, generally, we don't like merchant generation. Any time we have it, we try to contract it or get contracted assets. So we don't have a big appetite for merchant generation. But we do pick it up like we did in the Philippines, we, as quickly as we could, went out and contracted it for as long as we could.
Paul Hanrahan: Okay. And then, maybe one more question after this operator, so other people can get to the rest of the day. Okay, please go ahead. 
Paul Hanrahan: The other thing I'll just comment on is, the real wildcard is with $1.1 billion of cash is what we do with that cash, when do we deploy it, because as I said, that's got some earnings power, just call $0.18 to $0.21. So that's the other big thing that is tough to predict because we are looking to deploy that in some acquisitions, but we've got to be disciplined and make sure we find the right one that's going to fit strategically and give us the right kind of returns on risk profile.
Paul Hanrahan: Hi Neil.Neil Stein – Levin Capital Strategies:  And I have a couple of questions if I could. The first is if you could just confirm and Ahmed's commentary on the prior '11 guidance was very helpful. Did it assume renewal of that tax benefit? I think you referred to it as TIPRA.
Paul Hanrahan: Yes, minus $9 million in 2010.Neil Stein – Levin Capital Strategies:  What is the reason that it would actually be negative? I would think to the extent it gets to zero you could just choose to not run the plant.
Paul Hanrahan: Yes, it's even.Neil Stein – Levin Capital Strategies:  Well maybe my thought was what is – I guess where revenue is minus cost of goods sold. That's what I would think of as gross margin.
Victoria Harker: Well, first I think, depending on the type of project, we've not been as high as 20% necessarily. I think we've continued to say we target mid-teen returns and it obviously varies across renewables versus thermal and that type of opportunity as well. So, I don't think it's quite as high as 20% return.  We were fortunate obviously with Ballylumford and also with some of these asset sales that were actually individually slightly higher than the 20%, but I'm not sure that they're consistently across all the new opportunities at 20%.
Victoria Harker: And that was a last quarter event. Just to be clear, obviously, we're referencing it in terms of the impact to the tax rate on quarter-to-quarter.Lasan Johong – RBC Capital Markets:  I see. Last quick question. Effects of the Brazilian Presidential election.
Victoria Harker: Just for clarity, the $90 million all-in is through November 1st, I guess. So a portion of that was subsequent to the September 30th quarter-end. I wanted to make sure that we were clear on that relative to it being subsequent to the filing itself, but the all-in number is what we had mentioned.  I think in terms of the renewal, we'll obviously look at it at yearend and certainly be talking to the Board about a lot of prospects for investment and also the 2011 guidance in conjunction with whether it's a request to renewal. I don't think we've had those discussions yet, but we will be doing that, I think, in the month of December.
Victoria Harker: I think as you look out as we look out over the near term use of cash and what's coming up in terms of the need for cash payments in the next couple of quarters, we felt that to be true given the current prices. I'm not sure I would say that from a 12-month and beyond outlook. There, obviously, we did have cash in hand. But from a short-term perspective, we felt it was more compelling to buy back stock than to have in other short-term investments vehicles.
Victoria Harker: They’re predominantly expense reductions from an SG&A standpoint as well also we also have some credit emission sales.
Victoria Harker: And just to clarify that further, we don't currently see that as the cash strength for next year. It's an earnings impact and we're working, so as Paul said how to mitigate that and what the options there are, but we don't anticipate having any cash from the parent required.
Victoria Harker: And, obviously, Maura, this is Victoria. We are noncash tax payers and to any great extent we’re well positioned, but that's right. 
Victoria Harker: And Maura, this is Victoria. We've spent some time helping them model out what that service level comps looks like over the longer term. We're happy to do that off line, if it's helpful.
Victoria Harker: 2015 is our current projection. I think it still depends on where our long-term guidance turns out to be in other M&A of any significant size, but currently 2015, 2016 timeframe.
Victoria Harker: We are going to be updating guidance on our next call with our fourth quarter and year-end numbers. I think at this point we're still looking at. Not insignificant, obviously. It's a whole discussion that we've been having about North American gas prices that we're still working through that, but I think we just not – adjusted to any different range at this point.
Victoria Harker: It's TIPRA, yes.Neil Stein – Levin Capital Strategies:  Yes. And then also could you clarify the expected – this is going back to Maura's question – the expected gross margin at Eastern Energy in '10. I know in '07 it was $300 million and I believe she said it went down to zero. But if you could –
Victoria Harker: Yes, the net effect of having those in place earlier, Neil that have rolled off, yes.Neil Stein – Levin Capital Strategies:  Okay, that’s so helpful. Thank you. 
Andrés Gluski: Obviously, the results of the elections were widely predicted and it means I think more of the same. And a lot of the key players with which we've established relationships have been the same. So from our perspective its continuity and it means continuing with our current plans in country.Lasan Johong – RBC Capital Markets:  Thank you. 
Andrés Gluski: Sure. Some of the things that impacted our results, one is the higher fuel and energy purchases in Chile. Chile is having a very high year. And so we had to run, for example, Nueva Renca plants on diesel and that's really drove off the cost of fuel and energy purchases in Latin America.  Regarding Brazil you had the Parcel A discussions at the beginning of – actually end of last year, beginning of this year with ANEEL. And as a result of that, we had a slight decrease in the tariff in one of the sectors. It was a negotiation between the Association of [inaudible] and ANEEL, the regulator.  The other issue that we had was the forecasted CapEx spend at Eletropaulo. The actual CapEx spend was less, and therefore, we did not receive the return on that capital which we did not invest. So those are really the items that we've had affecting this quarter's result.  As you know, they've come out with a new proposal going forward for tariffs in Brazil that has a – main element that says a lower WACC for the country risk, which is dropping from around 9 to 7.15. It's a proposal and I think the market has expecting 8. We're, again, in negotiations. Over the next four months we'll have a final resolution of that.  And the market in Brazil for companies like, Eletropaulo, CEMIG expect to have reflected this change. So those are the changes in tariff in Brazil. Backward looking it was really the Parcel A specific case. It was having invested less in Eletropaulo and going forward is this new proposal from ANEEL.
Andrés Gluski: In Chile, as you know, Gener – about a third of Gener's income is coming from Columbia, which has also had unexpectedly a dry year. We also had a higher EFOR forced outages, which have caused us to burn the more diesel. So you're talking about maybe –
Andrés Gluski: Well, hydrology is reflected really via the reservoir level. So they are low. On the other hand, in terms of the – we had a [inaudible] at the beginning of the year and we expect to have lower forced outages. So we can use our more efficient plants.
