Andres Gluski: Thank you, Steve. In summary, 2023 was our best year ever as we met or exceeded all of our strategic and financial objectives across our guidance metrics, PPA signings, construction completions, and asset sales. We are seeing strong demand for renewables across the sector, particularly due to the unprecedented demand from data centers. As a result, we are not only upping our U.S. project return ranges, but increasing our expected average annual growth rates for adjusted EBITDA and adjusted earnings per share through 2027. Finally, our significant success with asset sales to date, as well as the outlook for the near future, gives us great comfort in our long-term funding plans. With that, I would like to open the call for questions.
Andres Gluski: David, I'd say it's a combination of things. First and foremost is the returns that we are [Technical Difficulty] on prior PPAs that we signed. So that's the first. We are seeing that we're getting higher returns. Second, what is driving these higher returns? You may recall for some time, maybe like three years ago, starting three, four years ago, I started saying that in select markets, there would be really a shortage of good renewable projects. These are markets like California, like PJM, New York. What we started to do was position ourselves and actually enter the queue, buy land rights, etcetera, to have projects to be able to fulfill this. I think that part of it is in these select markets, you are starting to see the shortage of renewables that we had been seeing. I think this is something that will spread market to market. It's not going to be true for all markets. Out West, there's a lot of land. There's not that much demand, but in select markets, you will be seeing that. I think that's also part of the result is that we are positioned in the right markets. The third thing I would say is that we're becoming more efficient in our construction and in our development process. Stay tuned. I think that will continue to improve. Realize that 2021, you had a lot of supply chain disruptions. Those are well past us and we're really getting to optimize that. Based on our greater efficiency, what we're seeing is that we are getting higher returns. We've also positioned ourselves, this is about our fourth year, fifth year of really positioning ourselves with large corporate customers. Those corporate customers have very strong demand growing very quickly. If you ask me from a sector point of view, I think the real question is, can we meet the demand that they have for Clean Energy in all of these markets? By the way, I would add Chile is a similar market to California where there's a real shortage of projects. There's a very strong demand from our customers and that we're very well placed. This is not like a catalyst. We had several pieces which are played out as we expected them to play out.
Andres Gluski: What you have is both. I think there are two key segments. One is the utilities. We have some of the fastest growing utilities in the U.S. Second, yes, we are also seeing better returns in the renewable sector. The combination of those two is resulting in a faster growth rate.
Andres Gluski: Let me sort of give a big picture, and then I'll pass it off to Steve. Look, what we're going after, really, as I said in my script, is really going after those projects, which provide the best financial benefits. You've known me for a while, I've never gone for growth for growth's sake. So really, what we want to do is maximize shareholder value on a per share basis. So really, this is an upgrading of the quality of the growth, more than a greater numeric growth. Now I do think that it's very important to understand sort of what market segments we're in. We're in the corporate segment, but we're also very heavily into the data center segment. And this is something, again, we've been working on for many years. We have really very good relationships with key clients, and that is a demand that's growing very quickly. And certainly, that we don't mention in our speech, quite frankly, because it's very early times. But we're really going to go after artificial intelligence as an efficiency improvement in the company. And we have a big kickoff meeting that we're going to have in the next couple of months. But this is something I think we've taken in a very sort of strategic line. Inderpal Bhandari, who was the global Chief Data Officer for IBM until 2023 has just joined our Board, and somebody who is very knowledgeable in the area. We also have Janet Davidson, who's also a PhD in computer science. It's interesting. I mean, right now, with Inderpal, we have 5 PhDs on our Board, which has got to be one of the highest percentages in things that run from computer science to finance to economics of business. So that's what I wanted to put it in. What we're pursuing is returns, we're pursuing value per share. And I think we've been very systematic now for many years in positioning ourselves in a given sector and learning about and preparing ourselves for the new technologies which are coming. So, there's a lot of buzzwords of AI. Well, what's behind this is 5, 6 years of getting ourselves in a position to really utilize the data and have the understanding of the company. So, with that, I'll pass it off to Steve to answer the other parts of your question.
Andres Gluski: Yes. Hi, Durgesh. That's a good question. Look, 2023 was a dramatic year where we increased construction, 100%. And we've been saying, look, we're not going to grow it at 100% per year. Now we've been signing over 5 gigawatts a year of new PPAs. So eventually, these two have to somewhat converge. I mean, at some point, we have to be cutting the ribbon on around 5 gigawatts. But that's not going to happen likely next year, just because of the timing of some of the projects. We also have a developing transfer project as well, and that's not part of our backlog, but it's part of the signing. So that also is part of the reason for that. So -- this is not a signal of anything. It just has to be the particular timing of the projects that we have. And again, we feel this year, very good about commissioning them all on time and on budget. We have 100% of the major equipment already secured and 80% of it is on site, which is we've never been that good this early in the process. And I think another thing important that Steve said, this is going to be reflected in our earnings profile, whereas we were very back-end loaded last year because of this very rapid growth. As growth enters a more steady state, we're going to have 40% of our earnings in the first half and only 60% in the second half. So, this is something we also worked very hard to achieve. So qualitatively, we feel [Technical Difficulty] here is 2024, 2025, you're going to have a catch up to the amount of PPAs that we're signing.
Andres Gluski: Hi, Angie. No, none whatsoever. In fact, as I said, we continue to operate better. And we are seeing that our older projects are giving the returns that we are actually giving better returns than we had forecast. So, we're not seeing that. I mean, we don't have perhaps that many older wins. We do have awful low gap, but we have not seen any degradation in performance.
Andres Gluski: Yes. And I'd like to add that we still plan to be out of coal by the end of 2027, and that we -- after 2025, we'll have somewhere about 1 gigawatt plant. And part of this is driven by the fact that these plants are still needed to for stability of the system, so we are not allowed to shut them down in part. I just wanted to clarify. So the strategic objective remains the same, it's just slightly delayed in time.
Andres Gluski: Well, I think, look, a rising tide lifts all boats. So I don't think this is a situation where there's just going to be like one technology that solves all the needs. So I don't see that any future where there's not, quite frankly, a shortage of renewable projects in the key markets. I know it takes a long time to permit nuclear plants. To my knowledge, excuse me, no new nuclear plants have been built, maybe even in the last decade, anywhere near budget. So on the one hand, I do think nuclear is part of the long-run solution, because I do agree. There's only so much land, so much interconnection. On the other hand, I think that the nuclear renaissance has yet to prove itself and it has yet to build out. So the demand from these clients is so strong. I mean, they are taking second best. Sometimes they can't get -- they want to require additionality because they really want to be part of the solution to climate change. Well, there are circumstances where they will take no additional audit and basically have recontract nuclear power today, at least 0 carbon. But the truth is that squeezing the balloon. That's taking 0 carbon energy off the grid. So I don't think -- I'll put it this way, I feel it's extraordinarily unlikely that the growth in renewables will stop and be replaced with nuclear power. And it's certainly in the next 5 years, I don't see it, and I see it very difficult in the next 10 years.
Andres Gluski: The scarcity -- look, we don't talk about individual projects, but we do talk about our averages. And so the return on the project will depend, obviously, if you have the suitable location, if it's providing something other than a plain vanilla. So all put together, what I can say is, again, on average, we're seeing an increase in our returns, looking backwards and looking forward, and corporate customers are our most important segment. But yes, we will not comment on sort of specific client areas.
Steve Coughlin: Yes. Hey, Nick. It's Steve. That's right. It's primarily because we're ahead on the asset sale target significantly from 2023. We had the $1.1 billion versus the $400 to $600 guidance. That's why the asset sale drag, as there's a lag to when we redeploy the capital and it's yielding again, is about $200 this year. A little higher than what we would have anticipated a year ago. Overall, good news for the [Technical Difficulty] but it is offsetting the growth that's coming from the rate base and utilities in the renewables projects. That's right.
Steve Coughlin: Yes. Definitely. The investment grade is a top priority. We designed the plan to meet the investment grade targets that we have. We built cushion into the metrics themselves, but also keep in mind that the quality and the duration of the cash flows in the business is transitioning dramatically. We're going to a much longer duration, average duration of contracts, more than -- is 20-year contracts. This is Clean Energy, no carbon risk. These are U.S. dollar contracts with large corporates, many of which are data center customers, big tech companies, very high-quality credit. It's both the solid credit metrics as well as the quality and profile of the cash flows that's evolving. We don't count on that when sizing the new debt. We count on the metrics, but the quality is improving as well. In terms of levers, the asset sale target is, as it's always been, has multiple ways that it can be achieved. There's some conservatism built in over the total. We have fully anticipated any temporal dilutive impacts in the numbers that we've given, as I said, but there is some flex there as needed. On the debt side, the investment grade is a top priority.
Steve Coughlin: The only thing I would add, David, is that looking at 2023, what we signed up was well within that new updated range.
Steve Coughlin: Yes. So, I would say, I think the mix roughly be maybe a little bit more on the renewable side, we're seeing the higher returns. So maybe that's above the 45 50-ish. So, it's going to be higher on the renewables. I think the utilities, as Andres said, will be a little bit more of a share. On the energy infrastructure, we did communicate that, that was going to shrink as we execute on the coal exit plan. Although for just a handful of assets, we extended that to 2027. So that dilution from those coal exits, this is the smaller portion, will be spread out over more time, which overall, I think, is a good thing in terms of the -- in the financials as well. So a little more renewables, a little more utilities and then the energy infrastructure is shrinking a little bit less, but it's still in that same range.
Steve Coughlin: Yes. No, I agree wholeheartedly that we're focused on cash returns, and that's primarily where the higher growth is coming from. You'll notice that it was really the EBITDA growth rate that ticked up the most. And so not really from tax credits. So, we had already talked about that about 40% of our pipeline was in energy communities that continues to be roughly the case. So, it's really from the cash generation of the assets that the increase in rates is coming up. And we're less focused on megawatts. So, it's roughly a similar amount of capital, maybe even a little bit lower. But if that means less megawatts, that's okay. We're focused on what are the best returns that we can get for our capital that's deployed. And that's cash based and not based on the credit.
Steve Coughlin: Yes, I had no problem to guess. So we had a solid year end on the credit metrics. So our thresholds are at 20% FFO to debt and we were roughly at 22% approximately. We do keep atleast a very strong cushion that’s very healthy. And going forward that ratio is actually improving over time in our plan. So for the end of 2024 I would expect it to be at least at 22 if not a little bit higher that. So the leverage of the company overall, we do get a lot of questions about it, but it is important to keep in mind we have a recourse, not recourse structure. And particularly in the non-recourse debt this is amortizing debt. I think not everyone is doing it that way and so our project debt is really amortizing and it serves by the cash flows from the projects. The parent debt level is actually going to be, it will come up a little bit over the planned period, but not a lot. So, it's $4.5 billion now. And as I said in my comments on the slides, maybe another 1 to 1.5 over the 4-year period, but it's going to be pretty stable.
Steve Coughlin: Yes. So Angie, as I was mentioning, the -- so there's just a handful of assets that we've extended through 2027, primarily due to the short remaining duration of the contracts, and it's making both operational sense as well as financial sense for us to remain the owner through the end of life. So there is some upside to that -- 2 upsides really. It smooths out the $750 million of EBITDA reduction from the coal exit plans throughout the 2025, 2026, 2027, 2028 period, so there's no real cliff. And then it does add to the EBITDA over the time frame. But it's one of the -- it's the smaller driver. The biggest driver of the EBITDA uplift is the higher returns we're realizing on the renewable projects, given the market dynamics that Andres discussed as well as the productivity and scale benefits we've realized in the portfolio and expect to continue to realize as we scale up.
Steve Coughlin: Ryan. So look, I mean AES has established itself as a dividend payer a long time ago. We've been consistently growing the dividend at that 4 to 6 range for quite a long time. Obviously, the company's success in the renewable space and now our utilities position for significant growth, has put us in front of a huge amount of growth opportunity, and we want to manage our capital sources appropriately. And so we are committed to our dividend. We want to continue to grow, but we felt on balance given the capital opportunities in front of us and the higher returns that growing the dividend at a little bit of a lower rate made sense at this point, particularly as we've seen higher returns coming from our growth investments.
Steve Coughlin: Well, we look at this -- so I'm not sure that you were pointing out, so we did grow at 4% this year. This is a policy that we take very seriously and thoughtfully. And so we weren't prepared -- we made that decision for this year, towards the end of last year. We weren't prepared to make this decision until we had thoroughly analyzed it and recently made that decision as we locked down our final plan here. And we think, therefore, it makes sense once we've made the decision to go ahead and implement it as soon as we're able, which will be 2025.
Steve Coughlin: Yes. So it will grow. And it's not timing so much as it's just the success of the business. As Andres said, we doubled our construction last year. And keep in mind that not all of the credits are recognized in year one in tax equity structures. It's roughly 1/3 get recognized in the second year. So that's boosting the credit this year as well as all of the projects that will come online this year, the new projects on top of that. The other thing that's driving it is the transfer of credit does get recognized earlier, essentially almost all in the first year. And so there's a greater mix of credits transferred in this vintage this year as we -- that grows as a component of how we monetize the credits. So that's driving it higher. But I don't expect this to have dipped, I think it will continue to rise as we head into the years ahead, as the growth program continues. And then keep in mind that we are benefiting from the energy community adder and a significant portion, which increases the credit. And our wind projects are all qualifying for domestic content also going forward. So that all else being equal, is driving the credit value up. And what's important for everyone to understand is the credit is cash and earnings. And the great thing about these -- particularly the investment credits, which is the lion's share of our mix of tax attributes is upfront. So you're getting a return on your capital investment of a significant portion, at least 30%, in some cases, up to 50% right away, which is a fantastic cash profile as well as an earnings profile.
