Andrés Gluski: Thanks, Tom. Before we take your questions, I would like to summarize today's call with the following takeaways. We're encouraged with the performance of our portfolio during the first half of the year. We're exploring all options to address the construction challenges at our Alto Maipo project in Chile. And we are hopeful that we will reach a resolution before your end. To drive our near-term growth, we are on track to complete our remaining projects under construction and our revenue enhancement and cost reduction initiatives. We have made significant progress towards repositioning our portfolio by adding renewables in natural gas with long term, U.S. dollar denominated contracts. We have continued to reduce our leverage to improve our credit profile and achieve investment grade metrics. Accordingly, we are reaffirming our 8% to 10% annual growth through 2020 in all key metrics including free cash flow earnings and dividend. Now, we'll be happy to take your questions.
Andrés Gluski: No, we expect to receive the cash from Gener, I mean there may be somewhat of a difference in terms of dividends versus return of capital. But otherwise, it will not affect our expected cash from Gener. In the short-term it actually provides more cash at Gener, and Gener is doing very well from a cash basis.
Andrés Gluski: It's a great question, Ali. Periodically since I became CEO, five years ago, we have used third parties to look at our strategy and look at our execution talking about banks, I am talking about consultants. To look at our strategy, and to look at our execution and see if there is any that we can increase value creation for our shareholders. So, we've continue to do that to have a really so give them card plants and say, okay, this is our portfolio, this is our plan, what we can do better? Now based on that, what we are seeing, if we execute on our plan, we expect our stock to react. And so, we really have to have a development of several quarters of hitting our numbers. Here is hitting our numbers and execute on these projects. Then execute on our cost savings. And if we do that, we think that our stock will react. Now, obviously, we are 70% filled outside of the U.S. 50% approximately in Latin America. And the last five years have - you've seen a secular decline in commodity prices and in Latin America. Now, we are starting to see turnaround in some other countries. I mean Brazil has actually stopped declining in terms of GDP. It's flat and starting to turn up. Argentina is doing much better. And certainly, Argentina is one case where we've seen the country to do significantly better. So, our forecast is based on a continuation of the current situation, but I think if you start seeing a turnaround from some of these countries that would-be upside.
Andrés Gluski: Sure, Angie. I think for sPower as you know has a pipeline of around 10 gigawatts. But as you saw in what we were forecasting we have about less than 2 gigawatts over the next three years of growth coming from renewables and a good part of that is sPower. So, sPower has a number of facilities currently under PPA to be built. And it also is an exclusive negotiation for quite a lot of gigawatts well. So, that's one way we see it. We also see that it gives us a scale to be more competitive on renewables especially solar around the world. So, giving us to that scale to buy panels and balance of plan as cheaply as possible, improve our designs and then the same thing with wind. So, if you see what we've done lately, I mean we have quite a lot of renewable not only in the states, we have it on our platform whether it'd be Jaite [ph]. We have another project in Mexico which are both over 300 megawatts. And I would say that outside of the U.S., the returns tend to be higher, especially when we use our platform especially when we are financing it locally. So, all these platforms expansions we are looking at mid to higher-teens returns and we're looking at sort of low double-digits in the states for return. So, this is how they contribute them. I don't know if Tom, you'd like to add something.
Andrés Gluski: Yes, we have procured the panels, we have secured the panels for everything we have under PPA. Now of course you know in terms of the projects and advanced negotiation, we will match up the purchase of the panels with having the contract, we don't want to be long or short panels.
Andrés Gluski: Well, this really would be a decision at AES Gener and it would be strictly again AES Gener not an AES contribution. But it would have to be part of a complete solution, which includes greater financial flexibility and a modification of the contracts we have where the contractors are say stick to the milestones and stick to the progress that we expect from them. So, these are the two changes that we have to occur. Now having said this, if Alto Maipo is completed, will give AES Gener 750 megawatts of hydro next is country's load in Santiago and it's an asset that will last 100 years so we're evaluating the possibilities and we're trying to get everybody lined up and so as I said, we will have ourselves and AES Gener have indicated we will have a lot of discipline when it comes to any additional money, in addition to what's been committed.
Andrés Gluski: If I understand your question correctly if the contractors comply with the restructuring that we did earlier this year, that would be sufficient to me that we have sufficient funds to meet that plus have some contingency. So, yes that would adequate. What concerned us is we had to terminate one contractor it's the smaller of the two contractors but we really have to have a performance that's in line with what they had committed to.
Andrés Gluski: That's correct. We have to have modification construction contracts to make sure that they're delivering and don't miss the milestones in the targets.
Andrés Gluski: Sure. As I said, this is a market that is expected to grow almost by a factor of 10 in over five years. So, obviously it's going to grow very quickly and that's going to require funds at the JV. So, we expect - we don't expect as significant contributions from the JV for two years, it might be a modest drag, very slight. And then afterwards, we would expect it to use that funds to continue to grow slightly. So, it'd be some time before we get cash back from the JV, if it successful and growing very quickly. But we would expect to use as non-consolidated subsidiary to have the earnings from that two years of going forward. So, this is I think very promising. It certainly a unique JV, because nobody has our experience, 19-year platform which has been used for 10 years and Siemens is globally reach. And one thing to understand is Siemens has also contributing their energy storage solution which consist storage, which is more sort of C&I, just smaller. So, the two are complementary, so this will allow us to have the full gambit. So basically, what we have in our guidance right now is very conservative, so JV does very well, there will be upside. But I would expect it to take two years to really start materializing, but we think this is very promising. Now, we will also have energy storage of our own on our platform and we will be a client affluent for our own projects. For example, such as Southland.
Andrés Gluski: It will be a combination of both. So, obviously Siemens has a lot of experience on this. So, there will be a margin on the sale and then there will be a margin on services. And obviously you try to have a balanced. Again, there is a lot of interesting possibilities here, as you know there is Siemens has a financing hour to make this. So, we'll have to see how the market develops and what are the different options. So, we have a great team I think there is tremendous energies between the two and stay tune.
Andrés Gluski: So, there is various puts and takes our reaffirmation guidance today is based on four curves as of June 30th. We've done a lot of effort to reduce some of the evolve in foreign currencies we're now 80% U.S. dollar so to the extent there's any uplift that less than it has been also have hedges in place for on a rolling one to three-year basis depending upon where we are so net-net we're looking at forward curves as of June 30th.
Andrés Gluski: Sure. This is Andrés. As we said, we'll continue to sell assets and churn that capital. As you know this year we're likely to leave Kazakhstan being one less country. We have a number of sales going on some are for the whole asset and some are partial sell downs. So, we will let you know when these occur, we don't like to let them know ahead of time because we can have operations impacts. Thinking about our portfolio what we've always said is that we've gone from 30 countries. We'll be down to 16 by the year end anywhere between 12 and 15 is the right number. I think what's most important for us is that we really have platforms from which we can expand that their true synergies and economies of scale and rather than just a number of countries so we have two adjacent countries and the market's being integrated say something like Central America it's placed where it's in the number of countries than really what does it take to manage these assets well. So, we really look at those situations where we can add more value, we're more likely to sell down and we don't see expansion opportunities for sell down where we don't see synergies to sell down. So, as I think we said in the past to give the numbers of $200 million to $300 million ongoing - we'll continue to do this and to perfect our portfolio so as we've said we've been moving much more into dollar denominated contracts. We have a big expansion of gas whether it be Southland, whether it be Eagle Valley, whether Colon in Panama and also obviously renewables and our vision is how do you integrate all of these renewables plus the thermal or conventional energy to provide more attractive and competitive solutions for our clients.
Andrés Gluski: To the - sorry. Keep in mind about 80% of the capital is funded through non-recourse debt and equity, it would expect to fund but to the extent there is other sources of funding that could hands returns we'll certainly keep our eyes open.
Andrés Gluski: Yes, Alto Maipo, yes, we've done about 40% of the tunneling new project, if you take everything else civil works is more like at 53%, 54% completed. So, the main issue is the progress rates on the tunnels. Now, since one of the contractors left, we've had actual manufacturer working on the TBM internal boring machine, making better progress than they had. So, the issues really one of our tunneling rates and costs.
Thomas O'Flynn: Well, it's a - most of that is 40% of year-to-date, we tend to be somewhat seasonal towards the second half, so it puts us right within the range and right within our guidance.
Thomas O'Flynn: Well, it's important that and Gener maintain its investment grade rating. And Gener I would expect AES Gener to take all steps to maintain its investment grade rating.
Thomas O'Flynn: No, I think that covers at it mean. Angie, we showed some of the growth on page nine, I think those are relatively conservative because our focus on signed PPA and things with exclusive negotiations obviously we - the teams are focusing on bigger things, I think it's consistent from sPower perspective, it's consistent of what we said, we expect them to do about 500 megawatts a year of new projects probably three to four to start and six to seven of as you look over four to five-year period. So, slide nine would be generally consistent. And then also be generally consistent with our growth is driven by new projects, by continued cost management and few capital allocation and investments and things like sPower.
Thomas O'Flynn: Stephen, its Tom. There may be, remember we already have a large NOL, so anything that we had would really add to that NOL, but our NOL is over $3.5 billion at year end so…
Thomas O'Flynn: Yeah, I don't know the details of the closure of the coal plants. But it would be longer term NOL benefit.
Thomas O'Flynn: Let see, we owned 67% of AES Gener. AES Gener to cover for a nominal's amount of the 40% that our share our partner had - our local partner had in Alto Maipo. So, now we have about a 93% share. So, it will depend on how the negotiations go, because the contract has 7%. So, as part of the solution, they could take a greater stake. So, I don't see anything meaningful happening to the sort of 62% like we one or two up but or down. So, we'll have to see but now it's not going to go up materially.
Thomas O'Flynn: That's fair. Obviously, Alto Maipo will not fulfill ROE expectations. We have been reducing them overtime. The decision what we made on the basis of marginal returns from marginal investments.
Thomas O'Flynn: Well, Fluence is a commercial operation. We've always seen our energy storage is a business and a need to make profit for it. Now, Fluence will continue to upgrade the design, look at ways stripping out the cause, looking at new applications. I mean, one of the things we've only - I'd say there's a lot more applications for energy storage that have been deployed to date. So those are all those things that Fluence will do. So, there will be some design and some creations of innovation at Fluence. But it's not just a sort of or indeed for its own sake. It's exceptionally commercial orientation.
Thomas O'Flynn: I think again we're paying a 4% dividend and we're looking at 8% to 10% growth, that puts sort of 12% to 14% range. And we think we have upside from things like a recovery in the secular sort of cycle that we've seen in the countries - some of the countries where we operate and there have always been cycles in the last five years it's basically even in one direction, it's been down.
Thomas O'Flynn: The growth has been down in all these countries. We have things like Fluence, which would be upside. And the other thing to mention, if you compare us to U.S utilities is that I say two things, one, we're trading at a much lower PE, so as we improve our credit we would expect to have an uptick on our TE, same thing, if we deliver on our results. And the other thing, is we are in markets which are growing. Because it's in the states, we're doing what everybody is doing in terms of switching to gas, doing renewables. We have the upside of seeing with sPower and how can we incorporate more energy storage on to that base, but it's very - it's nice to be in countries where demand is growing anywhere from 5% to 10%. So again, we tend to be conservative on our estimates. We're using forward curves. And at some point, we think the cycles beginning to turn around.
Thomas O'Flynn: Yes. I would say when we looked at it put our guidance in February through 2020 we had dialed it back considerably. It had some modest contributions quite modest in 2019 and 2020. So, within our guidance range here, it was very modest. Obviously, if we extend it goes forward, it could have more meaningful, but as Andrés said. It's certainly much lower ROE, IRRs than we initially envisioned three years ago, when we went with the project.
Thomas O'Flynn: Because we're fairly literal with our commitment so we certainly vision that we enclose the financing is a firm commitment so that's we got...
Thomas O'Flynn: What I would say Greg, we've made a big step-up, we have a good growth platform, not to say that we wouldn't opportunistic with some purchase that would add-on, but it would really, I have to provide operating synergies and other things. So, we're position with sufficient scale, especially when you think of us on a global basis. So, we certainly don't have to make any acquisitions at this time. And of course, we'll continue to be very disciplined, so I think it was very important to establish a beachhead which then allowed us to move to the direction of the market growing, but we certainly don't have to make any sort of follow-up if there were some assets that were adjacent to or provided synergies or gave us a bigger footprint with a particular client, we would look at those.
Thomas O'Flynn: Well, that's certainly is not high on our list. And what I can say we are on a gradual transition, our coal plants are under contract. Those which are merchant which will be the disposing of over the next couple of years, so we're making that big transaction, we have - between those dispositions in the U.S. but we've done in Kazakhstan in some other places, we've already reduced our coal fleet by a quarter in just a last couple of years.
Thomas O'Flynn: Yeah. I think Steve, bottom-line we would. I mean it's various puts and takes. Currencies have been help some commodity offsets if you said so, I mean we're kind of bundle them altogether and do a check at June 30, 2017.
Thomas O'Flynn: Well, I think it's a correct assess we're focusing more on certain markets, suddenly where we have the bigger footprint. So, sort of Eurasia Group, there is certainly some opportunities in northern island where we are looking at things in Vietnam, quite attractive and potentially some add-ons in India. We're doing our energy, the first grid scale energy storage project in India together with Tata Group. So, those are the three where we have the sort of some development activity going on in other countries we do not have any activity going on. But this is the result, we were leaving Kazakhstan as we've said and we've gotten out of number of countries as most of the countries that we've gotten out of actually we're in the Eurasia region. So, we will be making significant synergies. The headquarters will be in Amsterdam, which is better than from the States, you only have sort of six given our time difference with the region and its much closer from flights.
