Andrés Gluski: Thanks Gustavo. Before we take your questions let me summarize today's call. 2019 is off to a good start as demonstrated by our financial results and progress on our strategic goals. We remain on track to attain investment grade ratings in 2020. We are completing our large conventional construction projects. We are signing long-term U.S. dollar denominated PPAs for renewables. We are leveraging our position and experience to expand our LNG infrastructure business and we are targeting $100 million of additional annual cost savings further enhancing the resilience of our 7% to 9% average annual growth target. Accordingly we remain confident in our ability to deliver attractive double-digit total return to our shareholders. Operator we are now ready to take questions.
Andrés Gluski: That's a great question. So first let me be very clear, this is additional to the programs that we have announced in the past and this is also net of any cost to achieve those savings. We feel very confident in achieving these savings because this is about 5% of expense on those categories and these initiatives are currently underway. So with that said it's also sort of growing over time because this is an annual run rate savings. So as you correctly point out, the larger benefits will be in 2021 and 2022. So you know by 2021 we should probably have about half of these savings and the full amount would be in the run rate of 2022. 
Andrés Gluski: What this includes is that we are committed to, projects which are under construction and being completed includes all the renewables but it also includes a run rate in renewable, getting into new projects that hit that 2 to 3 gigawatts of annual capacity. So it will include a portion of those expected PPAs that we're signing as we on go because between signing and completion it is about 18 months so obviously some of the things that are in that number have not yet been signed. So it includes part of the run rate.
Andrés Gluski: So Tiete they haven't announced yet how they're going to fund it so we can't comment on that. But if needed that would come from that $1.5 billion of projected PPAs that we have in the chart. 
Andrés Gluski: You know as I said a lot of the infrastructure already exists. So it really depends on the timing of the additional investments. So you know we've completed what we said we would do by 2022. So basically we already have that. So I think basically we have let's see, we have probably about 30% still to go. So we have about 50 TBTUs so between the Caribbean and Central America and that just is a question of when we sign up more customers. So stay tuned, I think we are doing very well and quite frankly with relative prices today of U.S. based LNG and oil it is very attractive for customers to sign up. So we've completed what we said we would do and now we're actively pursuing those additional $0.03.
Andrés Gluski: Yeah, let me be clear here. So a portion of that savings will be obviously at the sub level but however this is what we expect to flow up to Corp. Okay, so this is basically we expect $100 million of savings to what hits Corp even though a lot of those savings will occur in subs but that means that obviously there will be additional savings which we'll share with our partners. So this is what actually hits AES. 
Andrés Gluski: Obviously the SG&A a savings especially at Corp are relatively small. A lot of this is operational efficiencies, predictive maintenance, less outages, better planning. So we feel very confident because a lot of these are things which some other companies have done. So we're really leapfrogging here to put ourselves at the leading edge. As you know we hired a new Chief Information Digital Officer, Sanjeev Addala. He's working hand-in-hand with our Chief Operational Officer, Bernard Da Santos. So you know we feel very good about this and going forward we've identified where the savings would come from and it's also pretty leapfrogging and catching up with the leading edge of all of our other companies around the world.
Andrés Gluski: Well, as we said it is sort of green, blend and extend, what does it essentially consist of. You have a long-term thermal contract where we really make our returns on the capacity payments and energy is a pass through. So we basically go to the client and say we will replace a portion of the energy being generated by the thermal plant with renewable energy if you sign a long-term PPA. So this is a win-win from both because we get a new contract for renewal and get a return on that and we still get our capacity payment. So part of this is that you have to relearn how to run our thermal plants at a lower margin to make space for renewable.  Now in the case of Mexico we have picked up which are thermal plants. Of course in Chile we have a number of thermal plants where we've already been applying this with our large commercial and industrial customers. And in Puerto Rico you may have seen that we are in discussions with PURPA to see how we could have some modifications to allow for green, blend and extend as well. So basically we are reacting to customers desires for more green energy. In many cases the cost of the energy is lower than the variable cost of running the thermal plant and we're lowering carbon footprints in line with what they desire. And very importantly we're keeping the capacity because you know when everybody talks about renewables that's great for energy but what about capacity, the ability to retain the lights on 24/7. So we really feel that there are two ways to do it, the green, blend and extend or energy storage. And I think we're well-positioned in both sides.
Andrés Gluski: Yeah, I mean we continue to execute on our plan. I think it's going very well. I believe now we have six tunnel boring machines in operation and we remain on track for what we've said in the past of completing this project by starting in 2020. So I guess that's the only update that I can really say that we're -- since we did the restructuring where the contractor has a lot more say skin in the game and applied the learnings that we've had over the last couple of years we're executing as per the plan.
Andrés Gluski: Well, our strategy in Mexico has always been to sign a long-term dollar denominated contracts with investment grade off takers in the private sector. So we're relatively a little exposed let's say to some of the changes that they have announced for the CFE and others. So our projects continue, I think our clients are looking for green energy. In many case they're looking for the green, blend and extend. So those projects continue on track and we expect to be signing more sort of green, blend and extend projects in Mexico.
Andrés Gluski: What it says again we're adding resilience to our forecasts. So the additional $100 million of cost savings realize that the DMR where it's really crucial was at DPL level. And it's crucial for DPL to undertake its modernization program. 
Andrés Gluski: Sure. Steve, as I have said in the past in Argentina I don't see it as anything sort of binary. So, really the question is, is there any degradation in the earnings. And we've seen a slight degradation of $0.01 to $0.02 from let's say where we were thinking maybe a year ago. So Argentina assets are excellent assets and it's a very robust business. Since I've been involved in the Argentine business since the year 2000 we've made money every year. We've paid dividends every year. We did have three years where we were unable to convert those dividends into dollars because there were currency restrictions in place. So to put it in perspective. So, first it is a very resilient business and depending on government policies there could be some degradation but it's not a binary issue I believe.  I think with the political situation in Argentina they're having elections in October and we'll see who wins, whether it's a continuation of the current president, could be Lavagna who's a Peronist or you could have Cristina Kirchner who is running on her own. And so we'll have to see. I don't think there'll be any immediate regardless of who wins, I don't think there will be any immediate outcome or changes in this sector that would require laws for it to change. I think that the -- as I said in the past when people got very worried about the exchange rate in Argentina I said look they had a terrible harvest, 30% lower but they're increasing, they're up. If they have normal harvests and with the increase in their natural gas exports, I think reaching exports of natural gas eliminating imports I think that side looks a lot stronger. So it's really a question of what -- how the change in the regulatory structure is. We've been there before and as I said it's not a binary issue. Overall we feel cautiously optimistic that things will continue more or less as they are today.
Andrés Gluski: Yeah, first what we had was a thermal event. We didn't really have a fire per say. And you're right there have been over the years, this is nothing new, over the years a number of thermal events or fires in lithium ion batteries in everything from cars to energy storage. So this is not totally new. So we have to investigate what was it that occurred in this event, exactly what was the root cause and make sure that we engineer or take all precautions to really minimize the likelihood of such an event in the past. Things are changing in terms of some of the technologies but you know we've had lithium ion batteries on a grid scale 10 to 40 megawatts operating for 10 years already without an incident. So we're investigating it, there's not much I can say at this point but as I mentioned we will share the crucial aspects of the finding to make sure that everybody takes whatever precautionary measures can be taken. So this is not -- there's not a repeat of this event.
Gustavo Pimenta: Gustavo here. If I can complement I would say probably 70% to 80% is somewhat in the pocket, so deals that we've signed but as Andrés said there is a proportion yet to be allocated that's expected to be captured. So things like investments in subs would fall under that category.
Gustavo Pimenta: Sure. Julien, this is Gustavo. The 50% is mostly driven by the fact that 50% or even more of our free cash flow has been deployed in the U.S. It's more equity going to the U.S. and therefore you see that the proportion of the U.S. growing. We are growing the distribution business IPL, DPL as well so that that's the main driver. As we've mentioned in the last call from our perspective a lot of the renewables are outside the U.S. so the growth is not really from an ITC PPC recognition is not really a major driver for a 7% to 9%. And a lot of the growth is 7% to 9%. We do have a lot of deals already in the pocket like something coming online or PPC cost cutting things like that. So it's not a major driver in our case because as I said 50% is in the U.S. Even in the U.S. you have 40% wind which has a low impact. And I think what is more important our cash flow is also growing at 7% to 9% ratio which kind of reinforce the quality of the earnings.
Gustavo Pimenta: No, it hasn't moved maturely Greg. Greg, this is Gustavo. It hasn’t moved maturely. We continue to be mostly dollar denominated. And if anything and when there is a remaining exposure in some particular market we do pursue a hedge here at Corp to offset that. So it's not something that we are concerned with and no mature differences versus where we were before. 
Gustavo Pimenta: Yeah Greg, Gustavo again. Yeah, you're right. I think the only major change from the prior disclosure has been Highlander which we got the approvals, it took a little bit longer than we initially forecasted. So we move at that, you're going to see in the appendix we move on that to 2020 and 2021. So initially it was part of that was in 2019. That's the only change. So the rest is in line.
Gustavo Pimenta: Yeah, we assume a continuation, we haven't disclosed the particular number there but we assume a continuation of our support. We believe it's needed. And yes it is in our projections.
Gustavo Pimenta: This is Gustavo again. Yeah, that's right. It's mostly driven by the mix. We're not seeing any mature change versus what we had anticipated which is somewhat between 29% and 31% for the year. But yes on a quarter after quarter we should have and it's not uncommon to have similar activity and driven by the mix. But on a full year basis it should be normalized in the 29% to 31% should be the final number.
Gustavo Pimenta: Yeah. Hey Greg, Gustavo here. Yes, the impact in the quarter as we mentioned in my prepared remarks present in the case of Argentina and also in Panama with Changuinola were expected. So we had that in our plan already. So 1Q came really in line with our initial projections and expectations so there was no need for us to adjust going forward. And again while we are catching up towards the year end as I said also in my prepared remarks we are having 2.2 gigawatt coming online from today until December and that's going to be a major driver of earnings going forward. So that's why you see this variance quarter after quarter. 
