Andres Gluski: Good morning everyone and welcome to our fourth quarter earnings call. Today I will briefly cover our results and the progress we have made on our strategic plan. Then Tom will give a detailed discussion of our results, as well as our expectations for the future. After that I will provide additional color on our plan to drive our growth going forward. Turning first to our results on Slide 4. As I look back on 2013 I am pleased to report that we achieved strong results. We met or exceeded our guidance for every metric and that is due to the hard work and dedication of our entire team. In the fourth quarter we earned $0.29 of adjusted EPS, which is $0.02 less than what we earned in 2012, due to a $0.02 headwind from poor hydrology and a $0.04 expense related to potential customer refunds at Eletropaulo. For the full year 2013 we earned adjusted EPS of $1.29, which is a new high and 7% above 2012. We achieved these results despite a $0.13 impact on earnings in 2013 from the unprecedented drought in Latin America. This was offset by capital allocation, lower G&A expenses, and lower effective tax rate. Over the past two years our adjusted EPS has grown on average by more than 8% annual. Turning to cash flow. Our fourth quarter proportional free cash flow grew by 19% over 2012, driven primarily by higher operating cash flow. Our full year 2013 proportional free cash flow was $1.25 billion and represents a free cash flow yield of 12%. Since 2011 our proportional free cash flow has grown on average 13% annually, reflecting our strong cash flows and in accordance with our dividend policy, we increased our dividend payment by 25% to $0.05 per share each quarter beginning in the first quarter of 2014. Now, turning to Slide 5. I believe our results to-date show our commitment to grow shareholder value through the three main strategic objectives we set forth in 2011. Improving the profitability of the company through overhead reduction and making greater use of our portfolio synergies and scale economies, narrowing our geographic focus by concentrating our growth on platform expansion in those markets where we have a sustainable competitive advantage and exiting those markets where we do not, and optimizing our capital allocation to compete our growth projects risk adjusted returns against the benefit of share buybacks and debt paydowns. Turning to Slide 6. During the year, we were able to close or announce $497 million in asset sales, bringing our total to $1.4 billion since we started the program in September of 2011. We have simplified our portfolio and we now operate in 20 countries, down from 28, two years ago. As you can see on Slide 7, the funds from these sales contributed to our available discretionary cash, which we have used to maximize the risk adjusted return to our shareholders. In fact, since 2011, we have paid down a $1 billion in debt; we have bought back 59 million shares for $711 million at an average price $12.03 per share and reduced our share count by 8%. Lastly, turning to Slide 8. We achieved an additional $53 million in sustainable overhead savings in 2013, bringing our total to $143 million for a reduction of more than 30% over the past two years. Last quarter, we increased the targeted reduction in our overhead run rate to $200 million by 2015. Now, before I walk you through our long-term plan, let me turn this call over to Tom, who will provide additional detail on our results and our expectations for growth in earnings and cash flow over the next five years.
Andres Gluski: Excuse me. That takes into consideration what we discussed on the call. In terms of a slightly lower hydro conditions overall and including Panama, it also includes the actions that we have taken to make ourselves say less sensitive to low hydrology than we had last year.
Andres Gluski: Given what our projections take into account what we've seen at hydrology, we expect some recovery and yes, that would put us within that range.
Andres Gluski: Sure, I mean what it does, I mean -- this -- we are let's say protected through the end of this year due to the actions that we took in the past. It would depend of course but I would say somewhere around $0.10 is about -- could be a little bit more, could be a bit less but that's, that's more or less where that sensitivity is.
Andres Gluski: Well it's -- that would be a change and I quite frankly say tax policy but going forward. So I think that yes, that's correct. Now what is important I think to keep in mind this will be non-cash for us. We have a stock of NOLs around $2 billion and we continue to generate NOLs and so this would not affect us from our cash generation point of view.
Andres Gluski: Brian, by the way, one thing I'd like to clarify on your question regarding CFC look-through rule that's sort of $0.10 but again we're going to take additional steps if we see that this is going to happen. So just like in the past if you recall two years ago, we said we had more of the same sensitivity. We were all able to offset that. So we're going to take steps but before we had those steps actually in hand that's what the sensitivity would be.
Andres Gluski: Well I just say that if we can sell the generation on reasonable terms it could be modestly accretive.
Andres Gluski: Okay. So gross numbers. The program we have at IPL we're operating at 2400 megawatts is about $500 million. The programs we have in Chile are around $200 million. And so the Chile -- that the difference in the sense that the ones at IPL become partner rate-based and the ones in Chile do not. And so the ones in Chile again we expect to complete by '14.
Andres Gluski: It really is the biggest driver. It's the biggest driver of the improvement and with number of components to it but if you look at sustained cash flow improvement proportional free cash flow the biggest driver is out at Chile.
Andres Gluski: Well, I think we showed on the past that we are looking at various options and we will continue to look at various options and see really what's the best outcome for us and our partners at Riverstone.
Andres Gluski: I would like so it's important to us to continue to look at this, but I'm not going to sort of rank them.
Andres Gluski: First in terms of giving a sort of a longer-term planned horizon, as we're seeing our strategies play out and we're seeing the results of that strategy, we felt more confident in terms of being able to give a longer view of where the business would be going. To specifically answer the question of cash flow, there will be some lumpiness obviously because one of the key driver is when new plants come online. So we really have two things going on. One is to the extent that we can get some of the shorter term sort of adjacencies and enhancements and other profit improvements also will contribute in the shorter term and the other longer term will be when the newer plants come online. And as you can see we have a lot of plants coming on line '15 through '18.
Andres Gluski: I think that again regarding sort of Eletropaulo I would say the following one is that in Brazil, they basically have sort of a sharing mechanism for when there is a low hydrology between all the generators. So that it's not sort of directly specific to one business in particular when the cost of generation go up in the past the Brazilian Government has stepped in and helped with make credit available. Because there is a recovery mechanism even though it is overtime but it can cost shorter term liquidity problems so that the Brazilian Government has addressed that. What I would say, which is very important when people try to compare this say back to 2002, because in 2002, Brazil had 4 gigawatts of thermal, it has 22 today. So that's a very important difference and have the experience. The other that there can be some benefit of therefore for example at Uduvayana (ph) where we see that we are likely to be running this plant in March and April. So there are some benefits from that. I don't know Andy would you like to add something.
Andres Gluski: That's correct. I mean since our last call they state $150 million. We have an agreement in terms of part of those statements like around $76 million I believe is to be made over time and we have to see that they comply with that. So we continue to monitor it but we have gotten past I would say the worse of the heating season in Bulgaria without any sort of political repercussions. And certainly the governments focused on improving NEK and in terms of the financial situation of NEK. I think the great advantage of Bulgaria as I've said in the past it has a very little foreign debt so it's truly a question of NEK that's not a case where the government on some other occasions raise money and to inject it into NEK back that they so decided.
Andres Gluski: Yes, I'll go ahead and pass this one on to Andy, but you're correct in the sense that the dispatch of the hydro in Panama is controlled by the government. But we've made some changes to some of our contracts and done some other things to reduce our exposure. One of them is including is that we sold down a portion (inaudible) to the government so that with the government is a co-owner of all of our plants in Panama. Andy would you like to add to that. 
Andres Gluski: We're assuming a 125, sort of where the market will be at. Our contracts today are about 116, no the existing ones. But I'm saying the ones -- that the portion that we have recontracted in the market so that's a step down from 180 to about 125.
Andres Gluski: You asked that I mean it's really a question of getting the gaps. We have two projects in very advanced stages of development. We are actually ready to go on them, of course in Brazil you have to win the bid. So that's an aspect in terms of how the bids are defined. Whether you have for example a gas specific one, whether you have like a gas factor that certainly would help. But there is still the issue of physical getting the gas. As you know we do have Uduvayana, which is 670 megawatts written off, only ready to go we're going to run it in March and in April. And the solution there you know what we have been working very hard with both governments is to be able to get gas to Uduvayana through Argentina. For these sort of temporary runs Petrobas will be supplying the LNG to Argentina, will use existing pipelines. But that really would be a fantastic solution because we have a plant for free. Now the question is at what price can we get gas and right now deliver gas to Uduvayana is around $25 to million BT use. If we get it down to a more reasonable rate then it will be a competitive plan.
Andres Gluski: In terms of contribution timeline. I mean if we start construction on them, we do have assumptions for using our pre-cash flow and capital allocation. But what can be shorter term again can be the adjacency. I had mentioned them on our call previously and that we're trying to get our hands around and put a stake in the round $40 million of PTC by 2015. So these are much shorter terms, much higher returns, but if you look at the bigger projects, we just started to now after (inaudible) and OPGC-2 and there'll also be sort of a 2018 stuff. So that will 6000 megawatts have a longer term horizon. 
Andres Gluski: We have you know certain improvements embedded debt. I say the way to think about it, Ali, is we have $3 billion of discretionary spend or a variable spend. So something like a 5% improvement you know is something that we think is realistic. 
Andres Gluski: We really set out say a goal of around 400 this year and then we will complete the rest in '15. You think it happened for example that they do take some time as we have Cameroon close, we have done everything that we can in our share and on our side and we expect this to close sometime probably in March. So that they do take some time, there's some lag between the time that we reach an agreement. But the other thing is we are not going to do any fire sales like we haven't done and we'll sell in a manner where we really maximize the volume of those assets. And so we don't feel necessarily rush to do it. We will do it as part of our strategic plan to simplify help us cut cost, help our focus, but also taking to account there is appropriate timing to maximize the value.
Andres Gluski: I really wouldn't want to comment on that I think at this stage. I think we have shown our willingness to step up as we did in December with the CIC sell down, so you can assume that but I'm not going to make any commitment in terms of whether we will use that authorization.
Andres Gluski: I would say really it's a cost cut. It's more of a strategic because we have a -- as we transition and again we haven't taken any -- we're transitioning it out of the combined entity, but it's really a sort of a merchant position in PJM and really whether we thought that was the right bit for us.
Tom O'Flynn: Yes, I think parent will grow around the same. So we see a proportional free cash flow growing 10% to 15%. There could be cases when the parent can grow more because it’s a little more leveraged let's say -- is -- is that the further on down the chain. The one thing I do want to point out is that, I just made sure it was clear, lot of proportional free cash flow debt go to debt paydown at the subs. And we generally say it's around 500 last year, its 560. So that doesn't increase the value of the subs, the subs increases the value to us and that we get that through growth or through other distributions. In some cases the parent cash flow can grow faster than proportional free cash flow because of return of capital. And in the slide well we showed a little bit of return of capital last year.
Tom O'Flynn: The way I think is we have a balanced approach and I think we've shown that. I think we have to look at the long-term growth of the company. I think the returns that we're getting especially on some of the adjacencies are very attractive and compete with anything. And so we'll continue to do that, take a balanced approach and we will complete new projects versus buying back our shares or paying down debt. So I think we'll continue to do what we've shown we've done and taking into balance what we see as sort of the long-term growth of the company and the other one offer opportunities to buy back our shares at an attractive price.
Tom O'Flynn: Julien, its Tom. So we did file an application for our separation. We filed an application that was referring nature shortly before New Year's in '13. We filed a little more detailed application. Yesterday that should be available via PUCO website. Basically gives a little more color on the methodology of separating the DP&L generation assets into a gentle affiliate. We're doing that layout that we've also begin to consider potential sale of the full DP&L's 3,000 megawatts plus generation fleet. We're doing that layout that we believe that if we do that the transition charges at the NBC and other related revenue stream should be retained by DP&L TND and the arguments that are laid out there that we think are very solid in the process. Just with respect to the process, we are just beginning. So as I said in my comments are kind of too soon to give any commentary. On the disc ops I'll have to get back to on that one in terms of I don't think it's a separate business, so I think it would change kind of midstream as opposed to get disc ops during the year but we're still working through that.
Tom O'Flynn: No, Ali, I think the midpoint was I think was 1.43, 1.44 and this implies about 1.41. So I think it's just Ben who has a calculator in his hand. So I think it's pretty much in the same neighborhood, so.
Tom O'Flynn: I think I'd say Ali keep in mind that we got a portfolio management activity that could be dilutive. So at the end of the day there could be offsets. But yes, on a standalone basis we're doing on the right terms to be accretive.
Tom O'Flynn: No, no, that was a completely different animals. In other words, when we talk about $200 million, we're talking about G&A, sort of global overhead. When you talk about the $250 million, that's really at the operational level.
Tom O'Flynn: Well, I think that they two go hand-in-hand and the retail was really way to place our generation capacity. So certainly we would look at that.
Tom O'Flynn: No. I mean, basically I mean, we will put it this way. No not, because of Chilean bank our involvement in the syndicate basically as we mentioned that because we see the business financing and if you really look at the growth of (inaudible) over the past six plus years, it really hasn't required any money from AES, because what we are able to do is have strategic partnerships of the local capital and so, we double the amount of capacity asset business using local financing and local equity partners. And so, that has worked very well. So what we are looking is we will do something like that because (inaudible) really seeing this financing because as you know they are not going to buy AES stock but they have to buy local paper and they very much like in there. So what we want to and this is a very important strategic trust for us is to really make use of different levels of capital to maximize the return on our equity and that means if it allows us to what we call sculpt, and that means the size of the project we may not want to take 100% of a given risk in a given market. So this allows us to reach the optimal size for our portfolio, redeploy some cash and also look at this again from a portfolio prospect. So that is the significant change in the way we've historically looked at capital here.
Andrew Vesey: So Brian it was negative, it was just reassured but it was negative to gas, even at that time so there's no change of the sensitivity.
Andrew Vesey: Yes, this is Andy Vesey, Chris. Just specifically around EP in terms of how it's exposed to -- what it's exposure to hydrological risk. When the EP actually had our Sul businesses under regulation in Brazil and under Brazil would work with they would always be just almost fully contracted with not more in the marketplace. Well at that case the impact would almost be negligible for the distribution businesses, but what has happened in Brazil is what used to be called MP579, which was the basically concession rules for some of the hydro is that a lot of these contracts couldn't be delivered on. So actually Eletropaulo falls about 1% under contracted. Well that would look like basically be a cash flow issue for the Brazil would be paying energy at a spot price to make up that percentage it would be cash flow. But last year in a similar situation the treasury of Brazil stepped in and subsidized that provided that cash directly. So as Andres said the government has always made sure that keep the business with Sul and its relatively small exposure for EP. Let's go back to Tom's opening comments while the hydrological situation is below average now we're expecting we probably will have a much better view on that in the April timeframe.
Andrew Vesey: Yes, Mara its Andy Vesey. Just a broad background, we have fundamentally three hydro complexes in Panama. Bayano, which is one of two pondage hydro's in Panama, the other being Fortuna which is not ours, Chiriqui which is one of the river and Changuinola which is one of the river as well. The hydro I will give you some statistics around that as of January for Bayano which is the pondage hydro we're about 29% percent below the historical average. So that's a number for you. Chiriqui which is --
Andrew Vesey: It is slightly worse than last year. You got two hydrological basins in Panama, Bayano is in one and Allegheny River is the other. And last year Bayano was actually doing quite well. What happened with Bayano was not in flows last year, it was a significant east-west transmission constraint in Panama which didn't allow them to get the energy to Panama City from the water hydro. So the government over dispatched Bayano. So while inflows were okay last year, they actually over dispatched it and that's what caused stress to us last year with Bayano. This year they had been preserving the hydro in Bayano, but the inflows had been less and what has happened is there was much more inefficient thermals because of that transmission constraint, which lays the spot market considerably. But to Andre to your question we did change the ownership structure at Changuinola last year. We also changed the contract between Changuinola and AS Panama from a financial contract to a physical one as Tom had mentioned in this comments. And while I can't say much more about it we're currently in conversations with the Panama government on other regulatory solution, to significantly mitigate the hydro impact this year. It is dry, this is the dry season, but it is dry than normal and we'll have to wait again the rainy season will start in April/May. So we have to see how we cover. However to answer your question that has been put out, if indeed we have a year exactly like last year, if we are successful with the engagement with the Panama government that we're involved in, we should significantly be better than we did last year under the same hydrological conditions.
Andrew Vesey: The only thing I'd add to -- we have about 1200 megawatts of current capacity take to market. Currently about 700 of those megawatts have already been contracted delivering 16 is it three year term contractors all to the free customers. As Andres said the average price of that 700 megawatt has been about 115 on the margin now we assume between 125 and 135 and these are our expectations that the market will tighten and strengthen given both the current hydrological situation, lateness of hydro, and the need to add more thermal into the system. So we're being very cautious, we don't want to get ahead of our skews on this one. But the team has been very aware of the situation and is waiting to see the market to improve.
Andrew Vesey: Andy Vesey. In spite of that $3 billion number in fixed cost, (inaudible) I've spent a long time working on this. When we look at the $3 billion and we can look at what's controllable by management and take out any short sided cuts of maintenance. We've about $2.2 billion of cost that we should be targeting. In the sort of the expectations that both Andres and Tom laid out between '14 and '18, by '18 we will get to a run rate savings on those fixed costs on the order of $250 million. But it builds over time. So in '14 we have, we have about $50 million of that cost and it will build up over that period. And eventually will reach about 10% of our fixed costs. What we set as a target that will drive us there as we set the view that we'll take that piled manageable fixed cost and keep it fixed. Each year we're going to put into place productivity improvements which will offset inflation and that's sort of how you should think about. And that's what we're going to go after. In addition to that, we'll continue to look for more opportunities in that space.
