Andrés Gluski: Thanks Tom. To summarize our views on this call, we continue to generate strong proportional free cash flow, which will be evenly distributed between the first and second half of the year. Although we expect our first half adjusted EPS to be relatively weak, many of the negative drivers will reverse in the second half and therefore we are reaffirming our guidance for all financial metrics. In terms of our strategic priorities, in the first few months of this year, we have made significant progress, including resolving the outstanding receivables issue in Bulgaria, receiving positive actions from the rating agencies resulting from our actions to de-risk the portfolio and de-lever the parent, reaffirming our double-digit growth through 2018 in both cash flow and earnings, driven by a largely funded construction program and $150 million in cost savings and revenue enhancements, and achieving significant milestones on three new projects in our development pipeline, to drive growth beyond 2018. I am optimistic about the future of AES. We are delivering strong and growing free cash flow, which we will continue to use to maximize risk-adjusted returns for our shareholders. The 6 gigawatts we currently have under construction is the largest driver of our expected growth of at least 10% in free cash flow through 2018. Beyond 2018, we are well-positioned to capture new opportunities due to our strong business platforms in attractive and growing market, and our leadership position in deploying new technologies. Now, I'd like open up the call for questions.
Andrés Gluski: As we said last time, we injected $75 million into Sul, we restructured the debt, and we are looking at all options now for Sul. At this point, I really can't comment anymore about that.
Andrés Gluski: I would say that, again, we believe that our proposal avoided some of the issues raised by the PPAs. We continue to feel that that’s the correct path to go and we feel optimistic. We feel it's in everybody's interest. So, at this point what we would like to do is we continue to go with that path. And you are correct that there is a certain amount of volatility due to the on contract nature of the generation assets at DP&L, [ph] which is separate from that. But we have to -- especially if we get the non-liability rider, we have to think of it as an integrated business at that point.
Andrés Gluski: We have announced in the past that we would be selling likely on average of $200 million to $300 million in equity proceeds to us of sale downs and getting out of certain businesses. And we continue. I think we’ve quite frankly outperformed the numbers that we have given in the past. Now, we don’t comment on them. But, what we would be doing again is fine tuning our portfolio to have really sort of an optimal mix, optimal mix of risks and position. So, we will continue to do that. And in terms of what we do with the proceeds, we’ll continue to allocate them as we have in terms of a mix, whether it’d be new investments and debt pay downs. And we’ll see what the circumstances are. As Tom said, I think it’s more of a -- we’ll have more of an emphasis on the growth of dividend than we’ve had in the past.
Andrés Gluski: We have in our forecast through 2018, we have modest decrease in earnings from those sales, because first you never can deploy the cash immediately, and it depends on the assets you’re selling, its risk profile, whether it’d be accretive or dilute.
Andrés Gluski: Okay. We tend to give our longer term forecast in February of -- so that will be in next year when we sort of move out an additional. What we wanted to do was give your color that our growth will continue post 2018 and fact that we have a good pipeline through 2020 that we recently added to. So that was really the point of this call. Now, talking about the facility in Panama, Colon facility, so it has two parts, as you said, one the 380-megawatt combined cycle gas plant, with a ten year PPA with the credibility offtaker in dollars; and the second is a tank. And the tank, we’re using about a quarter of the capacity for this plant. This leads about three quarters. So, it’s really a question of tolling; we are not going to be taking commodity risk on this. So, this could be tolling fuel for other power plants. We did this in the Dominican Republic, we’re using it. We’ve built a pipeline to the -- our own actually DPP facility and converted from diesel to natural gas. And we’re selling it there to the transportation and industrial sectors. So, what we would have in Panama is first to meet domestic demand; there are power plants nearby, the other power plants that will be built that will require natural gas, so that’s first use. Transportation and industrial use would be second, following the model we had in Dominican Republic. And third which is very interesting is the ship bunkering. We would not be doing the bunkering; we would actually have somebody else do that, but they would use our storage and regas capacity. So, the way to think about this is you basically bring in large efficient, LNG tankers, you unload them in Panama and Dominican Republic and then you have various means of delivering gas to various kinds of customers or actually LNG as well. So, we do not plan to take any commodity per se on these transactions. We’d be providing a service, regasification service, a bunkering service and a hub service. And between the two, this gives us a very attractive position to be able to service people who want services in Panama and the Dominican Republic.
Andrés Gluski: So, I'll take the first. No, this was not in our guidance previously. Now, realize that the power plant will come on line late in ‘18, so really won't have any effect on ‘18, it’s really ‘19 forward. And the storage tank will become fully operational in ‘19. So, this is outside the window that we have given in the past. Regarding -- I think Tom can talk about the contributions of Sul and EP.
Andrés Gluski: I thoughts are quite frankly, we see that our filing, we think has been the correct path to take and we think it's within the PUCO’s purview to grant because we think it's a very similar to what we currently have in the ESP. So for those reasons, we remain optimistic.
Andrés Gluski: I would say that the only one we have is really Southland, that’s where are repowering. That’s more in sort of 2020 timeframe that we have the roll ups. And I'd say that that’s basically -- and in DPL, we have the -- our application for 2017 would eliminate any such cliff at DPL. So, we have nothing else major out there.
Andrés Gluski: This is Southland. So, that’s the only when have we are PPA expires, so we are going to repower the plant.
Andrés Gluski: Those are all AES owned projects. So, we don’t have -- we are working very hard on these third-party sales. We have a lot of interest in projects we are working on, some with channel partners, some on our own. And we hope to be giving you news sometime within the next six months. This is in many cases -- we're quite frankly creating the market because we are talking with regulators to make sure that the regulations allow compensation for battery-based energy storage. So yes, that’s 100% our projects.
Andrés Gluski: First, it’s the way we are looking at it. I mean -- and you are correct, I mean, in some cases, we are putting up relatively small projects, sort of 10 megawatts, 20 megawatts to open up a market. And a lot of the return we believe will come from third-party sales. Now, we also are seeing some markets that are more competitive, and you have basically very rapid build out energy-based storage. And so returns come down. We have others, but we are looking at sort of long-term contracts. So, I think that the way we would look at the returns is that we would expect to earn on average the same as we earned in our other projects. We are not subsidizing this business. What will be new for us, quite frankly is the third-party sales, because there we don’t have to put in any equity; essentially, we are using our intellectual property rights and our experience and the brand name of Advancion. So, it's a -- we have it quite frankly incorporated, the third-party sales, because we really want to get a good feel for what they will be like. But, with our channel partners, we are really casting a wide net. And we will see I think over the next 6 to 12 months much clear how big that business could get.
Andrés Gluski: I think that it’s true that Paranapanema which is owned by Duke in Tietê were once one company and was split in two. Having said that, what we’re looking at our complete portfolio, in terms of our risk profile. We have right now a lot of Brazil hydro risk. So, this really isn’t, we think in our sweet spot at this point in time. And we also understand that they are going to sell the whole package together, of all the other assets. It’s a pretty big ticket and there are other assets that we’re not interested in. So, what I would say is that really at this point, it’s not something we are actively pursuing.
Andrés Gluski: I think that the Brazil is a much more diversified economy than perhaps it gets credit for. I mean as you look at the GDP of the state of São Paulo, it looks more like Belgium than it does to some of the Northeastern states of Brazil, so to realize that point. Now, I think that Brazil got itself into the some funk, some policy issues, not just commodity price drops. So, the good thing is that they can work their way out of it. Our view is that they’ll probably take a couple of years at least for Brazil to get out of it. I don’t think that the Olympics will have any effect whatsoever. I think the key point.
Andrés Gluski: Yes, I really think that. The key point for Brazil is, determine the political process; who is going to be the President within six months and what policies he will pursue; so, having said that, Brazil has a lot of strong points in its economy. So, if they get their political act together and take some tough structural changes, I’m sure, it will be back within five years, I feel very confident that Brazil will be -- can be a strong economy again.
Andrés Gluski: We can’t speak for BNDES and what they decide to do with their assets. We did have the separation of our assets in Brazil to give us greater operating control in Tietê and greater capital structuring flexibility in general. So, we’ve done that. And I would say that, if you look at what we’ve done Brazil, we’ve certainly de-risked our self significantly, because we sold half of our holdings in Eletropaulo in 2006. We spun off the telco from Eletropaulo; sold that for $1 dollars. So we feel that we’ll continue to manage Brazil sort of holistically and look at what are the fundamental exposures we have there.
Andrés Gluski: No, let me clarify that. I do think the turnaround in two years is still I would say possible, may be sort of 50-50 chance. What I think within five-years, I feel very optimistic at some point, I don’t know if it’s three years, two years, they will come back. I think depending on the political resolution of that the crisis they are facing now, I wouldn’t even be surprised that you have a sort of, I don’t know, call it euphoria but a pickup in sentiment in Brazil with the resolution. I mean we’ve seen that when you have certain political developments, they actually appreciate in the market. So, what I think is important to realize is that the crisis in Brazil has a lot to do with certain policies and not just the drop in commodity prices. So that makes the comeback more within their capabilities of doing.
Tom O'Flynn: Yes. I think if you single out those two, it’s probably $0.03 to $0.04 probably split between them, probably about $0.04 equally split.
Tom O'Flynn: Truly list that one through recently cost reductions, a part of the $50 million we are expecting to get as part of our savings plan is more heavily weighted, but truly all the things.
Tom O'Flynn: Yes, those will likely be in the second half, the things that -- two things of particular that we are working on to offset these issues and certainly not appropriate to give a lot of color on it, at this point, which I appreciate, people like get more color but we expect to give more color as they materialize in the second half of the year.
Tom O'Flynn: I think, Julien we have said before, we’re obviously in the middle of our filing and working through it. So, we are careful about too much detail here. But I think we said before we have got a 110 now on in our ESP. We have incorporated something and it will be less than that amount into our ‘17 and beyond numbers. But, it's still a meaningful number, but it's certainly less than what we currently get.
Tom O'Flynn: It's nothing. We headed into our guidance; it was unclear when the final legislation would be final, final, so be recognized. So, it's about $0.03 to $0.04; we fully expected it in our guidance for ‘16. It's just happen to fall in the first quarter because this final, final in Chile. What is it, it’s revaluation deferred taxes, the tax rate goes up slightly; so, it's a modest revaluation of deferred taxes. It's similar to what we did two years ago, I believe, ‘14, I think it was Q3 of ‘14 as I recall. It’s a similar deal. So, this is a second phase of that same legislation that came in shortly after President Bachelet took office.
Tom O'Flynn: The PTC contribution from Sul is -- it’s modest, to be honest, it was a modest negative in the first quarter of the year. And last year, it was probably a couple of pennies of PTC, but it was -- right now, the way Sul is running, it’s a negative PTC. In terms of debt, we had -- it’s about $275, $300, around $300 under the exchange rates, roughly in my head when we paid it down, we got it down to about 275 in dollars. 
Tom O'Flynn: Yes, the debt in reis is obviously, I’m doing the math in dollars; but call it $275, $300; it’s all in reis, so call it then 1,100, 1,200. 
Tom O'Flynn: Yes, we put in 300 million reis, shortly after our last call paid down some debt, and we get covenants in that part of significant amount of time. Yes.
Tom O'Flynn: Yes, that’s exactly right. And with some of the people who would be using these tanks, we would expect to have contracts as well, basically assuring a certain amount of capacity from our tanks.
Tom O'Flynn: Yes, just to put a fine point, I think Sul has been running at loss and it’s been running at loss really since middle of last year. So, last year, it was down about 20 million to 25 million PTC and this year, we’re forecasting similar numbers. As we look at Sul, the earnings are -- we don’t have Sul in our forecast for ‘17, and inflection point for Sul will be their rate, the next rate case, rate adjustment mechanism, which is in spring of ‘18, that’s if we were to retain the business. In terms of Eletropaulo, the earnings were also very modest. We do have Eletropaulo, we do continue to have it in our business but its contributions are between $0.00 and $0.02, depending upon your forecast for Brazil. So, it's fairly modest number.
Tom O'Flynn: At this stage, it's a little bit -- we are not ready to provide, guide sort of four, five year guidance out. I mean obviously there is a lot factors there that would influence this; what are forward exchange rates going to be, what are commodity curves, energy prices. But, what I think we feel very confident saying is we are not going to sort of run out of growth projects in 2018. We already have significant projects that will come on line 2019, 2020. And we continue to work on ways to accelerate that rate of growth. And part of it is our use of partnerships and our sell-down of assets to continue to turn capital into higher growth, higher return projects.
Tom O'Flynn: I think in terms of cash flow and earnings, it's a fair statement. That’s how we measure success, honestly; we not going to measure in terms of megawatts. And I think we are going to remain the very disciplined Company that we have been, certainly over the last five years. We are going to be very disciplined and make sure that again not fall into any sort of rapid growth for growth sake, I mean we really want to maximize. And I think one of the things we have shown is that we are willing to have less megawatts and less clients under operation, but have a better risk profile and a better growth profile. That’s really where we want to go.
Tom O'Flynn: Yes. We have a contract through 2023 for gas from Trinidad for the Dominican Republic. In terms of the source of gas for our share, the 25% that we will be using, we have a contract with one of the big suppliers. They can source it wherever they feel best. Probably some of it will come from the U.S. liquefaction facilities in the Gulf. And then when they are -- we feel at the tank and other people are utilizing it and they are taking the commodity risk, it's up to them where they will source it.
Tom O'Flynn: That’s correct, unlike the case in Trinidad that we’ve seen, but it was very directed and it was coming from Trinidad at the point, or initially. Now they have optionality.
Ahmed Pasha: Yes, Ali, what we have filed is not much different, what they have filed as a new case, if you wish, because we filed is not -- if you look at our plan A, which is not much different what FE has recently filed.
Ahmed Pasha: Yes. Steven, this is Ahmed. Just on DPL, our PPA expired in ‘18 but we still operate the plant through 2020; and in 2021, our new plant comes on line -- Southland, sorry.
Ahmed Pasha: Okay. We thank everybody for joining us in today’s call. As always, the IR team will be available to answer any questions you may have. Thank you and have a nice day.
