Andres Gluski: Thank you, Steve. Before we open up the call for questions, I would like to sum up the highlights of the quarter. We had a strong first quarter, in line with our expectations. Our earnings and cash flow are now more evenly balanced throughout the year as our U.S. renewable business matures. Our performance demonstrates, yet again, our ability to execute and that our financial results are not sensitive to higher interest rates. Our financial model is proving very resilient as we see ample supply of non-recourse project finance debt, as well as strong demand for tax attributes and project equity from minority partners. In addition, our asset sales program is on track, representing an important component of our capital-efficient growth model, which may even eliminate our need for issuing corporate equity through our long-term guidance period. Our stock would have to reach much higher valuation before new parent equity would even be considered several years in the future. We see strong and accelerating demand for renewables in our core markets and are pleased to be in a leading position with the largest segment of growth data centers. We're also executing well on our construction program and have virtually all of the major equipment we need for 2024 on site and the majority of what we need for 2025 as well. Our supply chain management continues to support our best-in-class track record of delivering new renewable projects on time and on budget. In closing, we are once again delivering on our strategic objectives and financial guidance and are uniquely well-placed to be one of the winners of the energy transition. Operator, please open up the line for questions.
Andres Gluski: Yes. Well, thanks for the question. Look, historically, I believe we've always overachieved our asset sale targets. So last year, we overachieved by about $600 million, so we're coming into this year with some tailwinds. So we don't comment on any specific asset sale until they're closed, but we feel good what has been disclosed is, for example, we have already sold the Vietnam asset and are just waiting government approval. So that's quite a large sale that it's already, let's say, it's not closed, but the sale is done. We just have the final government approval. So we feel good about it. So the general statement is that if you look over our tenure of the last decade, we've been very frugal about issuing new equity. We've actually, in the net, bought back shares. We've also paid $3 billion worth of debt. So we've been able to do this transformation, being very, very stringent about issuing any new equity. So depending on how the asset sales goes and our growth programs and our partnerships, we feel that we may be able to do this without any additional equity issuance. We've always talked about it being in the later years of our guidance period. And we've also mentioned that we would never do it at current valuations. So I hope that provides as much color as we can, but I think it gives you a clear notion of what our intent is.
Andres Gluski: Look, I think that we identified several things some years ago. So first, just looking out, as I've said many times in our meetings or calls, that we saw a shortage, eventually a shortage of renewable projects, giving the increase in demand. So we had somewhat of a lag in 2020 due to tariff issues, but that there was basically going to catch up. So what we were seeing is that there was going to be more demand, quite frankly, than supply for renewables, number one. Number two, we very early on identified data centers and technology companies as really our sweet spot in terms of future deals. And we've been working with them. So we have innovated coming up with things like hourly matched carbon-free energy with the data centers. So we've already done six gigawatts. So we're out ahead. These are actual projects that have been done. So we have very close relationships with them. And I would say that, coming up with the various ways of us helping them meet their needs, certainly things that we have been discussing for some time. So our real focus is on meeting their needs. And what we see is that things like pipeline, and we started building up this pipeline again several years ago, really thinking about what they would need. So finding the sites. And, I'd say the most strict about when we talk about backlog, it's a signed contract. It's not something we expect to sign. When we talk about pipeline, it's actual having some degree of land control, and it's being in the interconnection queue. It's not we're prospecting in this area. We've had some discussions. So, you know, we feel very good about our ability to meet these clients' needs, and I think understanding very well what those needs are. So, I don't see this really just as a zero-sum game. What we see is that, the deal that was announced in the last week, an international deal is good. It's good because there's a lot of demand out there, and we're not going to be able to satisfy it all by ourselves. And second of all, I think it shows the value of having an international presence and the value of being in diversified markets to be able to satisfy their needs. So, I think there's been a lot of focus on the specific technology, not enough focus on how do you satisfy the needs of those clients. So, that's what we've been focused on. But quite frankly, this is nothing new to us. We've been doing this, almost five years.
Andres Gluski: Yes, look, great question. Quite frankly, I'm not concerned at all about the AD-CBT, which is the anti-dumping, compensating tariffs. I would say for the following reasons. First, we already have pretty much everything we need on site for the remainder of this year and the majority of what we need for next year. And before any tariffs could come in place, I would expect to have everything on site for 2025. So that's the first thing. And then when we think about 2026, we expect to have domestic content, domestically made solar modules. So quite frankly, I'm not concerned about this. And I think that, most important thing is look at our track record. When there was the uncertainty about tariffs in coming out in 2020, we didn't abandon or significant delay any single U.S. solar project. So whether these countervailing duties come into place, we'll monitor it. I think the effects on the sector as a whole will be much less than the prior tariff circumvention case, because the level of the duties should be significantly smaller. But I think the important thing is to have clarity so that people can sign PPAs. But specifically about AES, I am not concerned because, we've always been concerned about any possibility like this and moving ahead. So we, of course, like others, have strategic relationships with suppliers. But, the proof of the pudding is in the eating. So, we have everything on site for this year. And before these tariffs come in place, we'll have all our solar modules for next.
Andres Gluski: Yes. Again, we don't typically comment on this, but something like, for example, the Vietnam sale or others, these would be large sales, hundreds of millions of dollars. So what I would say, we will do these over time. We'll also continue to do the smaller ones, selling down of specific assets, when we think that, we've maximized the value that we could add. And we continue to sell down, of course, our renewable projects, as Steve explained. So these will be multiple sources of us getting additional financing. So again, we don't comment until the deal is closed. But, I think it's very clear, we have a very good track record of doing this. And we're not just starting, we have some wind in our sails. So I feel very good about it.
Andres Gluski: Let's see. I think that what we're seeing is they're very concerned about getting power. They're talking about time to power. How fast your renewable projects can come online. I think that the market's beginning to realize that this growth in data center demand will be mostly powered by renewables. They are the cheapest energy, and they're going to be the fastest time to power. There was a lot of talk about, say, something like nuclear. So while existing nuclear plants can be recontracted and provide power, they aren't additional. They aren't decreasing the total carbon footprint of the system, number one. And it takes years to bring new nuclear online. So, while I'm a believer in nuclear in the long run, it's like, okay, time to power, I'm bringing data centers on in the next three years. How am I going to power them? And that's really where renewables will play a key role. Now, what do I think? I think those people who have advanced pipelines are going to be in the best position, who have the supply chain and have the projects. And the other thing that I find very interesting is that I think pipelines are extremely valuable, and I don't think people are valuing them enough. And I would say, just think about if you were coming in from zero to create a pipeline of, say, 50 gigawatts in the U.S. How much would that cost you? And those pipelines aren't just for projects in the next two to three years. Those pipelines are going to be serving projects, certainly within the next five and beyond that. So I think that, to answer your question, there is a lot of pipeline in the States. There's a lot of interconnection. The question will be those developers who will be able to bring them on in time for the data centers. And I think it will require flexibility. So I hope that answers your question. And this view has not changed. What we have seen, I would say, is that, data center growth, certainly in the last year has accelerated. But we saw a huge corporate demand coming and data centers being part of that.
Andres Gluski: Sure. Look, again, that's something we've also been working on for some time. So I think here in the States, the most specific project I could talk about is our use of dynamic line rating. And this allowed us to place a 400-megawatt hour battery project in Indianapolis that otherwise would not have been possible. So dynamic line rating very simply is, it actually takes into account, monitors the actual state of transmission lines, because transmission lines are rated at a capacity for usually like the worst possible conditions, which thankfully don't always exist. Next is, we have the grid booster, which Fluence has been doing, for example, in Germany, where you actually, again, use existing transmission lines with banks of batteries to transmit energy on those times when they're underutilized. And look, the typical transmission line is utilized 50% of capacity. So you have a lot of excess capacity there. So definitely batteries is a way of using them on those off-peak hours. Now, look, there is no one silver bullet, but this can avoid billions in costs and decades of permitting. And so they have a massive project in Germany to get this done. And that's not unique to Germany. There are places where we could do that in the States. So the question is, why isn't this being more discussed? And really, it's not a technical issue. We're on very solid ground on what I'm saying here. The issue is, who gets to own the batteries? Who determines the dispatch? And how do you remunerate that dispatch? And look, some of the business models actually, you can make more money if you invest more. So avoiding costs is not necessarily everybody's -- what everybody wants. But that is one way. Again, we're looking at a big project in Chile. So again, I think that could be more applicable in the States. It's really a regulatory issue. Other things is, quite frankly, getting sites where you have interconnections that also would be easy for people to put data centers in that same region. It's something, again, that from day one that we have been working on. So those are all the ways. There will be others. But the ones I'm mentioning are those that are technically known today. But then, look, there's also, we have Uplight, our investment in Uplight, which just merged with Autogrid for virtual power plants and really the orchestration of grid-scale energy resources. So those are other ways. It's also a question of more advanced software and better understanding. Things like what we talked about, our proprietary AI systems for predicting next-day wind, bidding engines. All those things help make better use out of existing transmission. So I think you correctly identified that transmission will be one of the bottlenecks. We'll have to be creative about it, not only the suppliers of the energy, but also the consumers.
Andres Gluski: Yes. Look, we have the big project in Texas, a joint venture with Air Products, which is the largest seller of hydrogen in the world. That continues to progress, but we're still waiting for the final treasury regulations in terms of what qualifies as green hydrogen, what is the carbon intensity, and what is the degree of tax credits you get on the different factors. So, once that comes out, we continue to make progress and we feel good about it. And also, that is, quite frankly, the most advanced green hydrogen project in the U.S. with a real offtaker.
Andres Gluski: Well, I think that's sort of a framework agreement. And I think what we've been doing is negotiating big deals and I would say with several of the hyperscalers. So we're not just solely focused on one. And so we're looking at how to solve their demands. And quite frankly, they have slightly different preferences where they're going. We have data center deals with Microsoft in Chile, for example. What they're looking for is people who can provide, of course, U.S., the biggest, the fastest growth. But I think they're very interesting international opportunities. And it depends where you have your footprint. So I believe the deal that we're talking about in Brookfield, they have more Asia and European capabilities. And quite frankly, we have decided not to be in those markets.
Andres Gluski: Yes. I would disagree. I mean, we can maybe go into more detail offline. But I think the way to, first of all, realize that we do renewables not only in the U.S. We do it, for example, a lot of renewables in Chile where you don't have any of the upfront tax attributes. But it's a different, let's say, model. But actually our returns are better there. I would say given the tax attributes in the States, what you have is, thinking of it sort of a flow and a stock, right? So you get a lot of the tax attributes as cash, right? So you use that cash to pay down the construction debt. And then you're left with a project with a lower amount of debt going forward. And then you also get cash immediately by selling down to minority partners who want, in the example we gave, like a solar bond. So they're willing to take lower returns. So on the project itself, you do have a very good cash returns for the total cost of the project because, again, you're getting, well, almost 50% back right after you commission it. Now, when you're looking at the EBITDA numbers, realize that we're growing very fast. So, last year our commissioning of projects grew 100%. So, those projects are now coming online over time. So, no, I don't think, I mean, I think returns will increase. We did increase our targeted returns for the U.S. because of what we're seeing in the market and our increased, let's say, maturity and efficiency. And I would remind you that, again, without tax attributes, we're getting even better returns internationally. And another comment on it, when people talk about the competitiveness of renewables, realize that solar panels in the states are costing two to three times what they cost internationally. So, the cost of the megawatt hours from renewables with energy storage on that is much, much cheaper. And certainly the cheapest energy in most places that we operate. So, again, we can go into more discussions about it. But, no, we feel very good about the cash profile of renewables and what they're generating.
Andres Gluski: Yes. Angie, these are really good points. Because the other thing is that the new AI requires less latency, immediacy than traditional data centers. So it opens up the geographic possibilities. But, we've always felt, for example, on green hydrogen as an example, that, first it has to be regional to minimize transmission. Second, that it should be additional. And the fact that it already matches something we can do. So in the particular case of our green hydrogen project, that one's actually pretty much co-located. It's like across the street. So that's a particular case where that works. But, I think that, it very much depends on the transmission conditions. But this opening up of more geographies is very favorable.
Andres Gluski: Let's see. What I had mentioned in my speech is that certainly that as we're involved in these negotiations with hyperscalers due to transmission and other attributes that, there is interest in our two utilities for possible locations. Now, this would be outside of the IRP, per se, because this would be an additional demand that would be put onto our systems.
Andres Gluski: We have nothing specific to announce at this time. We just thought it was important because when we talk about it, we've talked about what we've done purely. We haven't talked about, well, this is the first time we mentioned, for example, the megawatts that we're doing and actually providing that energy for other utilities to four data centers, and we might be able to do some for ourselves.
Andres Gluski: In closing, Steve brought up a very good point that, what we're seeing is growth in corporate demand. It's not just data centers. So what you're seeing in our service areas is, for example, a reindustrialization of the U.S. So you have on-shoring, whether it be EVs, battery manufacturing, panel manufacturing, other things, which is growing very substantially. And then, you have to add in the load for electrification, because people have been talking about, EVs as if they're not selling. But the fact is they're growing very fast, charging stations are growing. They're just growing less than some of the forecasts that people had put out there. But if you look at, for example, China, 50% vehicles sold are EVs. So what we see is an increased demand from corporations, from all of these sources. We have particularly focused on tech companies and data centers as really our sweet spot. But, internationally, it's the same. What we want is long-term, dollar-denominated contracts with investment-grade offtakers. And, again, we're doing well on both. So very optimistic about the sector.
Andres Gluski: We don't comment on that, quite frankly. And, Fluence has its call later in the week, or next week. So we can't give any further color on that.
Steve Coughlin: Yes. And I would just add, Durgesh, as Andre said, we have a long track record. So it's not just about the goal. It's also about securing the best value and exiting properly. So we have a lot of pathways to do that. We have 3.5 billion is a conservative number and it's a combination of our coal exit, our simplification of our international portfolio, monetizing some of our technology businesses, and the renewables recycling. So there's a number of ways. And so it allows us the luxury of ensuring that we get the appropriate value. And we're looking out in the market on all of these and transacting when we see that appropriate valuation. And, we were ahead, as Andre said, by over $600 million last year. So we feel great.
Steve Coughlin: Yes. I'm not sure the data you're looking at, but we had actually quite a very good quarter. I think it was 1.2 gigawatts signed in the quarter, David. So we're very, very pleased and also very pleased that we were able to announce Amazon as our Bellefield customer, which is really a total of two gigawatts with Amazon, including the first phase from last year and then the second phase. And so that's an example of the things we've been doing with data centers on a very large scale. So we've done a lot in the first quarter. We've been active not only in signing but also in executing and spreading our execution throughout the year, as I mentioned. So we had many more megawatts installed in this quarter. And as such, our earnings for the year will be much more balanced. But no, we feel really good about our signings target. The demand is stronger than ever. And I think the deal announced earlier this week with Microsoft, as Andre said, is just one example of what we've been saying is that the renewables is where these folks come first. And that was a 10-gigawatt agreement. And so it dwarfs anything that's been signed with like a nuke or things like that. But as Andre also said, this is not a zero-sum game. And there is much more demand here and continuing to come. And so we feel really good about our pipeline and the maturity of it and where it's located and its positions in the queues. So no, I think our signing progress has been excellent and still feel really good about where we're headed for the rest of the year.
Steve Coughlin: Yes. I would just add, Angie, also on the EBITDA profile, the EBITDA in the U.S. is growing significantly. I think you're not seeing it in part because of some of the things happening in LATAM around the El Niño, where we've had lower hydro generation, for example, in Panama, as I had in my comments. Brazil's had very low wind in the first quarter. And then, frankly, Q1, and even in the U.S., is a very low solar irradiation quarter. So you won't see the EBITDA growth to the same degree. But within that number, there's substantial U.S. growth throughout this year. But it is somewhat offset by a couple of those other factors outside the U.S. So the EBITDA is strong. And the other thing I'd mention in terms of developing renewables, we've been perfecting this machine for many, many years. So the development has gotten quite efficient. We are able to drive high success rates through our development process. And so that cost continues to come down relative to bringing projects successfully online. So we can go into more detail, perhaps, separately. But it is a very attractive profile for this business.
Steve Coughlin: Yes, Angie, it's all good points. And so you're absolutely right that the proximity is important within the region. Now, the co-location, I think, is overblown in terms of you're adding a new load to the interconnection and approval, regardless of where this data center is. But what are they really looking for? As Andre said, they're looking for renewables, and they're looking for additionality, meaning new renewables. And so you do want to do that in a smart way by minimizing your transmission charges. So you want them to be within a region of the data center. And then you want to be able to add batteries in many cases. And we see tremendous upside. We've been developing battery storage, both technology and Fluence, as well as battery storage projects in our portfolio for a very long time, a decade plus. So that's a huge advantage for us in being able to meet their carbon-free needs throughout the entire day. And so being able to have those battery sites in the region with the solar, with the wind sites is key. And having that flexibility. So it's not a market you can tap into just by jumping into this. You have to have had foresight for five years plus to be advanced in developing all these technologies within these regions to do that. And then, the other thing I would say is that because and we've talked about this, the data center locations are expanding more towards the middle of the country. And so it's opening up many more locations, which have much more land availability for solar, for wind, into regions like MISO, into ERCOT, less congested in the coast. And so that's an advantage in terms of ensuring you're locating your data centers close to your generation sites as well.
Steve Coughlin: So I would look at it as the plan has upside, really, is what it is about, Mike. So we have assumed sort of line of sight to what we know in industrial development, in Ohio, but they are becoming very attractive places, not only for data centers, also chips manufacturing, battery manufacturing, we've talked about. So there will be some discrete additions that I think will be upside to our plan down the road.
