Andrés Gluski: Thank you, Gustavo. In summary, the world has decided to seriously tackle climate change. And this is driving unprecedented and accelerating growth in demand for renewables and energy efficiency applications and services. In relative terms, I don't believe anyone is better positioned than AES to capitalize on this once in a lifetime transformation of our sector. We have a proven track record of success, we have the most innovative new products and an 8.5 gigawatt backlog and the 37-gigawatt pipeline projects. All in all, we're enthusiastic about our future. And we will feel confident about delivering on our 7% to 9% average annual growth rate. Our core contracted generation and utility businesses have shown great resilience in the face of global and regional effects of COVID. Beyond our robust growth rates in earnings and cash flow from our core businesses, we are creating very significant value for our shareholders through our technology joint ventures. There has never been a better time for AES. With that, I would like to open up the call for questions.
Andrés Gluski: Sure. Well, good morning, Julien. There's not too much I can comment other than the statement in our press release. In the past, I've talked about it that ensuring supply was very important to us and we have mentioned the strategic arrangement with Northvolt for European supply. So as I said in the call today, overall we feel very good about being able to have access to the equipment we need for our growth program, but I really can't comment much more on Fluence at this time.
Andrés Gluski: Hi, Angie. That's a great question. I would say yes, as you can see, where we're focusing a lot on C&I. We have come up with innovative products, like the around the clock, carbon free energy. So as we mentioned in my speech, we have 1.5 gigawatts of new contracts just coming from similar products, to the one that we had announced with Google. So certainly, that is a big driver. The other thing of course, is we have a good pipeline of potential projects. So we're just finding that we're working very well with our clients, we have many repeat clients in terms of signing on new deals. So this second quarter was particularly strong in the U.S. And we see that as the most rapidly growing market. We're very well placed. So we feel good about it, we feel good about the product offerings that we have -- we feel good about our customer relations, and we feel good about our supply chain.
Andrés Gluski: Look, we're focused on satisfying our customers' needs, in this particular case, yes, Indiana. So if there was a better project in MISO that we need to put together to meet our transition towards more renewables. We will take it. So in many of our deals, we use a lot of required additionality. So we're building most of them. But there's no problem with acquiring somebody else's project to get the optimal mix from a risk. And also, I'd say production capability. So first, that's something that's inherent in our product offering. So we're really trying to solve the client's need. It's much less about sort of RFPs and busbar PPAs, that's what we're going after. In the case of New York, look, look, we don't have a lot of wind assets of ourselves. Other people have done a lot of wind assets repowering. We think this is an idea that the time has come with the technology. So we're doing some repowering on our old wind farms. But we saw this is a great opportunity in New York to repower. And again, this comes back to the idea that we want a mix of assets; wind, solar, energy storage, in some cases, even small hydro's to be able to deliver those sort of round the clock renewables. So think of it that way that, we're solving for what the customer wants. And we'll put the package of sources, whether we build them or we buy somebody else's project to satisfy that.
Andrés Gluski: Honestly, I can't comment much on it. What I can refer you to what I've said in the past. And with QIA, I would say it's just not a financial investor. It's a strategic investment, which has investments in other very important companies, which can help this business. So I'll have to limit my comments to that, and I'm sorry.
Andrés Gluski: Look, overall, Chile is maybe like 15%. Remember that's AES Andes includes Colombia and includes 100%, renewable hydro in Colombia. AES Andes has done a remarkable transformation in terms of being a primarily coal -- contracted coal generator into by 2025, having very little coal. And a lot of green blend and extent, so this really gave us an in, was the ability to modify those contracts. So that a large proportion, if not, the majority of the energy would come from new contracted renewables, and you keep the coal for capacity. So this is, again, quite a remarkable transformation. So the last thing I would say is, regarding the potential legislation that's been -- I think, it's really, Chile is a serious country, they're really looking at how the grid can maintain its reliability with the retirement of these coal plants. So what we said is, look, we are willing to retire these plants, as soon as 2025 is really to give the grid operator the opportunity to have -- to ensure a reliable grid, we can shut them down sooner from our perspective. So I don't see, everything that we're doing is in our forecast, I'll pass it to Gustavo to make some more comments.
Andrés Gluski: Yes, great question. Look, some of you, who follow us for a while, we're always very paranoid about our supply chain. That's why I think it was January of '20 -- February of 2020. We were talking about supply chain issues with COVID and how we're going to get ahead of it. So here, we've also been on top of this, they're obviously in the past year, there were supply chain issues with, imports, what was going to be the tariff on panels from China. And then, what was going to be the tariff, for example, on aluminum. So, could you manufacture locally? So we've been on top of this issue. So today, I'd say all of our solar panels coming into the states are not coming in from China, they're coming in from Malaysia. We do buy some U.S. panels as well, which are non-polysilicon. We're also working with top-notch -- only top-notch panel manufacturers, first tier and getting certificate so that none of the polysilicon comes from Hoshin, they could be associated in any way with forced labor. So that's where we are. This is a developing story. In the past what we've been able to do with the tariffs for example is to move panels that were coming to the stage, for example to Chile, and vice versa, to optimize the supply chain, so which quite frankly worked out very well. So if you look at what we're doing. We are certainly in solar, one of the top five, I would say in the country, in terms of new solar development. So we're very well positioned. We're on top of that. We have longstanding agreements and our suppliers are doing everything possible. I think I could add that in the future, we're going to -- we're making sure that the polysilicon would come from alternative sources like Germany or Korea. So that's in the works. But this does take a transition. So we're on top of that. And stay tuned, because, while we feel very good about our certification and all the rest it's a question of where does that polysilicon arrive? Can you prove it? So again, we are having as extensive affidavits from our suppliers as anybody on this matter. 
