Prahlad Singh: Thank you, Max. 2022 was clearly another strong year for PerkinElmer, but if we take a step-back and look at the past three years. Our focus was always to emerge from COVID as a stronger company. We believe that chapter has been successfully completed for both, the analytical and enterprise business as well as our new life science and diagnostics business. Within those three years our rapid and significant response to the COVID pandemic enabled more than 10 acquisitions fast-tracking the transformation of our company to higher growth and higher margin areas. Additionally, we embarked on a significant undertaking of splitting the company into two distinct businesses and yet through all that we've consistently executed on our financial targets which is a testament to our employees and pleasure we have created. Looking forward, 2023 will be no different as our teams rise to the challenge of finishing the divestiture, rebranding our company and continuously executing against our financial commitments. We are in an excellent position today and our future is very bright. With that operator, we would now like to open up the call for questions.
Prahlad Singh: So well, maybe just to go back Derik, when you look - when we've seen China in our assumption right now is that it will be - overall China for us will be double-digit or growing above our company average growth rate for the - for 2023. And our assumption right now is it will come and come more into the second half of the quarter rather than - the second half of the year. And the first quarter, what we are assuming is China IDX will be worse than what we had approximately in the fourth quarter of 2022.
Prahlad Singh: I think Derek, - Patrick, sorry, you're right, I think if China - right now, the way we've assumed that it comes back to a normal growth rate in the second half of the year. Obviously, whether if it comes back faster or is more significant earlier than that, that would be upside to the model. And also, if the stimulus continues to sort of show its impact earlier, then that might be upside. So I think we've just been prudent in our guidance, seeing what we have seen in the first month of the - in the quarter when post - just before the spring festival. And it's been only a week since people have started coming back from this spring festival. So I think I would just say, we are being cautious in our guidance and continue to watch it closely.
Prahlad Singh: Yes, Josh. Overall, as you know, our Life Sciences business continued to grow very well, our reagents business, and it grew double-digits for the year. We did not see any material change in the trend in 3Q or 4Q in our reagents business in China or any place else. BioLegend and our overall Life Sciences reagent business continues to do very well, and we expect it to continue to grow double-digits as we've said earlier.
Prahlad Singh: Yes, Liza. So I think on reproductive health, on birth rates, continued to unfortunately have pressure in 2022. But I think, as you pointed out, right, we continue to have new reagents going through approval. While we got the approval, there are two new indications or disorders, as you know, that got approved by the RUSP panel, which I had in my prepared remarks, MPS II and now GAMT. So our menu expansion opportunities continue to bolster the reproductive health business. The thing is that as it gets approved by the RUSP panel and the FDA, states pick them up for adoption in their menu panel on a sequential basis. So some of them might come into play in 2023, the first half, some in the second half. So the states have the mandate based on their own flexibility as to when they want to bring out. Vanadis continues to do well. And I think as we've said, it grew more than 75% commercially last year and we continue to put in new installations. The value proposition that it brings to the table is gaining more and more traction with our customers now, more so in the U.S.
Prahlad Singh: It depends on the opportunity, Dan. So it's tough to give a specific response to the question because it depends. As I've said earlier, we continue to be very active. We continue to look at opportunities that are in our sweet spot, which is more founder, entrepreneur-owned companies. Depends on what the opportunity is, is probably the best way to respond to the question. Let me give you an example. If it's a breakthrough technology like Vanadis, we would do it. But generally, if you look at the deals we've done, that should be a pretty good precursor of the deals we will do.
Prahlad Singh: Yes, it depends on the technology. So that's why I said that. Probably the shortest answer would have been, it depends.
Prahlad Singh: I think spatial biology and proteomics and all of that is a growing area, Paul. But I think BioLegend and our Life Sciences research reagents business overall is a very strong portfolio that we are able to now deploy globally with the channels that we have access to that BioLegend didn't have. So I think the growth trajectory over the next foreseeable future just is in terms of providing the commercial footprint, the infrastructure, the capabilities and competencies of overall PerkinElmer rather than one particular area of growth.
Prahlad Singh: Yes. We will continue to be acquisitive as we have been, and we continue - we will continue to add growth trajectories to our portfolio given that we will have a robust balance sheet and we'll have an even more robust balance sheet post the divestiture.
Prahlad Singh: Max, as you know very well, today, the way that newborn screening is done, that the states pay for it, right, it's not reimbursed. It's sort of - it's not a private insurance or an insurance reimbursement play. And I think the way our view of this is that going forward, newborn screening will continue to be mandated by the states and by RUSP and by the newborn screening law. In terms of rapid genome sequencing, as you said, for newborns, that as you - is going to be an area of interest for us and for others. There are certain regions where we are playing a role in it. But I think it will continue to be more esoteric and specialized for the foreseeable future. The cost the turnaround and the speed and the scale and magnitude, by which newborn screening is done by the state labs today is unmatched and it will continue to be so.
Prahlad Singh: Yes and just to add to that BioLegend has a really strong team and the leadership there has worked with PerkinElmer team in terms of identifying exploring and now executing on synergistic opportunities and it's not just around commercial and operational, but also around technology and how do we continue to close the gap and the bridge between life sciences and diagnostics. So I think on all fronts, the teams are firing on all cylinders there, could not be more happy about that.
Prahlad Singh: Yes, hey Rachel good morning. It's on the stimulus. It's been only a week since folks have come back from the spring festival. So right now, our assumption is that if any - if we expect the stimulus to see strong growth or propelling strong growth that will be upside to our current assumption. But, I would say that we have just heard quite a bit of discussion around it. I think - the actions on that will be something that we look forward to see in the rest of this quarter and the next quarter.
Max Krakowiak: Yes, hi Derik. So for your question, yes, it is an all-in number. So right now, we're going to be probably putting aside, somewhere between $800 million and $900 million of the after tax proceeds into treasuries that will match up with the short-term debt that we have on our books. We've got the $500 million note coming due in Q3, 2023 and then we've got another $800 million coming due in Q3, 2024. And so our assumption is that, that $800 million to $900 million will initially go, there's a chance for upside, but that is an all-in number there.
Max Krakowiak: Yes. So from a pricing standpoint, Derek, we're assuming at least 100 bps pricing contribution in 2023.
Max Krakowiak: Yes. Hi, Patrick. So the way I would think about it from a margin perspective in 2023 is if you go back to what we mentioned on the call, we are implying sort of a mid-teens EPS growth year-over-year when you strip out COVID from both periods. Implied in that mid-teens EPS growth is obviously the 9% organic growth, and then we are expecting about 100 basis points of margin expansion year-over-year on a non-COVID basis. So we are already to see about maybe 40% of that comes through the gross margin expansion, about 60% of that comes through operating expense leverage. So we feel good about the margin expansion we expect next year, which gives us, I think, even further momentum to your point on the midterm outlook and us feeling very confident in our margin expansion targets that we previously have put out there and don't see any reason why 100 basis points per year is out of the question.
Max Krakowiak: Yes, I'd say, first, from just a materiality standpoint, right, I mean the biotech or smaller accounts, which I think you're more referring to are only less than 5% of overall revenue. So even if we were to start to see some noise there, it's not overly material to the company. I think that's one piece of context I'd say first. Second, in terms of sort of the split between applied genomics versus the Life Sciences business, we are seeing a little bit of a slowdown in applied genomics. As we mentioned in our prepared remarks, we do think there's a little bit of saturation just from the amount of instruments that have been placed over the past three years. That might continue a little bit here in Q1. We expect by the end of the year, applied genomics will be sort of at its normal run rate from an overall organic growth standpoint.
Max Krakowiak: Hi, Liza, so I'd say, first, we've been very pleased with the performance of our informatics business, not only really in 2022, but over the last couple of years, it's had about a mid-teens CAGR. I would say that is sort of our normal, I would expect long-term growth rate. The only point I would call out with informatics is there are some timings of renewals, et cetera. So at times, the growth rate can be lumpy. But I would say, overall, we are very pleased with the performance. I don't think 20% is the go-forward growth rate. I do expect that to come down a little bit here in 2023, but we are very happy with the performance of that business.
Max Krakowiak: Yes. Hi, Dan. So the way I would think about it is when we look at the EUROIMMUN business in China and the ramp throughout the year, as we mentioned in the prepared remarks here, Q1 will be still a little bit of a headwind. We do expect it to be potentially even worse from a growth rate perspective than what we saw in Q4, which is approximately high single-digits. And so as you think about the ramp over the course of next year, I would think - or this year, excuse me, I would think about it in the context of the two-year average stack should continue to get better each and every quarter, so Q1 to Q4 and I think we've given all those prior year comps in previous calls here throughout 2022. And then I would expect sort of that the full year growth rate of that EUROIMMUN business to be in the low double-digits, low-teens, which is sort of the historical growth rate we've seen from that business.
Max Krakowiak: Yes, Jack, the way I would think about it is the $5.05 guidance includes the impact of continuing ops accounting headwinds that we're going to have in the first quarter or really the first couple of months until the divestiture closes. And then for the remainder of the year, yes, that - cont ops accounting will more or less turn into stranded costs, but that will be partially offset also by the TSAs that we will have. So sort of net-net, it all more or less washes out over the course of the year. We think $5.05 is a very good indication of what sort of the true LSDx performance is once you kind of put all that together.
Max Krakowiak: Yes. I think I mentioned that earlier as well in one of the responses. I do probably - we do probably anticipate that to continue here in the first quarter. But I think as we look over in the full year for applied genomics, we probably expect it to be slightly down from this year on a non-COVID basis. So in 2022, it was high single-digits. We probably expect it for the full year to be slightly below that, but we do expect it to rebound sort of after the first quarter here.
Max Krakowiak: Yes, so maybe I'll answer the first question on the growth rates, and then I'll let Prahlad talk about the synergies here Max. So - again from an overall reagent standpoint in both the fourth quarter and the full year, we've performed at a low double-digit. I would say that was pretty consistent across all, our reagent portfolio, there's not one shining star versus another. So I think we're pleased overall with our reagents growth across everything from BioLegend, just bio some of our legacy reagent product lines, et-cetera. It was strong growth overall for everybody.
Max Krakowiak: Yes, Dan it's a great question. I would say, not really. And the reason why I say it look as we enter the sort of the fourth year of the pandemic. We now believe that customers have already largely transition sort of their underutilized former COVID capacity to other areas. So we think we've already started to kind of see this pull-through and it's kind of already occurred in our base. And we also think that's kind of why our applied genomics business has grown on a high-teen CAGR over the past three years, including high single-digits this year and then over 50% in 2021.
Max Krakowiak: Yes, look truthfully, Dan. I would say it is heavily the walk-down is predominantly COVID. The one thing I'd say about the COVID mix that we had in Q4 was a very favorable product mix. And so, I know historically, we've quoted that COVID incremental's are sort of above our company gross margin. I think in the fourth quarter, it was an outsized margin mix related to our COVID products. I think once you normalize that for the fourth quarter, you're a little bit closer to sort of a 30% operating margin exit rate for continuing ops. Which then if you then factor in next year and 100 basis points of margin improvement you know the math sort of works out, but it wasn't significant pull out of COVID here from a margin perspective in the fourth quarter.
Max Krakowiak: Yes, hey Matt. So the way I would think about the margin composition of our life sciences and diagnostics business in 2023 is our life sciences business should be above the company average diagnostics will be slightly below. And then you have about two to three points of headwind just from our corporate expenses. So I think that's kind of how I would think about the market splits for 2023.
Max Krakowiak: Yes, I think it's a great question. So we are definitely committed to remaining investment-grade. And so, I think that's what you'll see sort of reflected in our comfort from a leverage perspective. That's probably the best way to think about it Matt.
Max Krakowiak: Yes, hey Rachel. I think that's - exactly the right way to think about it, that sort of average 9% stack in Q1 would imply something in the mid-single-digit range for Q1.
Max Krakowiak: Yes, I think for Europe. What we've implied is that the growth rate for 2023 should be a little bit less than. I think what we're saying from a company average standpoint, something in the mid to-high single-digits is probably our sort of assumption right now for Europe.
Max Krakowiak: Yes, we'll follow-up with him. We can probably just wrap-up now. Thank you everyone for your time, your questions this morning and we look forward to speaking with everyone again next quarter. Take care.
Rachel Vatnsdal: Great, thanks for taking the question. And so first off there's been a lot of discussion on China as it relates to the diagnostic side business. But you also flagged some of those tailwinds related to the potential stimulus? So can you just give us some color on what's assumed within your guidance for China stimulus tailwind? And then how do you think Perkin position to benefit from that. And then on timing, how long do you think that that stimulus benefit could play-out for us? Thanks.
Rachel Vatnsdal: Helpful. And then maybe just a follow-up on your comments around and consistent guidance throughout the year on that non-COVID organic growth so can you just clarify that you mean on a stack basis. So for example, 1Q is 9% on a two-year stack versus 13% in the prior year. So that imply more like a 5% organic growth in 1Q or kind of how should we think about that on that commentary? Thanks.
Rachel Vatnsdal: Great. And then last quick one from me. Just your commentary so you guys grew high single-digits ex COVID during 4Q in Europe, which was encouraging. But can you just talk about how have conversations with customers evolved in the past few weeks? It sounds like things have gotten better just from the energy crisis, less on severe winter than anyone was expecting. So what's your kind of outlook for Europe for the year as well? Thank you.
