Robert F. Friel: So I would say on the environmental side, first of all, within China, as you mentioned we saw probably within the Environmental mid-single and that was pretty good strength on the Environmental industrial side, but we continue to see sort of slowing demand or challenging demand on the food side. So China while it was up high-single digits for PerkinElmer was more mid-single digits on the Environmental side. If you looked across more globally, we saw good growth in the U.S. sort of I would say low-single digit in Europe (20:18). And think about it from a trending perspective, what we saw was fairly stable demand through the quarters. I wouldn't say it was necessarily improving through the quarter, but fairly stable, as we look to early Q2 here we're seeing a little bit of an uptick.
Robert F. Friel: Well, I would say on the margin, well, obviously we're trying to be prudent with our expenditures, but at the same time, to the extent that we see opportunities to either innovate with our products or to expand the markets, we're going to continue to invest. As you saw in our financials, R&D was up. That was our plan to increase R&D this year. So while I think we're cognizant of what's happening in the foreign exchange markets. At the same time, if we see strategic opportunities, we're going to continue to focus on those and spend the money. What Andy made some comments around was the indirect spend and we'll continue to focus and drive those. So I would say the areas that are not customer facing, the areas where we're not seeing opportunities to drive innovation in the marketplace, we're going to try and be prudent on. But, I think for the strategic opportunities to increase the top line, we're going to continue to invest.
Robert F. Friel: So I think in the beginning of the year, we said probably something in the $30 million to $35 million range is what we thought we'd get from new products this year. I think we're still on track to do that and maybe we'll do a little bit better. But, I would say that's the range that we're focused on for 2015.
Robert F. Friel: Well I think, when we look at 2015, we think for us, it's going to have a relatively modest top-line improvement. Now as we get past 2015, we're quite excited about the collaboration. But keep in mind, in most instances at least early on this is a substitution for us because we provide effectively our own HPLC today and we're going to swap that out for Waters. So when you really think about that collaboration, it was done, I would say for sort of three reasons. One is, it really enables our customers to simplify their workflow by unifying their chromatography data on one platform, which is Empower. So going forward now when we sell our DC or LC, it'll be sort of standardized on Empower. The other was to sort of give our non-pharma customers access to UPLC from Waters. And the third one was we – it allows us to focus our R&D and software resources in the areas where we can better differentiate ourself. So I think that's how we think about to get it (26:06). Again, it's hopefully a lot of benefit to our customers, but I think in the relatively short-term here at least as we think about 2015, it's probably more of a substitution than it is incremental.
Robert F. Friel: Well, I think, if you look at OneSource I think, we continue to believe it's a sort of mid to high single digit grower, but I think the opportunity we see is to really pull some of the products through, because historically, we've had I'll call it enterprise relationships with our customers at both the OneSource level and at the informatics level. And I think, what we're seeing now again, it's early days, but by combining OneSource and informatics and getting those enterprise level relationships we think, there's an opportunity to pull through some of our products in the research. So while we're always looking to try and drive more growth within OneSource, I think the real opportunity from a growth perspective I think will be from more pull through from the product side.
Robert F. Friel: Well, I would say, first of all, we continue to be very enthusiastic about that opportunity. The tenders are being delayed a little bit. So I would say, the growth was strong in Q2 – or Q1, but we continue to see that be a significant ramp into the back half of the year. As far as our competitive situation, we continue to serve – win probably more than our fair share from the standpoint of – as you know there's five competitors. We're probably winning at a 30% to 35% of the tenders. And so, we feel good about that and we think this could be a significant opportunity, not only in the back half of 2015, but going into 2016 and later on. With regards specifically to pricing, we are not seeing dramatic pricing changes by either the international competitors or the local competitors for that matter. So I think we still feel like we've got a great spot relative to, as you pointed out, being in between those two sort of competitors.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. I think the majority of that's coming from new products and – as I alluded to a little bit in the prepared comments, particularly on the Environmental side, we're pleased that at Pittcon and this is the last quarter, we're able to introduce some 12 new products. So I think that's really what we're attributing to the majority of the pickup in the back half.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah, I would say it's a little bit better than we thought going into the year, and of course India presents a terrific opportunity from a newborn screening perspective. 27 million children or babies are born there every year. And so, we've had discussions with the national government there and we're cooperating in what I would call a sort of a private-public relationship or partnership where we're trying to encourage them at sort of the federal level, but at the same time it's administered at the state level. And so, I would say historically we've had some small pilots. But what we've seen in the first quarter is this ramp up to sort of a bigger volume. And as I mentioned, we're now probably going to do close to a million children, so a huge opportunity out there. But like anything, this probably will take a little time to sort of ramp up, but I would say relative to the beginning of the year, this is probably better than we thought.
Robert F. Friel: Well, first of all on your initial question, those products were introduced at Pittcon, a majority of those are shipping now or will be shipping in May, several of them we started to take orders. And so, I would say we feel pretty good about the acceptance out in the marketplace and the ability to sort of drive that incremental growth in the back half of the year. With regard to margins, I think anytime you introduce new products, clearly the objective is to put products out there that have better cost positions or better features for which we can hopefully get better gross margins or better price, and clearly that's the intention with these products. So I think some of that is, the new product coming out with higher gross margins. I think the other thing is just, naturally if you look in the fourth quarter because our calendarization suggests that we've had higher volume. Historically, you will see higher operating margins in the fourth quarter of the year just because of the seasonality of our revenue. So I think it's part of that and I think it's the new products.
Robert F. Friel: You know, first of all, I think we look at everything. We look at all opportunities to sort of make PerkinElmer better. I think generally we focused on smaller bolt-on acquisitions because quite frankly I think the probability of that happening is higher. But quite frankly we will look at small deals, we'll look at medium deals, we'll look at large deals. I just think as I said, the probability of the smaller deals happening are probably higher. Having said that, I think there is – for a long period of time there has been a lot of competition in the marketplace and I think what we've historically said is, for us to be able to successfully acquire and integrate deals that make sense for PerkinElmer and their shareholders is, we've got to have good synergies and those synergies have to either be from a channel perspective or operations or technology or et cetera. And so what we're generally looking at is acquisitions that are close to what we do today or adjacencies where we can leverage the current assets of PerkinElmer. And I think in those instances we can be very competitive on price.
Robert F. Friel: I think generally what we look at is to have scale in the relative markets in the way that our customers buy products, and I think that's what we've been talking about for some period of time. So for us, it's scale is important, relative market share is obviously very important, but it's how do you define the market. And I think in some instances, when you look at how we define the market, we think we have significant scale. And so, the obvious example is, we don't define the market that we think – or do we think the market should be defined as diagnostic testing. We think the market should be defined as newborn testing or prenatal testing, because we believe that's how the customer buys. And in those instances, we have high. So if you look at diagnostic testing, we would have very small market. If you look at newborn screening or newborn diagnostics, we have very high market, and similarly that's what we look at how the customer buys, or in the case of people want to do imaging. Again, we have very high relative market share. When we moved into some of the environmental or analytical instrument applications, I think it was helpful to have some of these complementary detection capabilities. Of course we feel we have got good scale in ICP or ICP-MS or spectroscopy, et cetera. But in the area of chromatography which I think is complementary in some instances to these techniques or technologies, we didn't have a lot of scale. And so therefore, we thought the partnership with Waters made a lot of sense. And again, it's focused in a market segment or market segments that they don't participate in today. So it's in the sort of more industrial and environmental end-markets.
Robert F. Friel: Well, I think generally what we look at is again based on how we define the relative markets we'd like to be one or a close number one. If we feel at some point we can't get there then we probably should either exit it or find a better or different way to get there. And then in case of liquid chromatography we didn't see a path to get there and so this was an alternative way of sort of continuing to participate in the marketplace. I think that is how I would sort of describe it, but as far as a one-off I would say there are many other opportunities to do this, but I would say it's probably more sort of in the minority generally speaking we would prefer to get there organically.
Robert F. Friel: Okay. Let me try and hit a couple of those. So it was contemplated in the original guidance, I mean this is something we have been in discussions with Waters, and hopeful that we could get it sort of concluded before peak time which we were. With regard to margins, we think this is going to be probably neutral maybe a little helpful to margins, and I think the reason for that is that, as I mentioned in the prepared comments is, from a gross margin perspective it's maybe neutral or a little lower, but of course we can eliminate a fair amount of operating expenses associated with that. So I talked about sort of R&D that we spend today, also software engineers that we have that are associated with our, we have our own chromatography software. So we think from an operating margin perspective it could be neutral to accretive to us largely because of the operating expenses that we can reduce as a result of not having to support both the software and the production and R&D of the product. With regard to the sort of how much incremental revenue is to us versus Waters, it's really difficult for me to comment on Waters. So I'll leave that up to them and I don't know if it's $20 million for 2015 or $20 million annualized, but again that's – again I'll leave that to them. I just I think when we look at the opportunity in 2015, and again I emphasize, I think we're excited about the opportunity. We just – I guess, we're being somewhat cautious in sort of trying to build in a lot of revenue upside. Now, as we get into 2016, I think we are quite excited about the opportunity from the standpoint as you point, we can go upstream a little bit particularly with the UPLC and selling more of our GC that will be tied to Empower, but I think for 2015 right now, we don't see this is a huge incremental.
Robert F. Friel: I think we feel good sort of from a global geography. I mean if you look at the distribution of our business, clearly we've got strength in U.S. and Europe and China. So I think this is going to be hopefully helpful business across the globe. So I don't think I would spike down in any particular region or geographic area where I think this is going to be helpful.
Robert F. Friel: I think Andy alluded to a couple things. I think we've accelerated some of our actions around trying to get after sort of indirect cost and supply chain. But I would say, generally speaking, our approach has been, let's continue to stay on plan relative to our investments particularly in the areas of growth.
Robert F. Friel: Well, I think as we've talked about research in the past I think the thing to recognize is we've got a big radio chemical business that creates a fair amount of drag. As we get into the back half of the year we did have a nice introduction of Opera Phenix in the back half. We're going to cycle up against that now, hopefully we'll continue to grow that. And I would say the third area I would speak on when you're talking about research is Japan. I mean we didn't talk a lot about Japan, but clearly when I think about the first quarter the area that was and although we were at our sort of guidance range it was at the bottom end of the guidance range I would probably attribute that to a weaker Japan than we had expected. I mean we would have forecasted Japan sort of flattish for the first half, and it was down high single digits. And so we're a little cautious about how quickly that returns. I know the budget was recently approved here in April, but again based on what we're seeing and also when we sell into Japan that's probably one of the areas where the currency change is impacting us strategically. I would say if I was going to spike out one area where the strength of the dollar has been somewhat challenging from a strategic or a competitive perspective I would say Japan.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah, I think we can. And I think one of the things that we'll be able to, hopefully if we do that it'll be because we'll get the traction on the OneSource informatics and pull through of the products. I think that will be clear and then we continue to see good traction on the new products. So if our goal is to get that up to single digits – mid single digits. But I think for purposes of guidance, we continue to sort of forecast it in the low single digits.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah, well OneSource was strong in the quarter. I mean one of the things that now clearly with the restatement of those answers you get pretty good transparency in what OneSource was doing. But I think what you would see is that, OneSource on sort of a currency neutral basis grew mid-teens. And so, clearly we think we're continuing to do well there. We did have a couple wins from the standpoint of Gilead and Boehringer. And so I think the competition continues to be tough and challenging, but I think we continue to do well.
Robert F. Friel: So as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we were very pleased with Perten. We think the integration is going well. Perten actually grew sort of low double-digits in the first quarter. So we think they're well on track to probably exceed sort of the model we set out there and I think Andy mentioned the fact that we expect to probably do a little bit better than the $0.04 accretion that we talked about. So, I think, things are going well with Perten and I think we continue to see more opportunities with the synergies between what Perten does and what PerkinElmer does. So historically they've been a significant player within the grain area. We see rolling out then to things like edible oil and a number of other areas where the combined competencies of the twp companies can be quite powerful in the marketplace.
Robert F. Friel: All right. Okay. I didn't hear what you said on the third one. Okay, so with regard to the informatics idea, I agree with you. We've talked about the fact that we've got to get a cloud product with regard to our electronic notebook and quite frankly most of what we do. We have a product right now out with the academic customers who are working on one I would call it sort of in process with regard to pharma. So we continue to make progress on there and to Andy's point earlier we continue to look to hire software engineers to sort of accelerate. That's an area where I think we clearly want to accelerate our spending from an R&D and engineering standpoint because we continue to see significant opportunities within the informatics business I would say both to sort of drive more of historical PerkinElmer products, but also to build out and continue to expand the core informatics capabilities and business. So we'll continue to invest on that. And the last question was on the tomo product. And I think that's a relatively small product for us and we really haven't been pushing that tell you the truth.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah, I mean, I think we were always challenging ourselves from the standpoint of the portfolio and whether the rightful owner of assets. I guess my preference would be is – I'd like to sort of buy before we sell. So if we can be successful with some sizable acquisitions, I think we might look at a couple product line prunings, but quite frankly, when we look across the portfolio, we think most of the things fit pretty well, but like I said, I don't know that I want to get smaller before I get bigger.
Robert F. Friel: So I think on the infectious disease side, or is it newborn? Infectious disease, right? I would say...
Robert F. Friel: I think that can be a significant business for us, and depending on the timeframe, clearly north of $100 million.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah, I think what we've got for the remainder of the year is flat and may even be actually a little negative in the second quarter, quite frankly. So I would say low-single and then sort of flattish in the back half.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. I just want to correct. I don't know that we said it was slowing. I mean, we might have said it was slow single, but I think for – at least what the data we look at says that the U.S. birth rate is sort of stable, but it's a sort of 1% to 2% range. I don't know that we're seeing anything significantly slowing. If we're talking specifically in the U.S., I think the opportunity to grow there is to expand the menu and we've talked about kids in the past. We continue to see that being adopted by states. I think if you look out a year or two probably the next series of tests are probably around LSD, but I would say for the next couple quarters, I think the majority of the growth in newborn is going to come probably outside the U.S. and probably specifically within newborn. One of the areas we're actually quite excited about as I mentioned the fact that we got the China FDA approval of our GSP which is our sort of automated analyzer. And I think what that does is, two things for us. One is, it first of all allows us to take the number of tests today that are done manually and put them on automated platform. And as we continue to get approval of the assays, I think it will accelerate the ramp of the menu. Second, it starts to really differentiate us from the competition. So, I think we've talked about in the past that we have sort of 70% market share in China. And most cases, what we're competing against is local home brews or others that are doing manual. We don't think – clearly, there is nobody else who has a regulated or approved automated analyzer. And so again, as more and more of China moves to an automated which we think they will in order to get higher throughput, it provides us a huge differentiated advantage and allows us to ramp screening much quicker.
Robert F. Friel: Derik, I am not aware of any significant contracts that are coming up in 2015, so I don't – I mean in any given year we probably got some of that because I think as you know, most of these are on a three-year cycle, so there may be some small ones, but I don't think there is anything significant.
Robert F. Friel: And so Derik, let me correct. So the $50 million I gave you was sort of Human Health, for PerkinElmer it's $80 million for Japan. Sorry about that.
Robert F. Friel: Okay. So I'll only take the first one, and I'll give the second one to Andy. So clearly there is seasonality in Perten, and to your point, when we looked historically, the first quarter is light, second quarter starts to pick up a little bit, but their real strong quarter is the third quarter. And it ties to the sort of harvest season. So clearly, there is some cyclicality. And that's both on the revenue side, and clearly on the profitability side as well.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. I think on the product basis, that did well this quarter and our expectation is for that to continue to do well. As you mentioned, there will be, there was some patents that rolled, or there's some royalties that rolled-off in the first quarter, there'll continue to be some that'll create a headwind in the second quarter, and then by the third quarter they are gone effectively. Right, because we anniversary the patents, the patents were expired in the middle of last year. So if you look at just the product, I think it continues to do well sort of high single digits.
Robert F. Friel: Great. So first of all thanks for all your questions and in closing let me just reiterate that we feel very good about the accomplishments in the first quarter, and believe we are well positioned to deliver another strong year for PerkinElmer. So thanks for joining us for the call and have a great evening.
Frank Anders Wilson: Yeah. Currency was about 30 basis points, Isaac. So without the impact of currency we would have been 100 basis points of improvement. We were actually at 70 basis points on a post currency level. I would say, some of the efforts we had around supply chain, were a piece of that and I would say, that's probably a little less than half and the remainder would've been the positive mix we saw and to the diagnostics and informatics business as well.
Frank Anders Wilson: Yeah. There were a couple of things. On the working capital – on the inventory side, we've done – we've initiated a project around reducing transportation costs so there is a one-time pickup of the inventory. It's really around ocean freight so we have a bit of an inventory build there. There were some related as well to Perten. But I think you should see from these levels, those inventory turns should improve each quarter. In addition, we – as Rob mentioned, we introduced a number of NPIs at Perten and there is a fairly meaningful amount of demo inventory required as we roll those out. But I think, overall we still – we still think we'll make some pretty decent traction on inventory. I mean if you look at our receivables, we made some tremendous progress there so it was able to offset some of that inventory, but we still have work to do.
Frank Anders Wilson: So that is really more of a timing headwind. It's really not as far as our ability to catch those tenders it's really a neutral, but just as far as how quickly those tenders are issued and approved that gets slowed by this change.
Frank Anders Wilson: Yeah, it's in our guidance, but it was basically continued hiring. We have a number of positions both on the commercial side and the R&D side we're continuing to ramp and we had forecasted that those would ramp a little bit quicker than they did. We still expect to fill those as we move, and we have been filling some of those thus far in the second quarter. So I think that will normalize through the year and that additional cost is in our guidance.
Frank Anders Wilson: Yeah. Let me get back to you on that because I don't have that in front of me, but I can get that to you very quickly.
Frank Anders Wilson: We had contemplated a portion of the pension. We're still looking at $300 million for the year, and we still feel confident in our ability to generate that type of cash flow. So I think that's the overall metric hasn't change. As I mentioned earlier, we have some work to do around inventory. I think that's going to be helpful. I think we've got plans and leadership in place to do that. So I think nothing has really changed overall. And the pension funding itself, we really like to stay at around 80% on a funding basis and that just gets us back to that kind of comfort zone on funding. We don't have any more mandatory payments until late 2017 early 2018. So we're – but we're just trying to make sure we're conservative in our estimates around pension costs.
Frank Anders Wilson: Well, specifically on licenses, actually that was a headwind for us in the quarter. So that as I mentioned before certainly around gross, around mix and the other items, I think were the primary drivers. And actually one other item I didn't mention was OneSource. There was fairly significant improvement in OneSource gross margins from the first quarter of last year to the first quarter of this year. If you look at or listen to an earlier question about, have we done anything? We really tried to accelerate some of the initiatives around supply chain on the gross margin side and around the indirect spend so that we can reinvest back in R&D and selling. So, I think we were particularly successful in the first quarter. Hopefully that'll continue through the next three quarters, but those were kind of the key drivers.
Frank Anders Wilson: We did not have any extra days in the quarter, I think we communicated it on our January call that we would have extra days in the third quarter of this year. But from a pricing perspective, we continue to be able to get pricing specifically on the reagent consumable side, it becomes a little tougher on the instrument side. But I think overall, it was fairly modest in the first quarter but we continue to try to get it wherever we can.
Frank Anders Wilson: Well, that is actually the natural next step and we're – we've created a team to actually start to generate some efforts around the direct side, which we do think that there is opportunity in. I think on the indirect side, we've looked for a $10 million plus savings year-over-year. I think we're well on track for that, hopefully we can exceed that, but we've got dedicated resources, dedicated purchasing people, and I think we've got an organization that's really rallied around this, because it really does allow us to reinvest back. So I would say, I feel as good if not better than I did going into the year on the indirect spend side, and I think the additional opportunity as you mentioned is direct side, so hopefully we'll have more to talk about that in the next couple of quarters.
Frank Anders Wilson: I think most of it, Tycho, was more of a comp issue. I think it's obviously it's a fairly choppy market and I think second half they are saying some headwinds. But overall if you look at – broadly at the market, it's under some pressure, but I still think we feel like we can have positive growth for the year in that business.
Frank Anders Wilson: I would say the heavy lifting we did in 2013 and part of 2014 were probably the high watermarks. But I would say, we're probably in a – if you want to do a relative, we're probably 70% of those types of levels. It's just a different area that we're focused on whereas in 2013 and 2014, we were really looking at shrinking the footprint and rightsizing the organization. This is really looking at spend and given we have the flexibility now to look at it on a corporate wide basis, we see a lot of opportunities there. But and I think it's opportunity that we'll see over the next – certainly a couple to three years, as we start to move, and as I mentioned earlier into the direct side as well.
Frank Anders Wilson: They'll gradually go through Q2 and the balance of units. It's really around hiring, and at any point in time...
Frank Anders Wilson: We're constantly hiring, but I guess it'll be a slow ramp as we continue to bring the informatics and the R&D resources on board.
Frank Anders Wilson: Well, I think on the operating margin front, we've felt all along that we should have a two-handle in front of our operating margin. And I think we've set a goal of getting to 20% plus in 2017. I think with the volatility of currency, it makes it a bit tougher. It's still our goal. But I would say, in that timeframe or maybe just slightly longer, we still see our way to doing that. And I think we have plans in place, FX aside, that will help continue to improve our margin. So I don't think there is anything structural that would keep us from hitting those types of goals.
Frank Anders Wilson: Yeah, the only difference I think, on the reconciliation and I'll double check for you, Steve, but there is some purchase accounting adjustments in the numbers as well as the revenues that roll up to that 3%, so there could be some rounding in there, but I'll double check that, and get back to you.
