Robert F. Friel: Yes. I would say it's largely in the chemical and energy area. I mean, the 2 that I would spike out as where we saw a fairly significant cut back from instrument purchases.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. So I would say, first of all, it's 15% of our revenue we're talking about here, so -- and again, in these 3 components, I think first of all, if you take in vivo imaging, it's a business that we have a good share in, so we think we understand almost product by product, or customer by customer what happened in the first quarter, and we can track those. And so again, we're starting to see some recovery. So I think we've got a pretty good handle on what's going on there. Of course, you still have the risk of uncertainty around funding. So we -- like I said, we think this recovers -- starts to recover in the second quarter and in the back half start to get more to what we've seen historically. I think in the case of Japan, as we look back in hindsight and understand it, I think a lot of it was this issue with the supplemental budget that was pushed. Our view is that, when you had a change in government, you created some uncertainty -- and keep in mind, one of the bigger pieces of our business in Japan is the radiometric detection, and a lot of that is government funded. And so we think that will sort itself out over the year. And so we do think there's some recovery there as well. I think the bigger question for us is Europe. And as I mentioned before, and as you recall, we -- in 2012, we're fairly bearish on Europe, and we're surprised with the upside in first half. And so, consequently, I think we're probably more optimistic in our projections than we probably needed to be. So as we think about the rest of the year, I think Japan will recover, I think in vitro will recover -- we're still fairly cautious on Europe, and that's how we tried to build our forecast, in trying to be a forecast that we think is accurate but also achievable.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. I think the other thing to point out is that, as you mentioned, there -- it's not just a revenue drop, but I think probably more surprising than the revenue drop is the flow-through. So whether you look at, for example, year-over-year, we've got over 100% of flow-through where our operating profit decline is greater than our revenue decline, and when you look at relative to plan even it's fairly high. I think one of the things that was unfortunate, particularly, in the first half was that we went into this year, again, assuming we were going to see some growth. And so we were investing both from a R&D and growth perspective, as well as from a productivity program. And so again, with sort of a drop late in the quarter, we couldn't respond to that, and so, consequently, you're seeing increasing costs and no revenue to cover that. And so that's really what's caused the significant flow-through. So consequently, we are looking at a couple of things. We'll probably take some of those investments and defer those, given the revenue drop. We're also looking at pulling in some further productivity plans that we had on track for maybe later in the year in 2014. So I think as we've talked to you in the past is we think we've got a series of things that we can do that continue to drive efficiency through the organization. And then the third thing is we will take a hard look particularly in those areas, where we're not seeing the growth, and in fact, seeing accelerating declines, and we will take some cost actions there. So combination of cost actions in the areas where we're seeing declines, accelerating productivity plans that we would have done either later in the year an '14, and a deferral of some of the investment plans that we had in the second quarter and either later in the year or into 2014.
Robert F. Friel: So let me just help you a little bit with the numbers. The 85% grew about $3 million, and the 15% declined about $25 million, so those are the numbers. So the answer to your question is, yes. If you look at the 85% -- now, if you look at those products and geographies, those businesses generally were not off more than $1 million individually. Now of course, you have some that are up a little bit, some that were down a little bit, and that's basically all it says [ph]. But the fundamental, the 85% of the revenue, as I said, it did as we projected. With regard to the -- late in the quarter, we look at our revenue through the quarter on a week-by-week basis and measure the percentage of revenue we've achieved to date and compare that sequentially to the percentage in Q4, and we compare it year-over-year to the percentage in Q1. And actually, if you look at week 12 and actually up through week 11, we were tracking within 50 basis points of where we needed to be. And there was really only in week -- partly, in week 12 that we started to see a decline that ended up resulting in the, call it, $25 million miss to the revenue. Now having said that, particularly, when you're talking about instruments, a big portion of our instruments occur in the last couple of weeks of the quarter.
Robert F. Friel: But again, going back to my comments before, there were other areas that were declined. But in these instances this was planned, either because of difficult year-over-year comparisons or various dynamics that were going on in those countries, either from sort of a mix.
Robert F. Friel: All right. Well, let me take the first one, and maybe Andy can talk about the status of productivity. So I think as we sort of laid out a roadmap in the past, we talked about initially doing some things from a sourcing perspective, doing some things from a factory consolidation and doing some things from a back-office. I think the other opportunity is to do some things on how we go to market. So from a selling and marketing perspective, also as I mentioned in some instances, maybe going direct versus indirect. So those are the types of things that we had teed up largely for 2014. I think we'll look for opportunities to pull that in earlier into 2013.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. I don't think there's anything that occurred this quarter that changes our mind with regard to that. And again, that's what I wanted to sort of reemphasize the point that -- well, obviously, we want to be responsive to what we're seeing from a revenue shortfall here in the first quarter. We want to make sure that we're balanced from the standpoint of trying to attack the cost in the areas where we think it's appropriate, but we want to continue to fuel this significant opportunities we see. Because we do think with the portfolio we have now and the end markets that we serve, that we do think there's an opportunity to sort of expand faster than mid-single digit.
Robert F. Friel: I think what we'll try to do in here, some of those investments, to the extent that they were sort of people, some of them were sort of marketing and training and those types of things. And what we'll probably do is sort of delay some of those, rather than say being in the second quarter, and maybe we'll wait and look to see how this revenue grows. If we get more comfortable that the third quarter will be at least as we project or maybe better, we'll start to feather those out a little later in the year, or if we have to hold them off to '14. So I would say it's generally in the areas you mentioned there and we'll just sort of moderate that as we see the revenue.
Robert F. Friel: I don't see anything happening on the competitive dynamics that should have any impact on our Medical Imaging business. I think we still feel very good about our share. I think with regard to pricing, and this is something we talked about in the past, this is a business that every year generally has pricing decreases that are, in the last cases, contractual with our customers. Because as volume increases, generally, it's -- think about fab economics, the incremental costs to produce that additional panel is fairly low, and so some of that is shared with the customers. So generally, in any given year, we're probably looking to 100 basis points or so margin contraction, and 2013 is similar.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. I would say, again, it's getting harder and harder to do, but I would say, given the magnitude of the drop in in vivo, Caliper would've been negative in the quarter. I would say it was probably something in the high single digit decline. But as we think about those products and those applications, we still feel very good about it. As I said, I do believe the in vivo imaging has probably mid-teen opportunities as we sort of go out later in the year and into '14. We continue to feel very good about the microfluidics business and think that will see very strong growth in the back half of the year. And I mentioned the fact that sample prep around NGS saw good growth in the quarter, and I think that will continue to do well. I mean, one of the challenges is, as we talked about some of the cannibalization, so we saw very strong growth in our JANUS liquid handling. And some of that was cannibalization of some of the Caliper liquid handling business.
Robert F. Friel: I don't think so. I think we still feel good about the growth prospects for all the business. And like I said, I don't -- well, obviously, from a cost and investment perspective, we want to sort of get after this. I don't think we want to sort of overreact from a sort of one quarter phenomena here. And again, I think it's fairly geographically focused in Japan and Europe, and of course, the sequestration impact in the U.S. So I think we'll continue to look across the portfolio. There are areas of the portfolio that we feel better about from the macro trend. So -- and it's clearly, some of the areas of Diagnostics continue to be attractive. And again, we saw a good growth in Q1. Informatics, I think, is an area that again put up very strong numbers in the first quarter, and so I would like to continue to build our capability there. I think that is something that somewhat differentiates us relative to some of the other peers. And of course, China is an area that with 20% growth, is an area that will continue to -- will try and build out our capability there.
Robert F. Friel: I would say, clearly, the competitive landscape is changing. But I think we still feel good about our position in the areas where we're focused. And again, our strategy has been a little different in that we're not really trying to sort of be sort of all things to all people. What we're trying to be is very focused in areas where we think our technology and our intellectual property can be differentiated, and hopefully we can target those in areas that have a little higher growth. So I think we continually are assessing our portfolio. And if there are some product lines on the margin, we think there should be somebody else that might be a better owner, we'll continue to look at that. But I would say, for the most part, we feel good about our positions, we feel good about our technologies, and we think we can continue to be fairly differentiated in our offerings.
Robert F. Friel: I think first of all, the magnitude of the impact, I think, did catch us by surprise. I think we were saying, it could be 10% to 20%. I think clearly, it was more than that. And my comment previous was, I think, a part of the issue has been just the uncertainty. I think, a lot of the labs are still trying to figure out how it's going to work, will they reach back and cut some grants that have been issued previously? And so I think the magnitude of it was a little higher. I think the other thing is, well, I think it's difficult to tie it directly to sequestration. I think there has clearly been a ripple effect with general austerity. Because again, I'm not sure our exposure is any different than what we thought, and we, I think, sort of calibrated that around mid-single digits. But we were surprised to see the global aspects of it. So again, the in vivo business has probably 50% of its business outside the U.S., but we saw researchers in Brazil and researchers in Asia and researchers in Europe pulling back as well. So I think the general sort of economic austerity, we were surprised by.
Robert F. Friel: Well, the issue this quarter was really more of the RAD detection, so it's a little different than the issues that we've seen historically. The RAD detection business, it's grown modestly, I would say over the last couple of years. It had a pop because of the tsunami in Japan. But I think what you're probably referring to more is the RAD radiochemical business, which again saw probably a mid- to high-digit decline from a year-over-year perspective. Again, that was something planned, that's something we've seen for quite some time here. And I think as we think about it, it does give us some ability to discuss with certain labs. And we think about disposing of it, we're not sure that we would get a lot of value. Our view is that people will probably just discount the cash annuity. And so as we think about the opportunity to bundle it with some things that we do, we think it still probably makes sense for the stay in the portfolio, but we don't think it's probably ever going to be a significant grower.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. I would say for the rest of the year, it's probably high single, low double, is what we're assuming. And I would say, if you look at second quarter, it's sort of 5 to 8 and then it sort it picks up as you go through the quarter. And I think what gives us the confidence is there is still a fairly significant pipeline and there's a fairly significant demand from researchers to use that product. It's very instrumental in a lot of cancer research. And so in just the discussion with researchers and looking at the pipeline, we think once we get through some of these funding uncertainties, we think the demand will continue. And again, because we have pretty good insight into the customers and because we have pretty good share here, we're fairly convinced that this is not a share issue, and we're not losing share.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. I would say we are seeing an early -- some of the funding free up a little bit. So I think that gives us a little bit more confidence. But clearly, this is an area we are going to watch very closely. We were surprised in Q1, and so we feel like this will recover, but it's something we're going to have to keep a close eye on. But early indication is in April, it seems to imply that there is some funding freeing up and we're starting to recover some of these that got pushed.
Robert F. Friel: Tycho, I would say, our practice has been to announce on schedule and not to release early, whether we are positive or negative. Because we don't think it makes sense to go out with incomplete data. Our view is it's better to provide a complete analysis and we wanted to make sure that we -- when we did go out, that we had a complete understanding of what happened, how it affects the business and what we're going to do about it. And to sort of depart from that rigor, would just lead to speculation and probably increase volatility. So we wanted to make sure that we had it buttoned up and said, hey, we fully understand what happened. This is what we think the implications are for the rest of the year, and this is what we think we can do about it. And my own view is to go out with incomplete data, again, just would lead to speculation and further confusion.
Robert F. Friel: Well, I would say, for our guidance, we have generally guided Medical Imaging to relatively modest growth in 2013. And part of that was because we saw a very strong growth in 2012. So our expectations for Medical Imaging, even in the beginning of the year, were relatively modest, I'll call it sort of flat to low single digits and we still think we can deliver that. We did a little bit better than that in Q1, but we have fairly modest expectations for the Medical Imaging business throughout the remainder of the year.
Robert F. Friel: Well, again, I sort of mentioned a little bit before. A significant piece of our Japanese business is radiometric detection. It was down, actually close to 40% year-over-year, and I don't know that any of our competitors do radiometric detection in Japan.
Robert F. Friel: I think it's -- at this point, it's a little difficult for us to go back and sort of parse out whether our competitors are getting share or not. I mean, I think that's going to take us a little bit time to understand what's going on, and I just sort of mentioned, sort of understanding what are the other competitors. We know because we have a big presence in radiometric detection and that was a big driver to the decline. If you pull that out, actually our analytical instrument business in Japan was down single digits.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. Actually, when we looked out and sort of mentioned the prepared remarks, it was pretty pervasive. I mean, it wasn't, in fact, actually there was a slight higher downturn -- decrease in sort of the northern and central parts of Europe as compared to Southern Europe. But it was across the board. And again, and what I'm talking, the decline, it was really Western Europe. Actually, Eastern Europe was fine, Eastern Europe grew for us. But when you look across Western Europe, and again, the area I'm spiking out as sort of the significant decline was in analytical instruments, but it was, whether it was north, central, south, they were all down fairly significantly.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. I mean, I think Andy mentioned is we're very pleased with -- we launched it February 1, and so we've got a little bit of history here. So we're seeing a very nice uptick running in through our channel. But as I think we mentioned, the key here is you've got to get paid. And so we're taking a very conservative approach to revenue forecasting. But we still feel very good about it.
Robert F. Friel: No. I would say, not really. And I think it's continued to validate our hypothesis, as because we had great relationships with the physicians, particularly in this area because of our NTD business, that we're getting great traction and uptick.
Robert F. Friel: So I would say the area that we're seeing the most significant change was probably in the in vivo area, where we are starting to see some people actually purchase instruments. And as you can imagine, Q4 was down very significantly. So I would say that here. Also in the case of Japan, we will see some recovery there for no other reason than we have much easier comps. I mean part of what was driving again -- and we knew we were going to be down because of the tsunami sort of blip we had in late '11 and early '12, so we will see some recovery in Japan. I mean Europe, it's a little early to tell, because going back to my earlier comments, a lot of the instrument purchases are more back-end loaded in the quarter. So I would say we're not seeing a significant uptick in Europe, but we will probably see some recovery in Japan for no other reason than comps, and we are seeing some improvements in in vivo.
Robert F. Friel: Well, I think Europe is -- and I think as we have put together the forecast, we have been probably most cautious about Europe. And so I think Japan we feel better about, again, part of that is just comparison purposes. I think in vivo, again, because of our pipeline, but I think we are cautious in Europe. So while we think Europe gets a little bit better, we are forecasting for analytical instruments in Europe still fairly modest demand.
Robert F. Friel: No, I don't think so. As I said, I mean this is something that we track on a weekly basis up until the last 2 weeks of the quarter and then we track it on a daily basis. And we were tracking pretty well. And when you look at both Q4 as a percentage of our revenue during the various weeks and Q1. I think one of the things though as we go back and analyze this in more detail now, we believe what may have been happening is, there were some declines that were inherent in the weekly numbers that were being masked by revenue that was not necessarily beating plan but was just coming in early in the quarter. So while we were tracking, again, on a percentage, we were within 50 basis points of our percentage revenue on -- in week 9, 10, 11, and going into 12. But we think that what was happening was that some of the revenue for the quarter was pulled earlier in some of these areas other than the 3 I mentioned.
Robert F. Friel: As I said, we don't believe so in in vivo, and we've got pretty good visibility into that. We don't believe we're losing share in radiometric detection because, quite frankly, there's not a lot of people that do that. I think there is a question with regard to Europe, and I just don't know that we have enough data to have a good appreciation for that.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. I would say for me, it's probably 2 or 3 differentiators. One is we've been doing it for a long time, we've got a great track record and we've got a lot of experience in doing this, and we've done it with a lot of customers. I would say the second thing is, because of some of the acquisitions we made in the informatics area, call it, 18, 24 months ago. We are now able to bundle some very unique offerings, where we can provide our customers not only opportunities to manage the service aspect of what's going on in their labs, but we're giving them visibility through the use of our informatics capabilities.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. Actually, food safety was up for us, probably sort of high single digits in the quarter. So we continue to see good growth in the food area. And again, the majority of the weakness that we saw was on the industrial analytics. So the environmental piece, air and water was fine, the food area was fine. We mentioned the fact that the service was fine. It was fairly contained within Europe and Japan, and largely focused in the industrial end markets.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. So I would say, we continue to be very pleased with the integration, first of all. I think that's going well into our -- in our business there. And we continue to feel good about our win rate there. In the Q1, we continued to win tenders there, and so we think we're getting more than our fair share of the business. So we continue to be excited about that business and think come '14, '15, that's going to be to a big contributor to our growth.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. Our analytical instrument business is, call it 60%, 65% of our China business. And as we said, we continued to see very strong growth in China in the first quarter. And the growth was sort of broad-based across all our businesses. All of our businesses in China grew mid-teens or better, including the environmental business.
Robert F. Friel: Revenue perspective. Yes. So from an incentive comp standpoint, obviously our incentive comp is down significantly. But keep in mind, some of the businesses continue to do well. And in fact, some of our businesses actually did a little bit better than their forecast, so obviously, the leaders in those businesses will continue to expect and will probably continue to pay incentive comp in those businesses. Obviously, the businesses that have not done as well, the incentive comp will be down significantly.
Robert F. Friel: Great. Well, thanks, everyone, appreciate your questions. So let me just close by saying that despite the performance this quarter by a limited portion of our portfolio, I see a lot to be optimistic about for PerkinElmer for the remainder of 2013, as well as the years to come. I remain confident that we are extremely well positioned to drive our mission of improving human and environmental health through the development of cutting-edge solutions, serving attractive markets. Our ability to weather more difficult economic times is well proven, and I believe we can continue to deliver strong shareholder returns and accelerate our growth through the quality of our offerings, as well as our operating discipline and the dedication of our 7,500 terrific employees. Thank you, again, for your continued interest in PerkinElmer, and have a good evening.
Frank A. Wilson: The 2 other areas were Korea and Southeast Asia that were really declining significant double digits. So those, combined with Japan, unfortunately offset a relatively good performance in China.
Frank A. Wilson: And on the other question, we are actually relatively complete with one of our facility moves, which is really the transfer of manufacturing to Singapore and China, and we will start to see the benefit of that in the second quarter, and then the full benefit at the third and fourth. On the other facility consolidation in the U.S., where we're consolidating 3 facilities into 1, the actual activity will be completed in the second quarter, we'll start to see that benefit as well in the second half. And the spending, we -- within the first quarter, the spending was a little over $5 million for these projects -- for these growth and productivity projects. That will decline some, but the savings we're going to generate just from the manufacturing and restructuring on an annualized basis is about $15 million.
Frank A. Wilson: Yes. I think, as I said, our share count for this year will be about 113 million. We had indicated going to the year, we would take out, but it was essentially the option creep from 2011 and we did that. I think going forward, we have an acquisition pipeline primarily of bolt-ons that we're continuing to work through and I think there's some opportunity there. And we will continue to look at further share buybacks as well.
Frank A. Wilson: Well, we've had an 18% target out there for operating margins in 2014 for some time, and I think this obviously makes it more difficult. I think we feel, if we can deliver the second half forecast that we have now, it's still achievable, it's going to make it a lot more difficult to do. But as Rob mentioned, there's some things we're pulling in on a cost savings perspective. And I think some of the initiatives that are actually complete and the cost are rolling off will start to generate some fairly significant savings in 2014. So we're still sticking with that at this point.
Frank A. Wilson: Sure. Well, this is the first quarter we've missed guidance in over 10 years, and we do not want to miss guidance again. So we took a very detailed bottoms-up approach to the forecast, and we also then put a very conservative overlay on that forecast. So our confidence level in achieving this forecast is, I would say, high.
Frank A. Wilson: On the FX side, we did have about a $6 million FX headwind on the revenue side. We did have a flow-through of that. Because of the change in the yen, we don't have a very large cost base or manufacturing presence in Japan, so that flowed through, so we had about a $0.02 hit on the FX side year-over-year. I think the CapEx piece, we're usually about 2% of revenues. That's pretty much on track at least thus far in the first quarter, and I think we may end up being a bit below that in the second half at this stage having reviewed the projects in the pipeline.
Frank A. Wilson: Right. Within the full year plan, year-over-year, our currency impact is going to be about $10 million, that's in the forecast.
Frank A. Wilson: Steve, what I had said was the majority of the business would be similar to the first quarter, but we are seeing an uptick. And I think our guidance calls for flat to low single digit in the second quarter, so that is an uptick from the negative one in the first quarter.
