Frank A. Wilson: Caliper was a little less -- Caliper grew mid-single digits organically. It's a little hard to kind of break out Caliper now that it's being integrated with the larger business. But its impact to overall PerkinElmer organic was fairly minimal this quarter. But the rationale, or the reason behind that, Caliper had a very strong 20-plus percent organic growth quarter last year, so it was a little bit lower. But first half, we're seeing Caliper generating about 13% organic revenue.
Frank A. Wilson: Well, I think we -- we've been talking about sort of productivity initiatives that we've been putting in place. And if you really look at a lot of our ability to expand margins, it's really been levering that G&A base. So as we grow, we're able to basically keep our headcount fairly flat. And obviously, that translates into good margin expansion. We did get a little bit of help from FX in the quarter. So if you're just looking  specifically at the second quarter. I think overall, though, it's really been a corporate focus on trying to make sure we're efficient with spend. And I think that it's taking hold. And over the last several quarters, we've continued to see that gain traction. And I think we've got some spending that we're going to be doing, some heavier lifting over the next 2 to 3 quarters that we think will further enhance that as we look on the gross margin lines to move things, move some of the manufacturing from developed -- developing economies, as well as really leveraging more at the back office and in certain parts of the world. So I think we feel good about the progress, some heavy lifting left to do, but a lot more opportunities as well. And I think we still feel pretty good about our ability to get to the high-teens operating margin by '14.
Frank A. Wilson: Well, it was -- the U.S. was actually up high-single digit in the quarter. And we had some strong informatics revenue in the quarter, which was a piece of that. But overall, it was a very solid quarter.
Frank A. Wilson: It's in line with the timing we set in place at the beginning of the year. It maybe a little off, but not much. I think we're still on track. I think there's 2 components of it as well. There's EBIT -- there's EBITDA and the debt delevering, and we're doing a little better on the EBITDA as well so there's a bit of a mix there. But I think overall, we're on track.
Frank A. Wilson: I think for modeling purposes, I would keep it kind of fairly steady at that level. I don't think it's going to go -- we're not going to let it go any higher.
Robert F. Friel: I think what we talked about is that we're fairly neutral from the standpoint of revenue and expense across the various regions. But, of course, what you have is the profitability. When we talk about the currency impact, think about it as just at a high-level earning. Europe is close to 30% of our revenue and call that our profitability, right? So 30% of our profitability is going through sort of 15% decline. So as you convert that profit in Europe to dollars, that's where your impact is, you're converting that in a much lower rate.
Robert F. Friel: Well, try not to -- we fundamentally have 2 businesses. One, we have, as you said, the newborn screening, and that continues to grow. But more importantly, when we bought SYM-BIO in 2009, we also got a business that's involved in infectious disease, so hepatitis and HIV. And that continues to see very strong growth and continued to come out with new products there. You may recall, we talked about building out a big production capacity there, so we've continued to invest there and that's contributing a big portion of the growth in China. I would also say, on the environmental side, we see strong growth there as well. So I would say, mostly on the environmental side and on the diagnostic side is what's driving the over 20% growth in China.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. I would say it's still strong. I would say it's slowed a little bit in the second quarter. And, of course, we also have some new products coming out, particularly in the ICP-MS area and those sides. So that's -- we're seeing, I would say, good growth in China. It's probably slowed a little bit relative to what we saw in -- I'm talking specifically on the environmental side relative to Q4 and Q1.
Robert F. Friel: Well, I would put it in some category, some buckets. So I would say, first of all, we continue to invest in some interesting areas around detection capabilities. So we talked about -- I talked a little bit about this sample introduction technology from Aspect[ph], so I would say that's one area. Clearly, continuing to expand out our menu in the screening area, is an area that's going to get some investment here in the back half. I think in the research area, biotherapeutics and epigenetics are 2 areas that we feel very good about. And of course, we announced recently our expansion of a personal health innovation center in Hopkinton, so the focus in those areas and a couple other ones. So -- and of course, informatics, I would say is another that, I think, you'll continue to see us investing here in the back half.
Robert F. Friel: I would say, from a market perspective, it's maybe worsening a little bit on the pharma side, particularly in the small molecule area. And our focus is to continue to migrate into some of these higher-growth areas like biotherapeutics, epigenetics, next-gen sequencing. Obviously, that was one of the big incentives or benefits of buying Caliper. So I would say that's slowing a little bit. I would say to be fair also in Q2, we made some switches with the Caliper integration. We went on to SAP and a number of other things, and probably that maybe cost us a little bit of growth. And I think, as Andy mentioned, we've built some nice backlog. So our expectation is that the Research business probably returns to positive growth in the back half.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. I would say that where we saw the biggest change through Q2 was in Europe. So as you recall, Europe in Q1 for us was sort of mid-single growth. And in Q2, it was actually a decline of low-single digits. And so we saw that occur from sort of the April to the May timeframe and into June. I would say, since sort of mid-June to July here, that's been fairly similar. And so other than Europe, I would say the trends in most of our end markets has been fairly consistent over the last couple of months.
Robert F. Friel: I would say that's a trend that has been around for at least a couple quarters. I would say the one area where we are seeing some changes on the instrument side is some more aggressive pricing by some of the competition. So I would say that's for us, that seems to be more of a recent change. But as far as higher-level approvals within our customer base, I think that's been around for a couple of quarters.
Robert F. Friel: Sure. Why, Kevin's here, that was sort of Kevin's meeting to some extent, so maybe I ask him to comment on some of the takeaways from that.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. Of the 200 raised points, about 80 of that was just the higher gross margins of the acquisitions we acquired in 2011. So they contributed 80 basis points. And then the rest of it was strictly around productivity with some of the initiatives I talked about earlier within the factory. And I think that's -- we did also see, in the quarter, a bit of an increase from a mix perspective and some licensing revenues, as well as some informatics revenues, which are higher gross margin than in the average.
Robert F. Friel: Yes, so I would say in this quarter, we saw a much more severe bifurcation between emerging markets and developed markets. I think if you look historically, as you mentioned, the difference might have been 200 basis points between the growth we saw in developed world versus emerging. This year, we saw a much greater differentiation. So clearly, in the emerging markets they're continuing to spend, particularly in the environmental area and I would say also in the food safety area. We saw a little bit of a pullback, or let's say less growth in the developed world. So that's how I would characterize some of the change you're seeing now. And, of course, Europe is a big part of that. So that's a large contributor to it. But we did see a much larger gap between the 2, the developed and the emerging markets.
Robert F. Friel: Well, first of all, when I talk about our Europe business, we actually had -- our diagnostic business continued to grow. So what we saw -- we actually saw growth on the diagnostic side. Where we saw a decline was sort of, I would say more in the instrument-based businesses, so both environmental and the research side. And as I mentioned before, we did see -- now, of course, we grew in the first half as well, as I said mid-single digits. So we did see fairly, sort of steady, sort of consistent decline beginning sort of early Q2, sort of in the early June. And then like I said, it sort of stabilized a little bit, and our sense is, at least through the first couple of weeks here, in the third quarter, it's more stable. So that is how I would describe our experiences in Europe.
Robert F. Friel: Well, I would just say, Isaac, generally we -- to the extent we're going to do anything on incentive comp, we would do that sort of on the latter part of the year. So I would say no current plans to change it. But again, those discussions usually occur at our December board meeting.
Robert F. Friel: I would think of it more as sort of adding back the benefit in the second quarter. And again, we'll sort of evaluate as we go along. I mean, that's the plan right now into Q3, and we'll sort of reassess that depending on how we go in Q3. But I would think of it as sort of taking it from the first half and moving into the second.
Robert F. Friel: I mean, I assume that it will continue to grow in the back half, probably moderate a little relative to what we've seen here in the first half. But we feel like we'll continue to see pretty growth there. They do have a very strong growth in Q4 that will make it a little bit more difficult comparison. I think they were up sort of mid-teens, organically, in the fourth quarter of '11. But generally speaking, that business continues to do well and we see good demands there.
Robert F. Friel: No, I think it's going to be both. And I think there'll also be some on the cost of sales line as well which will be some of these productivities. But I would say R&D and selling, as Andy talked about before, we're trying to be fairly aggressive on trying to reduce our G&A. So I would say it's on those 2 areas, most, and then you see it in cost of sales.
Robert F. Friel: Yes,  I mean, as we said, it continues to grow nicely. It's off of a very low base, but as far as growth rates, it continues to do well. I think the CLIA certification opens up some additional business we can get. Again, this is largely focused on the research area and pharmaceutical companies. So we have had requests in the past where they wanted some of the samples to be done under CLIA because they're either going into preclinical or clinical tests. And so I think it's really -- it's, again, really focused on the research and, mostly, pharma side.
Robert F. Friel: We have. I would say it's still small. I mean I would say we've targeted that more sort of the latter part of this year. So we started to move some, but it's been very small, I don't know if you want to...
Robert F. Friel: No, I don't think so. I mean, I think, particularly when you look at the strength in the first quarter and sort of average that over the year, our assumption is that Europe will be sort of flat to down slightly.
Robert F. Friel: So I think from a size -- I don't if we've got into the specifics of how big that business is, specifically, but I would say it's less clearly, less than 5% of our revenue. And I think, we've talked about this on our other calls, we're really pursuing 2 alternatives. We're pursuing some things internally and in this specific case, we're using some technology, actually, that Caliper had combined with some capabilities that we had to see if we can orchestrate around some of the difficult IP issues in this area. And then, of course, the other thing is we're watching that very closely because I think one of the challenges with some of the current providers is, there seems to be a sort of an IP minefield right now. So I would say we're sort of analyzing that, as well as sort of doing some things internally to potentially have our own offering.
Robert F. Friel: Well, I think it's just continuing to be able to differentiate what we're doing. I think that drove us to some extent into some of these informatics capabilities. I mentioned the current collaboration with our informatics business and OneSource that we've now come up with a very interesting product that, for example, Mark is using. So it's just continuing to build out our differentiated capabilities. I would say that's one. I think the other thing is just to continue to expand geographically. I mean, historically, OneSource was adopted in, sort of the developed world, and now it's -- almost all of our customers seem to move a lot of their lab activity into emerging markets. We continue to build our capability there. So I think that really is how we'll continue to grow.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. Let me just clarify. I would say that in the case of China, that wasn't a large equipment. That was just a continued growth. I talked about expansion of more customers there. So in Q2, we did not have a necessarily large interim placement. But what happens periodically is we'll build some large -- in most cases, newborn screening labs. I think Egypt was one, we mentioned last year. But I would say in Q2, that was not the case.
Robert F. Friel: Great. Thank you, Keith. And thank you, all, for your questions and continued interest in PerkinElmer. So in summary, let me just add, we were -- we're very well-positioned, but given the attractiveness in the end markets and the criticality of our offerings, our ability to continue to provide differentiated innovations to our customers and our focus on providing strong financial results while investing in the long-term growth aspects of the company. So again, I look forward to updating you on our continued progress at the end of next quarter. Thank you, and have great day. This call is now adjourned.
Kevin Hrusovsky: Yes, Den, it was actually well-attended and we had a meeting in U.K. the following week as, which was well-attended. And we had over 800 customers and I would say the next-gen sequencing, biotherapeutics, as well as epigenetics, which PerkinElmer is uniquely qualified to address, because it's really how the environment is affecting health. Those topics seem to really resonate. We actually had to track as well on informatics, and that was -- the rooms were completely full on informatics. And I think, the combination of those 4 topics was about, let's say, 65 presentations from customers, really created -- we think good demand for the second half as well as next year and with us opening up the new Personalized Help Innovation Center, we think that there's great momentum for a lot of these newer hotter markets in the positioning that we have inside of them.
Kevin Hrusovsky: Yes, Dan. I think that we are still investing in this area. We were watching carefully the evolution of kind of the centralized next-gen sequencer to the benchtop, and looking at accuracy and precision rates, but most importantly, we're seeing that sample prep is playing an important role in that overall accuracy, so we are continually -- PerkinElmer's is continuing to make strong investments in sample preparation, not only to improve the precision, to help it get in to the clinic more productively, but also the sample sizes, in general, are getting smaller. We had many physicians at our user conference talking about circulating tumor cells, as well as fine-needle aspirate biopsies, as opposed to large biopsies. And as these sample sizes get smaller, I think our microfluidic estate is well-positioned to really help the sample preparation of these smaller samples and eliminate biosnisis[ph which has been a big issue, which is important for getting into the clinics. So I think we're -- we've got strategic relationships with all of the major NGSs, and we have -- now we have an informatics platform from Geospiza, that's really focused on trying to create medical reports, as opposed to research reports from the data. So I think both on informatics and sample prep, we're well-positioned but we'll continue to make investments as we want to improve accuracy rates.
Kevin Hrusovsky: Yes. I think overall, we're very encouraged by the acquisitions that have been put together. First of all, that integration is ahead of schedule. And I think there's a strong focus now towards applications, using the systematic capabilities that are somewhat unique. And as I think Andy and Rob both mentioned, there's some really nice -- in OneSource, new technology, new informatics that really help customers with utilization rates of their assets and to better optimize those investments. And I think, both in OneSource as well as future application opportunities, and next-gen sequencing, and even biotherapeutics, we're seeing nice integration opportunities with some of the Caliper product lines with the informatics. And so overall, I would say that's going very well, and we see it as a major piece of the future growth profile for PerkinElmer.
Kevin Hrusovsky: I know, I think it is a possibility. We've had some discussions about it, but I would say nothing definitive at this point.
Kevin Hrusovsky: I think that while it has been small, we've had really strong relationships with the distributors and we have been able to rationalize multiple distributors into single distributors, and the growth that those accounts and those distributors are continuing to ramp nicely. So we do feel like while we're waiting to make the final conversions, we're making nice progress with a lower number of distributors.
Kevin Hrusovsky: I think the term sample prep does get used a lot because many of the large NGS providers are actually providing their own sample prep reagents for certain steps. We're upstream with that, and we haven't seen any slowdown at all. It's been strong double-digit growth occurring for next-gen sequencing sample preps for us. And we actually have pretty good visibility to the future here as well, and we're seeing really strong demand for this. So both -- I would say expansion into Asia, as well as just primarily in North American markets, we see really nice sample prep on demand.
Kevin Hrusovsky: Well, interestingly, it's probably as expected. The larger machines initially were acquired by our customers, and then many of them started coming to our shows and realizing that the bottleneck became the sample preparation. And so, mostly they would buy those as secondary investments after they bought their first unit, but now that they've had experience, many of the same steps are needed for benchtop us well. And so, they've now gone into this investments a little bit more knowledgeable about the need for sample prep. And so, we do see, in many cases, we've got relationships with Life, with Alumina, with Packbio and others. But primarily, Life and Alumina, when that initial acquisition is made now on the benchtop version, you'll see sample prep being brought in right away.
Kevin Hrusovsky: Yes, Zarak. You actually have hit upon [indiscernible] -- if you look at it from a product or technology standpoint, you've hit upon the 2 double-digit growth components of the old Caliper that have now been integrated with some product lines and technologies from PerkinElmer, which, I think, increases our menu. So when you look at microfluidics, we have had very strong ramp in next-gen sequencing and biotherapeutics. And when you look at the In Vivo Imaging, we've had very strong ramp in biotherapeutics, where there's a lot of distribution studies, as well as continued focus on oncology, and that expanding now into inflammation and metabolic. So we're seeing nice growth across all regions of the world, and we're seeing nice growth across those market segments, which were very concentrated. Now we're starting to pull along some of the traditional legacy PerkinElmer products into those newer markets, which was one of the strategies that Robin outlined for the acquisition. So I think that the areas where the growth has not been as strong, are probably in areas of small molecule, and there were still some assets in Caliper technology for small molecule, but the good news is that, that's now rapidly moving over to large molecule and even epigenetics. So I think across-the-board, and the 2 categories you mentioned, we still feel we've got strong growth and good visibility for the future. And these shows we've had with customers, most of the talks, if you looked at the 65 talks we had, I would say that 70% of them hit those 2 product lines, the In Vivo Imaging and microfluidics. And I should also mention that we're having 2 major shows in 2 weeks, in China. One in Shanghai, one in Beijing. And then we're going to having 2 more shows out on the West Coast that investors will be invited to those, as well as our customers, over the next 2 months.
