Prahlad Singh: Thank you, Bryan, and good evening, everyone. I'm pleased to report that PerkinElmer had a strong finish to 2019 with reported revenue in the fourth quarter increasing 6% year-over-year and adjusted earnings per share growing 14%, beating both the top and bottom line of our previous guidance. Our revenue in the fourth quarter was $806 million representing organic growth of 5%, and our adjusted earnings per share was $1.35.
Prahlad Singh: Yes. Catherine, this is Prahlad. So, I think our exposure to the DTC market is not much. Most of our relationships there are pharma and on the newborn screening side. The thing that we're just going through is the consolidation piece that we -- as we pointed out earlier, by the end of Q1 that should be resolved. So, we don't -- we, at this point, don't see that as our exposure to DTC is not too much.
Prahlad Singh: Yes. Dan, in fact, as a matter of fact, we have a very heavy funnel and we are actually in the -- currently in the process of shipping and installing several systems. As we said earlier and I have is, our focus right now continues to be that the earlier adopters have a flawless experience. If you just look at what I pointed out earlier, 50 to 55 installations, Dan. We placed 10 systems in 2018, 18 systems in 2019 and the implied range between 22 to 27 in 2020. So, from our perspective, we think installations are an important metric to track early on in the product’s lifecycle. But, in the end, eventually as I've said, our goal is to democratize Vanadis NIPT. So, that's where we are focusing. And also with the NIPT PLA code, that gives us several advantages in the U.S., once that is issued. So, from a priority perspective, we are looking at the number of installations, getting the clinical data out and working on the PLA code.
Prahlad Singh: Yes. I think from a revenue perspective, our guidance will be to continue to monitor the number of installations.
Prahlad Singh: Yes. And maybe I'll take that. So, Derik, we are in the process of developing a PCR and an antibody assay. PCR is generally a frontline assay during an outbreak, and we are making strides. But, we do have to take it through the CFDA, which is now the NMPA approval process. And they are working with us and with the several other entities to get a frontline testing assay out. Again, most of the focus right now is doing it more from a CSR perspective, just to make sure that we have an assay that we can use for testing. What's the commercial impact of that, I would say at this point is unknown.
Prahlad Singh: Vijay, for the first part of your question, yes, we can and are starting to participate in tenders in Europe.
Prahlad Singh: Well, I think, what we are assuming basically is 22 to 27 installations. So, some of it is in Europe, some is in Asia and some is in the U.S. We are not sort of focusing on which particular tender, Vijay, we could win or which we wouldn't win.
Prahlad Singh: Yes. Patrick, I think it'll be difficult to give a volume per day. I think, as Jamey pointed out in his remarks, given the evolving situation right now, all we're doing is highlighting the coronavirus thing. You don't know what the impact of that will be. It all depends on how it plays out over the next few days or weeks. I think, the point that Jamey made to Tycho's earlier question is that EUROIMMUN has done better than what we have forecasted in the deal model, which has been 12% over the past couple of years. And we hope that it continues to do that way. From our forecasting perspective, we have modeled it at 12%.
Prahlad Singh: Yes, Brendan. I think, in terms of the services business, we did some restructuring, as you’ve seen. This was again with the implementation of ServiceMax. We continued to sort of see productivity coming out of there. I think, as we look forward, we are in a good position for 2020, and we expect to win some tenders. And I think, as you said, it will continue to be a high single digit growth business for us.
Prahlad Singh: I think, we started seeing some of the benefits already, as I pointed out the whole cannabis workflow solutions that we have seen. There have been other examples of where we’ve combined our sample prep business from the applied genomics sides with reagents from our life sciences business. So, we've started to seeing proof points of this. And I don't think it's going to be a discreet 2020 item. It will continue to be ongoing. And we expect to see more synergistic opportunities coming out of this.
Prahlad Singh: I think, just getting the code offers us the advantage that as a manufacturer we can negotiate reimbursement rates directly with peers and direct billing on a methodology that would be specific to Vanadis NIPT. And that hopefully offers better reimbursement rate for the laboratories. And also additionally, we can bill insurance without any risk of incorrect coding. So, I think, that's the level I want to share just given the competitive situations and for commercial reasons. But at this point really what I would say is that we're really excited about EMA's acceptance of our PLA code that came in at the end of December. And right now, we are all hands on to ensure that the submissions get in time and we get the code in hand.
Prahlad Singh: Yes. Dan, I think, look, again, we continue to be very excited about the portfolio and the prospects that we have for accelerating profitable growth. We've got a lot of fans in the fire. I think, entering the year, we are trying to be balanced, given there are some uncertainties that we see. And again, example that Jamey talked about just coming in as with the coronavirus. You don't know how that plays out. But, essentially, the growth accelerators that we have are inherently the swing factors that will play a very important role as we look forward.
Prahlad Singh: Yes. Just starting with your first question around Vanadis. I think, from an interest perspective, we are seeing interest in all the three regions. In APAC, ex-China, given that we don't have approval in China yet, we are going through the clinical in Europe, and, of course, with the recent launch that we did in the U.S., we continue to see a broad spread interest on it. In regards to your second question, yes, similar to the CDC, the NMPA and CFDA in China also has accelerated emergency processes that they have in place and we're working with them to get a test out, hopefully in a few weeks.
Prahlad Singh: Thank you all for your questions. As we’ve shared today, we have a number of exciting opportunities on the horizon, as we continue to drive towards our mission and accelerate outcomes for the betterment of people and the environment. I look forward to updating you on our continued progress in 2020. Thank you.
Jamey Mock: Thanks a lot and good evening, everyone. Before I start, I want to point everyone's attention to our fourth quarter earnings call presentation, which has been posted on the Investor section of our website under Financial Information. The goal of this document is to drive additional transparency and simplicity around the Company and our quarterly performance.
Jamey Mock: Yes. Thanks, Catherine. I'll take this one. So, I think, if you back out the extra week, it's more like 4% to 4.5% in the first quarter, which is down versus everything -- every quarter in the year 2019 we reported 5% organic growth. So, it's a similar comp throughout the year. I think, there's two things largely that are affecting us in the first quarter. First is genomic testing. If you remember 2019, we started off very high, particularly in the sequencing part of that business. And so that had a great first half and a little bit softer second half due to the consolidation. We expect that to continue into the first quarter, so that probably half a point of organic growth by itself, what we're planning on in the first quarter here. And the second area is applied genomics. Similarly, when I mentioned on robotics and automated workstations that had a stronger first half, weaker second half, we're expecting that to continue into the first half here. And so, those two things really are the only difference between our 5% organic run rate that we saw throughout the year, including the fourth quarter and walking into the first quarter here.
Jamey Mock: Yes, good question. So, I mean, maybe we just kind of talked through the end markets here, Dan. So, I would say where we have a little bit of incremental caution is around life sciences and immunodiagnostics. So, it’s immunodiagnostics. Obviously, EUROIMMUN leads the way there. They have been mid-teens for quite some time. But, I think we're pretty consistent in saying that we're going to model them at 12% organic growth. So, I think we expect a little bit of downtick there. Life sciences, I don't think we've seen anything, but funding levels have remained very strong. And so, we're hopeful that it continues, but I'd say there's probably more downside than there is the upside. So, I’d say, that's where we're cautionary. Conversely, if you look at food and applied genomics, food is what we talked about in terms of some kind of rebound in the core and we had at least one data point here in the fourth quarter, should provide some upside. Offsetting that, I don't anticipate cannabis being as large and incremental contributor this year. So, those kind of offset a little bit there. And then applied genomics, once we get through the first half, we'll see how it's going, but hopefully that has a little bit of easier competition this year -- comp as well in the second half here. So, overall, to answer your question, probably a little bit cautious in life sciences, immunodiagnostics, maybe a little bit upside in food and applied genomics, the others pretty steady.
Jamey Mock: Yes. It's always difficult to tell, Derik, but I don't think we saw much. In terms of life sciences, actually it was a little soft in the Americas in the fourth quarter. Applied markets hung in there in the fourth quarter. So, maybe there's a little bit off there. But I’d say, it's difficult to tell and overall nothing out of the ordinary here.
Jamey Mock: Yes. I mean, like we've been saying, we see a lot of room for continued expansion and profitability here. And I don't think 22% was ever a stopping point. We see that ultimately over time getting up into the mid-20s. How much can be done in the year 2020? We think, 100 basis points ex the extra week is pretty healthy clip coming off 170 in 2019. To your point, I mean, we guided in 2019 120 to 150 and ended up beating that at 170. So, could there be upside to the 80 basis points that we're guiding? Sure. But, I think we're more focused on long term and putting programs in place to get this to the mid-20s.
Jamey Mock: Yes. So, if you look at Vijay, the -- and we tried to lay this out in our earnings presentation, the exact numbers. So, we feel like the extra week will provide 10 to $15 million of additional revenue, which is not what we experienced, if you just take our total year and divide it by 52 weeks. But, we think that that's the right amount of extra revenue coming into the year. However, if you look at the expenses for an next week, that more than offset that amount of gross margin. So, if you take 10 to $15 million, you get 50% roughly thereabout gross margin, then you add an extra week of operating expenses and an extra week of interest expense, it's actually dilutive to the year. Like I said, we tried to lay that out, both for the quarter and for the year on that last page in the earnings presentation.
Jamey Mock: Let me start with the extra week and then Prahlad is going to jump in on Vanadis here. So, we think most of our customers, and we actually saw this back in 2015, operate on a calendar year, so, January 1st to December 31st. And if you look at where the extra days in this year fall, they fall in the fringes. So, take this quarter, for example. December 31st and 31st for 2019 actually fall in this fiscal year 2020, but we think that the revenue from that is mostly going to be spent in the 2019 and therefore was recorded in our 2019 revenue. So, once you back out a couple of those days, you get down to, let's say 3 more days. And a lot of that is CapEx, some of that is scheduled professional services. So, not just a daily run rate. And so, therefore, you get down to some recurring revenues that are we believe in the 10% to 15% range, which ends up being 1.5% to 2%, which was very -- for the third quarter of 2015, we actually said that it was 2% impact to our organic growth. So, it’s kind of a similar operating assumption here.
Jamey Mock: Yes. I think, overall, we think reproductive health ticks up a little bit. So, we've got Vanadis that should kick in some, genomics testing that gets reported in there that should kick in some. I don't -- we are not anticipating any good news on birthrates. We think we've continued to see significant issues, particularly in China. We expect that to continue. We have a lot of good APAC expansion that I mentioned earlier in my prepared remarks around the Philippines and Japan and Vietnam. So, that has a little pressure. So, net-net, there is probably a little bit of upside to reproductive health year-over-year. But, we're definitely planning on birthrates impacting us, and we'll see where geographic expansion gets us.
Jamey Mock: Yes. I mean, cannabis this year performed extremely well. We're thrilled with the team, the solution that we bring. Pralhad mentioned that it was $26 million in revenue, which was off a $10 million base. That kind of incremental contributor is difficult to predict. And we are not banking on that in this guidance. We expect it to go up still at a double-digit rate, but to go up another $16 million just feels like a significant planning assumption that we're not. It could happen, but that's not what we're banking on right now. So, the market still seems great. We'll see how it states for a while. I think there's couple more that'll come on line in 2020. But, I don't think we're going to bank on that kind of incremental contributor this year.
Jamey Mock: Yes. I mean, -- hey, Tycho. So, in general, there is probably a little bit of mix difference in the gross margin line versus what we kind of exited the last end of the year on as well as on the operating margin line. There's a little bit of comp timing year-over-year, as well as some investments we're making in our growth accelerators in terms of Vanadis and cannabis, et cetera to kind of set up the year. So, overall, we think we'd be up about 40 basis points in the quarter, excluding the extra week. And that continues the uptick throughout the year here.
Jamey Mock: Maybe, Tycho, what we were saying was in 2018, we delivered 10 systems. In 2019, we added 18 systems to get to 28. Next year, we're guiding somewhere in the 22 to 27. So, we’re taking a methodical approach to increase our placements every year and be prudent on how we roll out these systems.
Jamey Mock: No, no. I mean, look, we hope that it's mid-teens. I think, we've been consistent in saying that we're going to budget a year at 12% going forward. That's what we planned in initial deal model. Throughout the first two years of having EUROIMMUN in the PerkinElmer family, it's grown mid-teens both years, maybe it does again. So, we've always been consistent in saying, we'd like to plan this at about 12%, based upon terrific product introductions, geographic expansion, including the U.S. And we just think 12% is a good operating assumption.
Jamey Mock: No, not as much. Actually, Tycho, we're expecting that to persist into the first quarter. So, some of the pressure we saw in the second half of 2019, we're expecting to persist. We keep seeing things push to the right here from a demand perspective, and we're not banking on that that will change in the first half year. Naturally, when you get to the second half, you get a different comp. If it's better than that, we're happy. But right now, our operating assumption is that we're going to continue on with the growth rates we saw in the second half of 2019 into the first half of 2020.
Jamey Mock: Yes, sure. Thanks, Patrick. So, I mean, we've learned a lot about cash flow over the last year here. And we've made some progress, not where we wanted it to go to, but definitely some uptick. The 2020 operating assumption is that working capital turns are basically static, unlike the last couple of years, where we've actually been reducing our working capital turns, and it's been a headwind. So, there's internal processes around things like billing and invoice accuracy and timeliness and collection efforts, et cetera. But really, when you look at receivables, it's in three or four different business models. And we expect some of that to somewhat plateau in 2020. We've seen terms changing, particularly in China and some of the emerging markets that are much more developed now. Informatics, we've started to sell subscriptions on a three-year basis, a couple years ago. So, we should expect some more cash from that. Cannabis, we've been leaning into a little bit here. So, the fundamental -- embedded in this 75% to 80% is basically static from an efficiency standpoint, which will be great. Hopefully, there's upside. And certainly over the next couple years, we'll drive that. The second thing I'd say is around capital expenditures. So, capital expenditures downtick I think about 20% this year. We didn't repeat some of the investments in genomics, and we've been kind of monitoring EUROIMMUN. I would say over the next couple of years, there are two remaining areas that require capital expansion. That's EUROIMMUN in China; we're building out a facility there. And then, our Tulip business in India is growing extremely well. And we’ve got to increase some of the facilities space there. But after that, I don't think we see a lot of capital expansion. So, we've kind of reduced it a little bit here. It'll be static for a little while. And then, hopefully, that downticks over time.
Jamey Mock: Yes. Good question. So, basically, we're pretty much mid-single-digit across the board. If you look at Americas and APAC, that's been mid-single-digits all 2019. Europe was low-single-digits. We expect the Vanadis kind of revenue to clip that over into maybe the mid-single-digits reign, I call it a weaker mid-single-digits. So, pretty consistent across the board and pretty consistent with what we saw in 2019.
Jamey Mock: We expect no change. Industrial environmental has been remarkably consistent for us, pretty flat throughout the entire year. And I think that's our operating assumption going into 2020.
Jamey Mock: Yes. So, 2019 genomics testing did extremely well. Obviously, it was much stronger in the first half than the second half; it was probably a little under $20 million in total. In terms of 2020, I think we'd rather not give the specific guidance here, but you can expect that it's going to grow substantially. And, in terms of the cadence through the year, I mentioned in my earlier remarks that the first quarter will continue to be challenged, because the consolidation is not supposed to happen till the -- well, it’s happening right now, and the real road block there is hiring. We feel good about it, but sometimes it can take two or three months to onboard people in that space. And so, we feel like the second quarter is when we'll start to ramp back up again. And so overall, we expect another healthy incremental growth driver from genomics testing in 2020.
Jamey Mock: No, not really, no. Cisbio and Meizheng both continued to do well. I think, we said Meizheng has been growing into the 20% plus range and it continues to perform well. We got I think 11 out of 13 weeks or something in the quarter from them. And Cisbio has been double digit all year.
Jamey Mock: No. Yes. It’s good question, Brandon. It had gotten down to about 14% in 2018. We guided 16% for the year, and came in at 15%. So, there is a little natural uptick in tax. I think, if you look at where we are growing, you look at EUROIMMUN, you at Informatics, Enterprise, a lot of those areas are higher tax jurisdictions. So, therefore, we do anticipate that to go up a little. And then, the offset to that which is difficult to forecast are some of the discrete items. We always have tax planning items, we had a lot in 2019, which basically brought us from the 16% down to 15%. But there is a little natural upward pressure there that makes us think that 16% is the right number. 
Jamey Mock: Yes, Paul. Overall, R&D if you look at it in 2019, we actually saw a little bit of efficiency, and that was related to some of the organizational restructuring. We want that to be ticking up a little bit over time. And so, what's embedded in this guidance is kind of a constant R&D as a percent of sales, if anything, maybe a little bit of uptick. You mentioned cannabis and food, that's one of the areas that we're increasing some of our budgets. And I think in general, we're putting a little bit more resources between, behind life sciences, diagnostics and food. And I think you can expect that R&D as a percent of revenue will be at least flat, if not up a little bit this year.
Jamey Mock: Yes. I think we're optimistic that that upticks here. And maybe it's a point or point a half. If you look at food, I mentioned it earlier. I mean, we expect some kind of rebound in core food. Fourth quarter was a good data point. If nothing else, there's some good comp here. Obviously, it's difficult to predict weather and climate change. And if that impacts us, then that'll be different than what we're planning on. But core food should rebound. I mentioned that cannabis will have a slight offset to that though that we're not expecting as much incremental contributors. But net-net, I think food ticks up a little bit. Life sciences, I think ticked up a little bit. We talked about, Prahlad talked about some of our enterprise business going well and some extra tenders and an extra week here. I think, Cisbio and Informatics continues to be extremely strong, both were double digits this year. We're planning them more in the high single digit range. So, haven't seen anything. But that’s just something we're going to plan them at double digit. So, net-net, that probably upticks a little bit. And then, industrial and environmental, we are planning flat. So, no change from 2019. So, if we make a little bit of improvement in life sciences and food, we probably uptick a little bit in DAS year-over-year.
Jamey Mock: Yes. Overall, it's 1.5% to 2%. So, the rule of thumb of 0.5% times 5, we’re only really, I guess a half 0.5% to a 1% off here. So, I don't think it's too different than what we saw in 3Q '15 nor the rule of thumb overall. I did say that -- yes, I mean, if you look at December 30th and 31st, I think most customers operate on a calendar budget and that our sales force probably much like every other year, looks at the CapEx spending and says let's execute those before December 29th. And I don't think that's any different than what we've done in most years. So, I think it's pretty much noise around the fringes here.
