Prahlad Singh: Thank you Bryan and good afternoon everyone. I would like to begin by welcoming Steve Willoughby as our new Vice President of Investor Relations. We are excited to have him join the team. He brings a wealth of industrial knowledge, deep research and analyst experience. And as many of you know, Steve's industry surveys always seem to have a real-time finger on the pulse of market trends. We are looking forward to his insights and expertise as we continue to grow and transform PerkinElmer into a veteran class life sciences and diagnostics organization.
Prahlad Singh: I think, you know, Dan, we are seeing strong comeback from all the markets and across the board. I don't think it's as much pent-up demand as the markets just coming back and it's coming back strong. And we have seen this across all regions. So I wouldn't categorize this as pent-up demand.
Prahlad Singh: I would say that again, Dan, just to remind, right, if you look back at our track record, most of the deals that we have done have been opportunities where we spent a lot of time. They tend to be more strategic and more partnerships resulting into acquisitions. So we are not clearly in the auction space. So it hasn't impacted that much either on the upside. But I think, I would say generically, if you look at it, the market is still ready hot and companies still that have a COVID tailwind are demanding a premium.
Prahlad Singh: So Vijay, thank you for the question. one, none of the antigen upside has been baked into our revenue. We feel really good about our COVID numbers. And as Jamey has pointed out earlier, our basis is based on the fact that we have a number of EUAs asymptomatic pooling was the one that I talked about in the script. And as opportunities open up around schools and testing with pooling, that is an avenue that's there. The pigeon testing is an avenue that's open there. So actually from where we sit today, we feel really good about the number. And that's why we have stood by it.
Prahlad Singh: Yes. I can say that it's factored into the outlook for the second quarter. We don't know how the situation and hopefully it improves in the second half, Michael. And I think you know, so far given that most of what we do is in the arena of infectious diseases and COVID and all of that. So we haven't seen much impact because healthcare has been exempted from the lockdown. So it doesn't impacted so far.
Prahlad Singh: Yes. So U.K. is now it's just the Wales lab. IT5 is still in there. That has been extended through first quarter 2022. It's a nominal impact per quarter. So we have got that in there. California, we have got obviously extending or going all the way through October. And we are probably taking down the run rate on that a little bit starting in the third quarter. But in general, we still have a fair amount of revenue related to the COVID labs. Overall, though, Tycho, in general, we raised COVID guided by $50 million which was the beat that we had in the first quarter.
Prahlad Singh: Yes. I mentioned, food safety has been strong, particularly in Meizheng, Tycho. So I think there's three factors in play over there. One is, we are seeing a lot of uptick in downstream or retail from large multinationals over there that are operating in China. The second is there some regulations around antibiotics residue and pesticide residue that we have won some tenders on. And the third is, the business is starting to export outside of China. So in general, Meizheng, I think it was up 70% is what I said in the prepared remarks and that continues to lead the way in food safety.
Prahlad Singh: So Matt, good question. The intent from us is that it is not a limiting factor, right. We have capital ready to deploy and we continue to actively look for opportunities. But more importantly what we have done and as I mentioned both at the earlier conference in January and subsequently, we have established what we are calling the integration transformation office and put a very good function in place that has allowed for seamless integration of the acquisitions that we have brought in and we hope to bring in, in the rest of the year. So I think you will continue to see us be active in the M&A space.
Prahlad Singh: I am not sure I would point to anything, Matt. I think all three end markets looks strong, both from the instruments and consumables perspective. I am not sure anyone of them uptick more significantly than the other.
Prahlad Singh: Yes. I think as Jamey pointed out, China's come back stronger and we expect it to be strong throughout the year. Specifically just to point out, EUROIMMUN in China, where if your call, for autoimmune and allergy, it was depressed last year. That has come back strong. Applied genomics too is there. And on the DAS side, life sciences across the board, we have seen very good utilization and tailwind and we expect it to get going for the year.
Prahlad Singh: We have talked about durability of COVID going forward, just based on the installed base of what we had placed around chemagic and JANUS last year. And we continue to see that trend in the first quarter. It hasn't slowed down. So we expect that to continue to further strengthen the assumptions that we have around COVID durability. Around the assumption for COVID for the year, we have got a very good line of sight for the second quarter and we have been pretty prudent in our planning for the rest of the year. So we feel very good about the number and that's why the raise that you have seen. Plus we have, as Jamey, talked about earlier, we have upside opportunities whether it's from asymptomatic, from serology, from antigen testing. That continues to bolster our assumption and forecasted around COVID.
Prahlad Singh: The only thing I would add is, largely China has been much stronger than we thought would come back here, Dan.
Prahlad Singh: In fact, the number one thing is, it's obviously a strong rebound from what he had seen in 2020 and we expect the testing levels to continue to exceed than 2019. They have seen double digit growth in Q1. The T-cell piece that the team has launched there, that is seeing good traction, early on around vaccination deployment to measure immunity. And in the automation is opening up some doors with early wins. So those are the three factors I would point out in terms of seeing good traction for Oxford. And the deal integration is going very well. The teams have jived very well. There are lots of doors that they are opening for each other in regions around the world.
Prahlad Singh: Thank you Justin and thank you all for your questions. While 2021 has already been a unique year in and of itself, I am confident we have the right team and the right strategy to embrace the future and all of its possibilities. Thank you for your interest in PerkinElmer and have a good evening.
Jamey Mock: Yes. Thanks Vijay. So your math is correct, to answer your first question. And it is assuming high single digits in the second half. I don't think there's anything to read into here. As Prahlad mentioned and I mentioned in my prepared remarks that orders are strong, they continue to be strong. The high single digits versus a little bit of an easier comparison in the second half, not much to read into there. It's just a little further out. So we are probably a little bit more conservative in the second half. But overall, still feel very confident in the 11%-plus here.
Jamey Mock: No. I think that's there. Hi Chris. How are you doing? I think as we just come into the quarter here, like I said, I think we feel confident in the high teens guide here. It is a little lower on a stack comparison. Again, nothing to read into that. I would say that we are confident in the guidance we are giving and continue to see a good outlook here.
Jamey Mock: Yes. I think it's probably both, Chris. As you mentioned, we have been, really over the last two or three years, put a lot of incentives, a lot of processes into place to fundamentally change our free cash flow. That said, the first quarter is normally one of the weakest. So there's a lot going on in this particular quarter. I would say, we have had a lot of prior year accruals in this quarter. But the benefit that we are getting is, you can see in the receivables line,, we got about $170 million free cash flow benefit there, even when sales were, from a sequential standpoint, relatively flat. So we did collect on a lot of the past dues that were in the fourth quarter and our DSO has improved substantially. But in terms of going forward, I mean we remain very confident in the processes we put in place and the fact that will be above 85% moving forward, perhaps this year is going to be a little bit better. But there's a little bit from a couple of customers that we collected on. But overall, I think we have got fundamental improvements in place here.
Jamey Mock: Yes. The only other thing, Mike, I mean in terms of exposure, in total India is a little bit more than $100 million. So it's not a substantial exposure for any particular quarter. EUROIMMUN, you mentioned does not really sell a lot in India. Tulip does obviously. But it's not an enormous exposure here.
Jamey Mock: Yes. I mean, obviously as COVID ramps down, it will impact our margins, our margin profile here in the second half of the year. We have always been transparent about that and we remain steadfastly committed to the 23%-plus that we laid out in 2023. So I think the best way to look at it is, if you look at the end of this year, go back to a more normal comparison, looks to be a little bit of COVID in there. There's going to be some amount of durable revenue here. But go back to the fourth quarter of 2019 and add some growth rate to that from a profit perspective and we will steadily march towards 23%-plus and we have got all the productivity programs in place to do it.
Jamey Mock: Yes. I mean, I don't think there's much to read into in academic government. As you know, Tycho, our exposure to it is small. So whether it's customer classification or what have you, I am not sure we have it perfectly classified between pharma biotech and academic government. So overall, I would say life science has performed better than what we expected. So if you factor in the extra week, I mention that discovery was up low double digits, informatics was up high single digits. The extra week really affected our enterprise business. So we were quite pleased with the performance and we are pretty bullish on the outlook in life sciences here.
Jamey Mock: And to the second part of your question, there is no asymptomatic pooling that we have assumed are in the guidance.
Jamey Mock: No. I think the second part, I mean in general raising overall 11% from the prior guide of 5% to 7% has all quarters kind of rising tides here. So not just the first quarter beat. The first quarter we guided low single digits, came in at 10%. So that obviously contributes to some of it but not all of it. So we are anticipating improved performance 2Q through 4Q. In terms of the end markets, I mean like Prahlad mentioned, it is across the board. There is not an end market that didn't perform better than our expectations. So maybe I will just give a little bit more color on that. When we originally guided, we thought DAS was going to be flattish to nominal growth. And we thought DX would kind of be in the mid single digits which kind of got us to our low singles. On DAS hitting 6% versus flattish, life sciences, as I mentioned just to Tycho's question, was significantly better than we kind of anticipated there. And both food, but particularly food safety, which I talked about as well as applied MPIs, our Triple Quad, has done extremely well. Our new IR has done extremely well. So all of this contributed to the beat in DAS. If you move to diagnostics, I would say largely immunodiagnostics and applied genomics drove the beat here. So I mentioned in the prepared remarks that EUROIMMUN did great, particularly in China. So I would say, in China, we are now above 2019 levels. Tulip did extremely well in the quarter as well. Applied genomics continued, I would say, the brand increase with JANUS, as attributed to COVID has now started to filter off into non-COVID revenue as well. And then reproductive health was still a little bit better, largely in genomics testing, I would say. So again across all end markets, we saw significant improvement versus our original expectation and it should last throughout the year.
Jamey Mock: Yes. So there's no revenue in the first quarter, Josh. But I would say that the commercial activity, we are cautiously optimistic that it is upticking again. So we have been involved in more discussions, more potential orders here. So hopefully starting in 2Q or certainly by the second half of the year, we will land some of the orders and revenue. But in the first quarter, it was nothing and then right now it's immaterial in our overall guidance.
Jamey Mock: Yes. Hi Tom. In general, I would say, if you remember from last year, Europe and Americas led the way. APAC was relatively nominal in terms of overall COVID and that continues to be true. I would say, the falloff in the U. K. moving forward versus the fourth quarter and the first quarter would obviously have an impact on EMEA and the increase in the California labs. So therefore, if you kind of move forward here, those would be the two large ships. If you look at it a recurring revenue basis outside of the two significant labs, I don't think there's any large shift. I think, in general, all of our customers are downticking a little bit but continue to place a pretty consistent level of orders with us. But overall that shift has left U.K. and more California will impact the overall geographic revenue related to COVID.
Jamey Mock: Yes. So Patrick, on the industrial side, I will start there. I mean a lot of this was due to the bounce back in China. It's a lot stronger than we anticipated. I would say, if you look across the sub segments of industrial, semiconductor across the globe continues to be the strongest. I would say, Americas is decent from a decent growth rate perspective. EMEA had a little bit of a difficult comp. The first quarter of 2020 has been strong. But I mean, the outlook in general should steady uptick but China really bounce back more than anybody else. I would say, in environmental, we see it largely an APAC and EMEA. China, again for APAC. But EMEA has continued to be extremely robust. And Americas still nominally positive here.
