Robert F. Friel: Thanks, Tommy. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that PerkinElmer achieved a very good performance in the third quarter. Despite a tough prior period comparison, we were able to deliver organic revenue growth of 2%, which was at the high end of our guidance. Also during the quarter, we expanded adjusted operating margins by 30 basis points and grew adjusted earnings per share by 9% to $0.49, $0.01 better than the top end of our guidance. With regard to our end-market conditions, we did not experience a significant change from trends we saw in Q2. In the pharma biotech research market, we continued to experience high single-digit growth, aided by our informatics and service offerings. In clinical screening and infectious disease, the markets grew mid-single digits, as birthrates in the U.S. continue to grow low single digits and demand remains strong in China. Both the Environmental and Safety and Industrial markets grew low-single digits during the third quarter, while our academic market was down mid-single digits as budget pressures continued to dampen demand. Geographically, we saw sequential improvement in the Americas, particularly in the Environmental and Research markets. However, in Southeast Asia, growth is slowing as a result of delayed capital investments into mostly the industrial end markets, as many countries such as India, are facing currency devaluation. Despite this uneven macroeconomic environment, we made good progress in areas we can control, including delivering margin expansion and productivity gains during the quarter. We successfully completed several manufacturing moves into Singapore and China, consolidated some of the legacy Caliper sites into a newly-opened center for innovation and ramped up the functionality of our customer relationship center in Kraków, Poland. As you recall, we took these actions to further simplify and rationalize our global manufacturing footprint, improve our R&D efficiencies and reduce our back-office expenses. In addition, we made good progress on our growth investments across our key end markets during the quarter. We significantly expanded our relationship with TIBCO for the Spotfire software product, a year after launching our successful collaboration, which brought the power of the Spotfire analytics platform to the global research community, our offering now positions PerkinElmer as the exclusive channel for Spotfire in clinical development and translational medicine. PerkinElmer is now a single provider of informatics and data visualization tools to all functions of life science companies, from early-stage discovery through development, sales, marketing and manufacturing. In Diagnostics, we made good headway in expanding our offerings into niche areas and new markets. For example, we saw tangible demand and a very strong tender win rate for nucleic acid test screens from our Haoyuan acquisition in China. As a reminder, the Chinese government has announced that it will mandate these screens for blood testing starting in 2015. In the food market, later this week at the International Dairy Show in Chicago, we will launch the DairyGuard Milk Powder Analyzer, the first in our new food guard platform series that leverages our frontier FTIR and proprietary algorithms specifically developed for food suppliers and manufacturers. The DairyGuard will be the only system available that tests for unknown adulterants in milk powder to help customers avoid product safety issues and protect their brand image. These investments in growth, combined with others we have discussed previously, plus the excellent momentum we are experiencing with many of our key customers, reinforces our confidence that we can return to mid-single digit organic growth in 2014. Turning to our outlook for the remainder of the year, we are forecasting that Q4 organic revenue growth will be similar to what we experienced in the third quarter. While revenue growth comparisons to last year become easier this quarter, we believe it is prudent to guide conservatively, given the current conditions in several of our markets and the potential for some impact from the U.S. government shutdown that may result in revenue shifting out of the quarter. Despite guiding to lower-single-digit organic growth, we believe we can still deliver significant adjusted operating margin improvement in the quarter of greater than 50 basis points, given the positive impact of the productivity actions I previously discussed. With regard to adjusted EPS guidance for the year, we are increasing the bottom end of our previous range by $0.01 to reflect the third quarter b and reducing the top end of the range by $0.03 due to the revenue risks I've noted. This results in our full year adjusted EPS guidance changing to $2.04 to $2.07, from our previous guidance of $2.03 to $2.10. I would now like to turn the call over to Andy to share more details on our results.
Robert F. Friel: So yes, as you point out, In Vivo grew probably mid single digits in the quarter. And going back to the first quarter of this year, where we -- there were some delays in the ordering pattern there, we think we're catching up in Q2 and Q3. We saw a very strong growth in the U.S. and I think that was -- we're starting to see some of the funds that have been tied up in sequestration being released. So like I said, we saw very strong growth in the U.S. And I think that's what's driving some of the growth in this quarter. But fundamentally, I think this is a good product and I think it's an attractive market. And I think we continue to believe that this is a product that probably grows high single digits once we get through some of the issues with the sequestration.
Robert F. Friel: So we continue to be very excited about the iQT offering as well as the longer-term opportunities, we see to leverage the platform. It continues to garner a lot of interest and we remain encouraged by the current interest levels from both customers and KOLs. We purposely have a little bit of a minor delay due to -- attributable to some supplier issues and have used that time to build out our application support for several key market segments that have been identified based on customer feedback. The delay will have a minimal impact on our Q4 revenue. But again, because of some supplier issues, it's been pushed back a short period of time.
Robert F. Friel: So specifically in the Q3, it was really a year-over-year comp issue. I think we talked about this before based on some ordering patterns. Our customers ordered a lot of panels in 2012. As we think about Q4 now, we think this business returns to probably mid single digit growth. And as we go out into '14, we think that level may be even a little better than that. So it returns to a more normal growth rate, where we think it's sort of a mid to high single digit growth business. But again, Q3 was driven more by ordering patterns in 2012 that caused the decline, or drove a lot of the decline in Q3.
Robert F. Friel: Yes, I would say, relative to our original forecast at Q4, about half of that is attributable to -- and again, this is -- we're trying to estimate this based on the backlog that's at the government export license right now. But we think that could be sort of half of the issue. And we think the other half is potentially just some slowing in the selective emerging markets, as Andy talked to. It's really just a couple of the areas in Southeast Asia, where we believe that we've seen a fairly dramatic devaluation of their currency and at least we're seeing some impact there in the industrial end markets. So again, probably $5 million there and probably $5 million potential risk associated with the government licenses. And again, you hadn't heard about it before because it's never been an issue. I mean, this is something that generally works well. But I think because of the shutdown of the government, we're stacking up against a relatively tight timeframe to get this stuff out.
Robert F. Friel: So Paul, actually, when you look at it from a technology perspective, the 4% growth in the third quarter, it was fairly broad-based. So whether it was chromatography, Metcar or inorganic, we saw similar levels of growth, call it sort of low to mid single digit growth across the entire product portfolio. So we were pleased to see that. Andy mentioned the fact that OneSource continued to do well. If you look at it geographically, what you see is good growth in the Americas, again sort of mid single digits, a slight decline in Europe, sort of low single digits, and continued strong penetration in China. So in the Environmental area, China again was sort of north of 20%.
Robert F. Friel: Right. So our initial plan was to consolidate 3 facilities, one of them in Canada, 2 of those in the West Coast into Hopkinton. And then in Q2, particularly post Q1 when we saw a revenue growth lower than we anticipated, we made the decision to put 2 additional facilities in the Hopkinton. And again, Andy alluded to the little bit of pressure on the gross margin in this quarter, getting that completed. Those are now done. Last week, we actually kicked off the opening of the Hopkinton Center. And as Andy said, it's a workplace facility and we're quite excited about it. So our expectation is we'll start to see benefits in Q4. It is to some extent why you're seeing, or at least we're forecasting, greater than 50 basis points of operating margin expansion despite guiding to low single digit growth. So some of those productivity savings that we've been talking about over the last couple quarters, we expect to start seeing in Q4 and obviously as we get into 2014.
Robert F. Friel: So we didn't talk about Japan specifically, but Japan in the quarter grew across the company low single digits. I think it was around 3%. And I think we're starting to see some benefit from the stimulus, but it's not a significant driver to the growth at this point. We hope, as we get -- sort of probably into '14 is where we'll hope to see more of an impact for that. And I would say, our expectation continues to be in sort of low to mid single digits, maybe increasing a little bit as we get into '14, as we get -- as I said, some of the benefits of participating in the additional funding being provided by the government. So I think since Q1, we've continued to see sequential improvement in Japan and I think that will continue for the next couple of quarters.
Robert F. Friel: So I would say, first of all, whenever one of our customers or sort of a group of companies announces a restructuring, it can be difficult for a number of constituents. However, as you sort of point out, if you think about the logic and the rationale for these types of announcements, it's all around becoming more efficient in how they run their R&D facilities. And that really sort of plays into the strategy of not only OneSource, but real -- our emphasis in informatics. And as you point out, while specific to certain customers, there may be some minor impacts. But quite frankly, that's offset by other outsourcing opportunities around relocation, scientific services and asset management, sort of more than offsets that. But when we think about the opportunity to penetrate more pharmaceutical companies with our OneSource and informatics offerings, we think this provides a tremendous opportunity. And we talked about the fact that OneSource had a nice growth in Q3. And so the dialogue now around driving productivity in the pharma and biotech markets, being somewhat necessitated by the restructuring actions, is really driving great demand, again, not only for OneSource but as our informatics capabilities are being deployed into OneSource to enable customers to better understand the capital purchases they need to make and the utilization of their assets within their labs, I think it's just going to create a great opportunity to further penetrate what we think is probably a $1.5 billion to $2 billion market opportunity, where we're just scratching the surface right now.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. So first of all, to clarify, we continue to see good growth. And emerging markets, generally speaking, specifically and China did well and Brazil did well. I think our comments were really talking about a subset of those countries, particularly where there's been -- at least our belief, has been influenced by currency devaluations. So I think a good example is India, where the rupee is down double digits over the last couple quarters. And of course as a local company buying product that's dollar based, that's dramatically increasing the price of those products. And so we're seeing, in Southeast Asia and in India, specifically, slowing demand where historically that's been sort of a solid mid-teens grower, and that's moderating into sort of mid to high single digits. And so that's where we're just sort of teeing up as a little concerning. It's -- 1 point doesn't make a trend. But as we go into Q4, we're concerned that we're not going to see a moderation of the currency pressure and therefore, that's going to continue to put pressure on capital purchases, and like I said, particularly in the industrial markets where there's maybe some more flexibility in deferring them, those purchases for maybe 1 or 2 quarters. We don't think this is necessarily a longer-term trend, but it's just something that we have identified. But again, to reinforce, in places like China and Brazil, we continue to see very good strength.
Robert F. Friel: So I would say, when we talk about mid single digit growth for '14, the assumption is that the fundamental end markets are not going to change significantly. And so what's going to make the difference to a large sense is either comps in our business and, particularly, where we talk about Medical Imaging. So when I was discussing with Ross earlier, if you look at 2012, we had a very strong growth in Medical Imaging, clearly greater than the market. And in hindsight, it was really probably some ordering patterns that our customer, maybe sort of built some inventory. And we had to sort of burn that off in '13. So Medical Imaging will probably not grow in '13. And going into '14, we think we'll have that inventory burned off, and you'll see sort of normal market growth of sort of mid to high single digits. So that's an indication where it's more unique to our business rather than market. And then I think the other areas are largely driven by new product introductions or fundamental changes in the businesses that we think can -- should allow us to get to more of a mid single digit organic growth.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. So when we look -- and I would say this is true not only of Europe but we didn't see a significant change in ordering patterns really through the quarter relative to, let's say, period periods -- previous periods. So consequently, our view is that Europe in Q4 looks probably fairly similar to Q3. And for us, it was sort of slightly down, down low single digits. So that's our assumption. In fact, when we look at Q4 generally from a geographic perspective, our assumption is, it really looks very similar to Q3. So Europe down slightly, America is in the sort of low- to mid-single digits and Asia probably more mid single digits.
Robert F. Friel: No. I would say right now, if there was a better GDP growth in 2014, I think that probably would be more -- I would think of that more of upside, than I would as sort of offsetting concerns in other parts of the business.
Robert F. Friel: As I would say, when you think about the growth we've seen, it's really a little bit of both. So it's continuing to do more with our existing customers, but we've had a couple of nice wins here in the first couple of quarters of the year. And that puts a little pressure on gross margins as well. Andy didn't talk about that. But when we win a OneSource contract, there's obviously some investments upfront to do that and obviously that improves the profitability going forward. But I think, we have had some nice wins. I would say not as much as penetration outside of pharma up to this point and I think that provides another opportunity, but we continue to see opportunity there. But I would say, we're not getting as much traction there. With regard to the informatics business and the deployment into OneSource, we've got a number of sites where we're doing that but that's still probably a relatively small percentage of revenue. But we think it's a nice opportunity for us and it provides a significant differentiation. And I think when you talk to the customers as to why they chose or choose PerkinElmer in a lot of these competitive situations, I think the capability to bundle informatics and our historical OneSource capability is a big factor.
Robert F. Friel: I think as we look at our screening business, whether it's newborn or prenatal, we continue to see that as a good growth opportunity and it's both sort of penetrating new markets but continuing to build out the menu. And I would say the menu expansion as well as the penetration of additional, whether it's countries or reaching more children, it's all contributed to our view that this is an area of the business that I think can over a long period of time grow mid- to high-single digits. And so in any given period, it may be driven by penetration into countries or markets or it may be driven by menu expansion.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. So it grew mid-single digits in the third quarter. So again, this has been a little bit less than what we've seen historically. And I think sequestration continues to have an impact on dampening some of demand there. But I think we continue to feel very good about that business. And I think, as we go into '14, we think that will be a big contributor getting to that mid single digit organic growth we talked about.
Robert F. Friel: Yes, so as you pointed out, we were -- we feel good about that. There were 7 tenders in the last quarter and we won 5 of those. So we feel good about our win rate. I would say the revenue ramp-up has not been as significant as we would like because some of the locations in China are sort of late in funding it. As you may know, the Chinese government mandates nucleic acid testing for blood screening by beginning of 2015. So there's still some time to ramp up. But we feel good about our win rate and we think this provides a significant market growth opportunity for us. But I would say, the revenue is still sort of the single million dollar range. It will start to ramp in '14, but I think you'll see the real growth occur in the 2015 timeframe.
Robert F. Friel: So we have a good food business today. It continues to do well. And think of this as a new product offering. I think in a lot of these end markets it's all around getting innovation into the marketplace that allows our customers to be able to find things that they couldn't see before, again, sensitivity, speed, accuracy and those types of things. So we're excited about the opportunity. As I mentioned, this is utilizing our FTIR capability combined with some significant capabilities that we have around algorithms. So we think it's an exciting market for us. We do think this is a unique offering in the marketplace from the perspective of there's not an analyzer today out in the marketplace that can look at powdered milk for pollutants or adulterants. And so it's early days. Like I said, it's going to be introduced at a dairy show here on Friday. But we feel good about it. We have a channel into food already. And so this will be largely through our direct channel into the food industry.
Robert F. Friel: So I would say we've heard the same chatter that you have. But I would -- we don't have any more definitive information as to when that might be relaxed. But like you said, there's a lot of discussion around that. And obviously, that would be a positive for the business. And we think probably over time, it will probably to take a couple of years to ramp up, but it could lead to a $20 million to $25 million increase in revenue for us over multiple years.
Robert F. Friel: I would say probably more of the latter. And where you see it more aggressively is in government tenders.
Robert F. Friel: So first of all, I think the noise in that area hopefully validates that it's attractive, so we feel good about that. So as I think about our approach, it's really targeted at really a higher level of integration of information. So we're quite excited about the Spotfire clinical deal. And when we combine that with our previous capabilities, think of our approach as really building a platform through the interface of research in clinical, so really more focus on translational opportunities. And of course, that leverages our knowledge, not only in the research area, but our experience in diagnostics. So we're sort of more of a platform play across research and clinical versus a specialized play on a particular technology. So maybe that helps you sort of differentiate that. And Andy alluded to this in his comments, we continue to see nice growth in informatics. We continue to get good traction with particularly the large pharma. In particular, we had a user group meeting here a couple of weeks ago where we had, what we call, the Executive Customer Advisory Board. It's attended by the top 15 global pharmaceutical companies. And they continue to sort of embrace our strategy of this sort of translation opportunity in medicine. So we continue to be quite excited about it. And we think it can grow double digits for the foreseeable future from a top line perspective. And obviously, this is a business that has very nice operating margins associated with it.
Robert F. Friel: Well, the U.S. we get helped by the growth -- in birth. For us it looks like it's about a 2% number, sort of low single digits. We saw some nice growth in South America. And I think Andy mentioned the fact that in China, we continue to see good adoption there, so very strong growth in APAC. We did not see as much growth in the EMEA region. And I think some of that was just some delay in spending. We did get some pushout -- we had mentioned a number of years ago that we had put some big installations into the Middle East. And some of the disruption there I think has delayed some investment. So from a geographic perspective, Europe sort of down slightly, Americas, call it mid single digits, South America and APAC very strong growth, sort of north of 20%.
Robert F. Friel: Yes, I think it's similar to what we've talked about in the past, where we think there's real value opportunity in the sequencing workflow to be in the front end, in the automation and sample prep. And we'll continue to innovate there. It's an area we continue to make significant investments. We hope to come out with some products hopefully in '14 that will continue to advance innovation in that area. And also in the back end, in the informatics area and leveraging what we're doing with Geospiza and now using some of the capabilities with Spotfire. So I think our strategy will continue to be in those focused areas. And as you're pointing that out, that's -- we think that's a nice growth area and I think we're well-positioned in those 2 spaces.
Robert F. Friel: No, I think it's stable, as I sort of alluded to, with the exception of Medical Imaging, which is really sort of a year-over-year comp issue, and so we're looking to see some improvement there. But I think order trends, and I talked about even toward the latter part of Q3, I think are fairly stable here. So we've got some concerns as we voiced in this sort of $10 million. But other than that, we feel pretty good about the demand profile in the market.
Robert F. Friel: So I think you've characterized it well from the standpoint of, we feel good about the portfolio but always looking for opportunities to improve it, and so, I think right now, our approach is continually look at bolt-ons and look in those areas where we can continue to be differentiated in our offerings. So I think one of the reasons, I mentioned before that we've been successful in OneSource is when we combine it with deploying the informatics capability, that starts to really differentiate us in the marketplace. And so that's the area that we want to focus on. So obviously, the Imaging area is an area that we like both from a growth perspective and our internal capabilities. You know our emerging diagnostic capabilities are ones that we think we can continue to build and work off the terrific channel we have there. And so again it's going to be probably focused in those areas where we both have good market positions today but also see nice growth prospects and continue to differentiate us from other competitors.
Robert F. Friel: But India specifically is around 2% to 3%. And if you look at Southeast Asia as a whole, it probably adds another 6%-ish. So southeast Asia and India will be something sort of south of 10%.
Robert F. Friel: Yes, I mean that's the major driver to coming off the top end, because I think we felt that in order to get to top end of our guidance previously, we would have had to have been closer to the top end of the revenue guidance. And I think because of some of the things we talked about before, we think it's right now prudent to sort of guide down and, consequently, if we're not going to get to the top end of the revenue, it's unrealistic to think we get to the top end of the EPS.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. So that's a partnership we have with the China State Environmental Protection Administration. And it's really a partnership with them to help set the air quality standards as well as test for heavy medical particles in the air. To me it sort of speaks to the terrific relationships and capabilities we have broadly in emerging markets but specifically in China. And I would say, for the next couple of quarters, I wouldn't think of it is a huge revenue driver. But I think, again, it's the relationships we build with the government agencies. And as we come out with more innovation and new products, I think it opens up the opportunity to grow fairly significantly. And as you know, China is dedicating a significant amount of resources to improve their air quality. So we're quite excited about it. But I would say for the next couple of quarters, that's not going to be a significant revenue contributor.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. So when Andy talked about the 3 factors, clearly the informatics investment was in our plan. Post the Q2 announcement to move those other 2 facilities in, we suspected there will be a little bit of additional cost through our cost of sales line. But I think the mix and to some extent the pricing pressure was a little bit more than we thought.
Robert F. Friel: So I mentioned little bit before that we continue to see good receptivity in the marketplace as we talk to potential customers and KOLs, but because of a specific supplier issue around one of the components the actual shipment of the product will not occur until the first quarter of 2014. Again, minimal impact in Q4. And we really don't think it's going to have a significant impact in 2014 as well. Again but based on early indications, we feel good about that. And we continue to make nice progress on our contracting with regard to NIPT. I think now we're up over 160 million covered lives. And again we feel good about the growth opportunities but that will also be more of a 2014 growth driver. Some revenue this year, but relatively small.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. But I would say by moving the manufacturing out, it does put some downward pressure on the tax rate.
Robert F. Friel: So it depends a little bit on what part of the software business. So I would say, the electronic notebook business, I would say, yes. The Spotfire is a little lower because -- think of that as sort of a licensing agreement, so still very good margins. But because we're paying some licensing to TIBCO for that, there's lower margins associated with the Spotfire business as compared to the electronic notebook business.
Robert F. Friel: Great. Well, first of all, thank you for your questions. So in summary, I'm pleased with how the company is executing on balancing growth investments while being responsive to global economic conditions. Again, just to reinforce, I remain confident we have created a really great foundation to deliver long-term value to our shareholders while helping customers solve critical challenges in both Human and Environmental Health. Thank you for your continued interest in PerkinElmer and have a great evening.
Frank A. Wilson: Ross, I think we've always said that in order to achieve our 4-year goals, we really needed mid single-digit organic growth. So I think when we don't get that, it makes it much more difficult. But if I step back and look at what we've done to-date, I think we've made great progress on the initiatives we've talked about over the last several years, I think certainly the last several quarters. We may have been a little bit late with the center of innovation at Hopkinton, but it is now up and running. And I think we're going to start see good savings from that. I think Project Rabbit [ph] continues to ramp as we try to get supply chain savings. This is our name for the movement of the manufacturing over to Asia. And then on the operating expense side, we should be completely moved in to Krakow by the end of this year, so we will have all of our European back-office operations basically domiciled now in Krakow. So there's a number of savings opportunities that are now getting close to or are already completed. So I think, structurally, we're going to have a very good position. I think we still need that organic growth to drive significant leverage on that, but I feel very good about where we are today with those initiatives.
Frank A. Wilson: Yes, of the 3 items I would say the first 2 I mentioned, which is really around investments as we opened up the center of innovation. And the second one...
Frank A. Wilson: The informatics, I would say that's probably about a little less than half of the impact. And I would say the remainder of that would have been the margin headwinds, the mix headwinds in emerging -- in the Environmental Health. So that's the way I would split it. I think if you look at the fourth quarter, we are going to start to see an improvement in the gross margins because we've now completed the Hopkinton transition. We also have completed, as I spoke before, the transition to Asia, which provides us with some savings also on the margin side as we optimize our supply chain. And then there were some minor restructuring that will also help us in the fourth quarter. So I see -- there could be some continued pressures within Environmental Health but I think we'll be able to offset some of those, one, by not having to spend in the fourth quarter, but two, we're starting to realize the savings of those initiatives that we have completed.
Frank A. Wilson: It was. It was a small -- it was the divestiture at an Asian facility but it was single-digit, $1.5 million. The way to look at I think cash flow going forward is, certainly in the last 2 or 3 quarters, we've seen a buildup of inventory. As we started to do consolidation activities around the manufacturing facilities, we've had to had duplicative levels of inventory. I think you'll start to see those bleed down in the fourth quarter. I think you'll also start to see those improve as we get through the year. I think on the DSO side and the receivables side, that continues to be a challenge. We have -- I think have made good progress against our aging, but we have a lot of customers that are putting additional pressure on stretching those receivables out. So we continue to have to manage that. But I think all-in, I think we should start to see more of a normalization of that working capital and I think that will eventually end up allowing us to get closer to that 1:1 conversion of net income to free cash flow, but we have a ways to go to get there.
Frank A. Wilson: Maybe I'll take it to an even more draconian level and say if we really are kind of volume neutral going forward, we have a certain amount of savings that should generate about 100 basis points of margin expansion. And as we start to look out at the top line starting to improve, I think if we get to that 5% to 6%, mid-single digit level that we hope to in 2014, we have some fairly significant leverage, not only on the gross margin line but even more significantly in the operating margin line. But I think we've -- in the past, when we've been at those levels and we've been able to do certainly well north of 100, in some cases, north of 150, I think we're in a much better position today. So I think if we can get to those types of revenue numbers, we should see some fairly robust margin expansion.
Frank A. Wilson: Yes. This is Andy. Our total emerging market exposure is around 28% and. I would say, China is around 11%, 12% of that and the rest is pretty widely distributed. In total, it's a little north of 25% of our total revenue.
Frank A. Wilson: It was down slightly from plan, partly because of some of the mix shift that we saw in Environmental Health. We had not forecasted that level of mix and mix headwinds.
Frank A. Wilson: And I think the last item is we had really hoped to complete the Hopkinton move at the beginning of the third quarter. We really didn't open the facility until the beginning of the fourth quarter. So the savings we had hoped to get will -- are still there. They're just pushed out a quarter.
Frank A. Wilson: Well, we do have an opportunity with Singapore to leverage our tax planning. So there is potentially a modest benefit from that. I think it really -- the bigger fluctuations around the tax rate really are around where our operating income is domiciled. So I think it's difficult to say or pinpoint how much it's going to be. It is somewhat of a tailwind. And as we kind of move through '14, we'll probably update you on that progress.
