Maxwell Krakowiak: Patrick, so from a margin standpoint, in terms of the near-term cost actions that we are taking, I would consider this more from the OpEx line as we look to, I would say, more rightsize our costs given the current market conditions while still protecting our strategic investments that we need to make around areas of e-commerce, GMP, et cetera. But that near-term is going to be more on the OpEx side. As to your point, the gross margin expansion is really longer-term plays. As you look out to 2024, obviously, we’ll have to see how the market turns here over the next couple of months and what that means for 2024. But for right now, I would say the thesis still on our op margin expansion of the 75 to 100 basis points is what our target is for next year.
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes, absolutely. So I think, Patrick, to your point, as we look at China, it’s really a tale of 2 cities right now as we look into the second half. So let’s start first on the Diagnostics side, with immunodiagnostics being in the biggest piece there. It was great to see that exiting the second quarter. We were starting to get back to what we would consider more normalized volume from a China testing standpoint, which was in line with our expectation and we expect that momentum to continue in the second half. And so as we look at the second half, particularly for the immunodiagnostics business, we expect that to be close to an upper-teens growth rate in the second half. If you look though on the Life Sciences side, obviously, that has been more pressured. I think you heard some of the other commentary on the market environment there. It’s obviously very challenging. As we look into the second half for the Life Sciences business, we’re probably expecting that to be slightly down in the low to mid-single-digit range versus the first half that was more in sort of a low-teens growth rate in the first half. So we are expecting to see some pressure there. However, if you look at Life Sciences on a multiple year CAGR since the start of the pandemic, even with the downturn in the second half, it’s still growing at a mid-teens CAGR over that time period. So we continue to be excited there. It’s just given the second half right now, it will be a little bit pressured due to the market environment.
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. So I think overall for China in the – for the full year, we expect it to be low double-digit. I would say that is slightly down from our previous assumption just given the pressures I just mentioned from a China Life Sciences standpoint. And we continue to be, I would say, excited about the progress that we’re making on the immunodiagnostics side.
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes, it’s a good question. So I’d say on instruments more broadly across applied genomics, there’s really two dynamics. One is we do sell applied genomics instrumentation to our pharma customers as well. So softness there is going to have an impact on our applied genomics instrumentation business. The second, to your point, is the COVID overhang that I was referring to in the prepared remarks. Now in terms of the duration, I think right now, what we have good line of sight is to for the second half of the year. And I think our guidance is baking in some of that conservatism. As we get closer to year-end, we’ll see what that looks like in terms of the duration of the COVID overhang and also the current environment of pharma biotech.
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. He, Matt. So I would say from a pacing perspective, what’s assumed in the midpoint of our guidance right now is the current market environment. So whether you want to call that the current July, the exit rate of Q2, that is what is embedded in the midpoint of our guidance. If you talk about it in terms of when we started to see some of the accelerated, I would say, softening from our previous guidance, it was really more so in June; and then in China, specifically really end of June, early July, where we started to see, I would say, more of a stronger deceleration throughout the course of the quarter.
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. Matt, so when we were coming into this year, right, as we were talking about our Signals business, we were already flagging that there was going to be issues from a timing of the multiyear renewals. And so coming into this year, from a software perspective, we were expecting software to grow mid-single digits, which is compressed from what it’s normally been of mid-teens. And again, this is on the backbone of sort of the renewal timing, if you will. Now as we look out for the course of the year, we’re probably calling our Signals business to be actually down mid-single digits for the year. The swing you are seeing there is the impact of a softer pharma biotech on the new orders as CapEx budgets impact both instruments, and we are also seeing it on the software side. So this new guidance basically derisks the new order go get of our Signals business for the second half.
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. So I think there’s a couple of things that play, Vijay. So one, volume will actually be down quarter-over-quarter given the midpoint of our commentary on the third quarter number. So volume leverage is a piece of it. The second from a cost perspective, so the – some of this takes time, right? As I mentioned, this is incremental actions from what we’re taking from the beginning of the year. We do expect most of that benefit, I would say, to show up in the fourth quarter, Vijay, from a cost perspective. And then there are some actual strategic investments as well that we are making in the third quarter, again, that we do not want to delay, but we feel comfortable in our ability to hit our overall updated cost target for the full year.
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. Hey, Catherine. So I mentioned it a little bit on the software side, but it’s a similar story on the lab. So what we wanted to do for our updated guidance is to basically derisk what we had assumed in terms of new orders, both on the Signal side as well as the genomic lab side. In terms of the commercial activity, we still expect – it’s still going incredibly strong. It’s a matter of when, not if these deals are going to close. There’s obviously the chance that they could push out to 2024. So we thought it would be better to derisk our second half guidance and assume essentially none of those new orders come in from a genomics labs perspective. And so we would expect similar growth rates or growth declines that we had in the first half to persist in the second half as we’ve derisked the forecast.
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. Hey, Jack. So from an academic and government standpoint, it’s actually been pretty balanced across all regions. So I would say all regions are growing safely in the double-digit range. So it’s not one region versus another. Coming into this year, we had a hunch that academic and government was going to be stronger, especially if you look at what had happened in Europe over the course of 2022 and with some of the stimulus that has been mentioned that we did see come through from the China side. So I would say it’s been relatively balanced performance across the board from an academic and government perspective.
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. And just to it from a numbers perspective, Josh, to your point, it was high teens in the first half. We expect the second half to be closer probably to low teens, which is still very strong performance. And so we expect that business to continue doing well.
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. So a couple of questions in there, Josh, I’ll kind of unpack them here one by one. So the first one is as you look at the performance of reagents to your point, it was low double digits in the first half. In terms of the combination of volume and price, we did roughly a little bit more than 150 basis points of price overall in the first half. Our strongest portfolio in terms of pricing power is our reagents business, so you could assume it’s going to be slightly above that number. And so then that should help you give some perspective from a volume or somewhere in the high single-digit range from a volume perspective overall is probably a fair assumption. Then as you look in terms of the trends for the second half, I do think that the reagents business will be slightly pressured versus the first half performance. So our current midpoint assumption has the business going from low double digits in the first half to more of a mid-single-digit performance in the second half. However, I will note, though, that if you were to look at this on a two-year stack basis for our reagents business, it was low double digits in the first half. It will still be low double digits in the second half. So it’s a relatively fair comparison on a year-over-year comp basis. It’s just we have a tougher comp in the back half of the reagents.
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes, Andrew, I don’t know that I would say anything has been different from our expectations, right? So instruments is obviously a group that has been hit hard by the pharma biotech CapEx. You’ve got the new software and genomics deals that I mentioned earlier that have been hit by, I would say, the more cautious spending level from the pharma customers. Reagents has probably hung in better than both those two, but it’s not like that is also completely immune, especially when you look at the pre-revenue from our biotech customers, we are seeing reagent volumes drop there year-over-year. And so I would say it’s been relatively consistent from our expectation. I don’t think there’s any surprises from what we’re seeing in terms of the broader CapEx caution from the pharma biotech customers.
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes, Andrew, I’m not sure I completely follow your math there on the EBIT drop. In terms of looking at the cost actions and how we think about that, again, I don’t know that I have too much further color to add other than the fact that we are continuing to be prudent in our cost management given the market conditions and want to maintain our margin profile. But what – and yet we are still very much protecting our core strategic investments that we’re going to need for the next couple of years for our business.
Maxwell Krakowiak: Agreed. Yes, I’m just going to elaborate on some numbers for you there. So in terms of the pre-revenue, as Prahlad mentioned, it is a small piece of our portfolio. It’s 10% of our Life Science business. And so if you look in the first quarter, it was down mid-teens. Second quarter, it was down closer to upper 20%. And then the large pharma or midsize pharma in the second quarter was growing low single digits. And then if you unpack that further, instruments for the large and midsize was probably down high single digits; and reagents was on the flip side, up high single digits as they continue to drive lab activity. And so that’s how I would break it down from a numbers perspective for you.
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. Hey, Dan. So if we take a step back and look at our guidance overall, we wanted to be more cautious given the dynamic macro environment. So the 4% to 6% range is driven by really the uncertainty surrounding Life Sciences, with the midpoint being aligned to today’s current market and the low end providing cushion in case things get worse. Conversely, on the upside if things get better, that would push us closer to the upper range of our new guidance. I would say, additionally, we did really want to derisk the second half assumption on new software, genomics and licensing deals with our pharma customers. Again, the commercial pipeline there looks strong, but I think there are some questions around the timing of when these might get signed. And given the chance that they might get pushed out to 2024, we wanted to, again, derisk the second half assumption related to those business.
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. So we look at the total instrumentation for the portfolio, I would say, it’s roughly about 30%, Derik. And if you look at it in terms of the overall performance, I would say it was down, what was it, mid-single digits here in the first half – second quarter, excuse me.
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. Thanks, Dan. I would say that it’s probably going to be in the areas where we are seeing the greatest amount of market pressures. There’s some, I would say, just general overhead, but for the most part, it is the line to maybe where we are seeing the pressures from a top line perspective. And so as you look kind of in the segment margins in the second half, I wouldn’t expect too much volatility from sort of where they are directionally right now in the first half with Life Sciences being sort of in the upper 30% range; and you’ve got the Diagnostics business, which is going to be probably closer to a mid-20s here in the second half.
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. Hey, Rachel. So from a reagent standpoint, in the second quarter, they were growing low single digits positively. As we look out into the second half, we would expect that to probably flip to a low single-digit to mid-single digit decline with the biggest external factor there being the CRO volumes, specifically in China is where we are facing the biggest headwinds.
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. So maybe just to address the first – one part of that question in terms of the operating margin expansion, yes, the 75 to 100 basis points is still what we are planning in terms of our midterm margin expansion targets. Obviously, we will have to see what happens from a market perspective. But as of today, that is still our assumption. To your question on e-commerce, it continues to be an area we are very excited about. We continue to make great strides there. We will be having sort of the launch of our new e-commerce platform here in the first quarter of next year. And then Europe will be shortly following on sort of a six to nine-month lag from an e-commerce platform perspective, but we do expect that to be a continued area of opportunity for us as a company.
Prahlad Singh: Patrick, just to add to that, additionally, in China, the immunodiagnostics continued to do very well globally. So I think it was great to see China come back, but it also continues to do very well globally.
Prahlad Singh: No, I think, Matt, overall, the guidance that we are putting out there is just trying to get ahead of any softer trends that we – what we just started to observe. And our assumption is that will continue at least for the second half of the year.
Prahlad Singh: Yes, I think the way I would look at the guidance, Vijay, is that assume 400 bps of headwind from pharma biotech overall, which is offset by about 100 bps or stronger in immunodiagnostics. And I think the way I would look at it, of the 300 bps, 100 bps is essentially China Life Sciences softness. And I would say all of it is evenly split between instruments, reagents and the software piece that Max just talked on Matt’s question. So hopefully, that gives you a sense of how we are looking at it in terms of guidance for the second half.
Prahlad Singh: I mean the way I would say it, you should – if you look at the current portfolio, it’s very different than what historically we have been used to. I think on – if you are in the QA/QC cycle, it would be a different perspective. But I would say probably a couple of quarters to three quarters is what our expectation is this will be. And again, let’s keep in mind, 80% plus of our business is now on the reagents consumables side. So that downturn is not going to impact it as longer as if it was a much more CapEx-heavy business.
Prahlad Singh: Yes. I think in the medium-term outlook, assuming – I think you pointed it out, assuming a stable macro environment, that is what our goal and target is. So yes, there is no change to that, again, assuming the stable market environment.
Prahlad Singh: I don’t think it’s competition, Jack. I just think that there is – as you heard last week from our peers and from us today, there is just a softness. I mean there was a lot of noise and talk about the stimulus coming in. I mean there was some uptick from it, but that funding has not fully materialized. And I think you are seeing the impact of that because there was an assumption from all of us that, that stimulus was for real. And clearly, that hasn’t panned out yet. And then I think we are all seeing the impact of that.
Prahlad Singh: Josh, I think it’s a combination of all of what you pointed out, right? The business continues to do well. There is still continued awareness around immunodiagnostics in autoimmune testing, which will – which has a lot more traction over the next few years. The new NPIs that they keep coming out with, the Uniqo 160 that I had talked about in my prepared remarks, that’s getting a lot of traction. And I think the portfolio of the assays that they keep bringing to the market continues to have an impact. So I would say that the growth that we signed in the immunodiagnostics business outside of China was expected and is sustainable over the future. So feel really good about that business.
Prahlad Singh: Yes, I think as you know them, our pre-revenue biotech pharma is a very, very small component of our business. And we – that was already being highlighted as being pressured early in the first half of the year. So I don’t think that there is much change. I think the way I would sort of color the mid-large biopharma biotech is the pause, the caution and the delay in terms of CapEx spending. And then that is what is basically driving the – being influenced by the macro environment that we are all seeing. So I would say it’s across the board, but it is having an impact primarily on the organic, on the CapEx investments that our customers are looking at making. And I think the delay in that is what is that we are accounting for in the second half of our forecast.
Prahlad Singh: Yes. I mean I think that is a broad question, and I think I’ll try to sort of give color on what our observation is. I think in terms of the question around the excess spending, I think if there was desire to get instrumentation or upgrade their lab in terms of automation or adding extra liquid handling capability or more imaging capabilities or more QA/QC capabilities, that’s where the flush funds were leveraged and utilized. And I think that is what the normalization, to some extent, of that is going to happen more in the second half. In terms of the question around Europe versus U.S., I would say that probably Europe has been a little bit more careful and cautious in its spending than the U.S.
Prahlad Singh: So I can tell you on the first one. The second one, unfortunately, Dan, you will have to go to the owners of OneSource. I won’t be able to help you on that one. But on the first one, I would say that we have a very active pipeline. We have a very strong pipeline, and there’s a lot of discussions going on. And I think, as Max has pointed out a couple of times, what we’ve tried to do is assess the timing to the best of our ability in terms of when some of these will materialize and try to derisk our forecast for the second half to the best of our ability.
Prahlad Singh: But actually, I do want to point out, Dan – sorry, I do want to point out since you did bring up OneSource that today is the one-year anniversary of when we signed the deal exactly a year ago. And I think as a company, we could not be prouder of how we’ve executed in terms of closing on that deal, ensuring a smooth close and sort of switching over to what we are today in terms of remedy. So thank you for that.
Prahlad Singh: Rachel, I mean, again, as we pointed out, my answer is going to be no different than what you’ve heard I say before, we have an active pipeline. We continue to have discussions. I think at the right time, we will move forward. At the end of the day, the market environment is softer in terms of the external market. But as you know typically our focus areas that we do operate in, our founder owner company. And generally, they tend to remain immune and resilient to the marketplace. So hopefully, we are able to execute on something, but we will continue to be diligent in our search.
Prahlad Singh: Sure, Liza. I think as you know and you probably heard on the reproductive health side, majority of our products have moved to China and are in China for China. On the EUROIMMUN side, I would say probably 25% of our products are in China for China. The rest, we continue to move. And of course, the NMPA approval process is what becomes a more of a timing factor. And I would expect that over the next couple of years to two to three years, most of what we think needs to be moved to China will be moved to China. It’s not a CapEx issue. The building, the facilities and all are ready and already invested in. It’s just more from a timing perspective to get the studies done there and submission of NMPA and getting the approvals from there.
Daniel Arias: Yes, good morning. Thanks for the questions here. Prahlad, maybe just rounding out the commentary on the portfolio, can you just add some color to what’s taking place in the Pharma Services business? How would you compare the demand that you’re seeing for genomics versus sell-on development versus some of the other applications like viral vectors? Obviously, anything that helps triangulate biopharma is just helpful right now. And then as an add-on, I’m curious how OneSource is doing in this environment.
Daniel Arias: Okay. Totally fair. Then I’d ask you to comment on a business that you did not own anymore. Max, on the cost reduction. Simply if you think about the split on…
Daniel Arias: Sure. Absolutely. Congratulations on the milestone there. If I could just sneak one more in, Max. How should we think about the split of what you’re doing when it comes to the cost reductions, Life Sciences versus Diagnostics? I don’t know if you’re interested in talking about segment margins, but it would just be helpful to know what kind of mix to assume there on spending changes. Thanks.
