Robert F. Friel: Yes Ross. I would say on the human health side we probably would think that those businesses grew sort of in the mid single-digits if you are thinking about training business and the research business. As Andy mentioned, we did see pretty good growth out of the medical imaging business. I would say that is less impacted by the days. So I would say that probably didn’t have much of a material impact on that business but I think on the screening business and the research business. I would say that it is probably 4 or 5 percentage points.
Robert F. Friel: Well you know I think clearly the growth is coming from the early cycle customers. I think the late cycle customers are probably going to be back half of 2010 is our sense right now. But having said that it’s fairly broad based across most of the industries that we play to. We’re seeing sequential growth in probably every market that we sell into.
Robert F. Friel: You know I don’t know that I can give you a great split on that other than to say- [crosstalk] --it’s probably pretty evenly split quite frankly.
Robert F. Friel: So, I would see in the bio pharma we continue to see good growth on the [inaudible] side. Some of that is new products or products offering but I think as we’ve felt in the past we continue to see increased use of the regions from an experimentation. We continue to see good growth on the service side. Other pharmaceuticals we saw good growth in one source continued in Q1. I would say the area where there continues to be a reluctance to spend CapEx and we didn’t see much of a change to that in Q1 and [inaudible] you mentioned particularly on a high and instrumentation was actually down in the quarter for us so I would say regions and service looks good. CapEx continues to be constrained.
Robert F. Friel: So, for us we saw good growth on the environmental side. We saw good growth on the food safety side. I would spike those two out as probably the areas of the strongest strength in the quarter.
Robert F. Friel: Yes, it was pretty broad based but I would say those are the areas where we experience the most significant improvement.
Robert F. Friel: No I think it’s fairly broad based. So, I would say it’s equally distributed between environmental human health and of course Andy also mentioned the fact that our tax rate is going back to where it was in sort of ’07/’08 time frame as our geographic distribution goes back to the split that we saw during that period of time. So, I would say it’s evenly split for around those, both businesses as well as some improvement in the tax rate.
Robert F. Friel: So, genetic screening and [corbol] were sort of roughly flat some sort of low single sort of flat. And again I think that’s a little distorted because of those are two businesses that it’s dramatically impacted by the [inaudible] I mean it’s really sort of a flow business if you will. I think the other thing to keep in mind that we did have a pretty good first quarter 2009. So, our expectations is when you look at the half those businesses will be mid to high single digits.
Robert F. Friel: I would say it’s the three things that Andy mentioned so clearly the revenue was stronger that we thought and so we’re taking our revenue [inaudible] up. I think that was attributed to it. The second thing was we seem to be getting good traction on some of the productivity actions we’ve put in place so clearly taking the margin side up as I mentioned before. As we’re starting to return to a more I would say normalized income distribution geographically that was a contributor. So, I think all three of those of which we didn’t have great visibility in Q4. And so I would say those are the ones that are really driving our increased confidence and decision to take the [inaudible] up.
Robert F. Friel: Well if you’re talking about specifically in the quarter I think the areas where we were pleasantly surprised was probably clinging on the [inaudible] imaging side. I think Q1 ’09 was actually not too bad of a quarter so we felt we’d actually be down. In the first quarter of 2010 as I mentioned that actually grew. And then I would say in some of the applied markets we saw a little stronger strength as we went through the quarter and then consequently gives us the confidence to take the revenue guidance up.
Robert F. Friel: So just to be clear we haven’t closed on it yet. We’ve announced that it’s probably going to close there in a couple of weeks and, but I mean just general financial parameters I think we did it’s about $20 million in revenue and it sort of breaks even.
Robert F. Friel: Generally just based on our distribution where our revenue expenses. The impact EPS has been [inaudible]
Robert F. Friel: I’ll talk about the first question. I’d rather not want to talk about the second, but other than to say we’re doing a lot of work in that area. But I would say when you think about 4 million births in the US. We’re doing probably about 450 thousand. Now of course not all those necessarily are getting trained for prenatal, but I would say you’re probably talking about 50% or 60% of births getting some kind of prenatal screening. So, we’ve probably got 25%, 30% market share.
Robert F. Friel: I think when you look the US every State right now does at least 20 or greater. And you the Standard of Care is 29. But I would say we’re effectively there from the standpoint of States doing the Standard of Care. That’s why I sort of pointed out the [inaudible] test because we think that’s going to be probably the next addition to the Standard of Care. Maybe we’re a year away from this but I think we’ll start to see some increases to the Standard of Care taking the menu up. But if you look at the US right now all the States are like I said doing at least 20.
Robert F. Friel: So I would the first question which is that we’ve seen much change in service I would say no. We continue to see fairly robust interest and the sort of one source model or the outsource you know the maintenance of the lab so that continues to go I would say unabated. On the other area it’s a little difficult as you know to characterize all pharma. It varies significantly by customer. I would say we’ve seen some instances of it but it’s still fairly rare at least for our products we’re not seeing a significant pick up in CapEx orders from an instrumentation perspective.
Robert F. Friel: Actually it’s right now in sort of a test phase in one State and we expect that will probably take a couple of quarters. Generally what you’ll see is if it gets adopted in one State it seems to catch on and as I said our expectation is probably in 2011. We would like to see this added to the Standard of Care menu. From a revenue potential if it gets added to a menu it’s probably $20 million to $25 million just to give you a sort of calibrate [inaudible] perspective.
Andy Wilson: I think we do see a little bit of leverage out of raising the bottom end of our growth expectation. But I think as we talked about over the last couple of quarters we’ve implemented or in the process of implementing even more cost initiatives that I think will continue to help us expand margins over the next several years. So, I think we did see some good tracks in the first quarter so it gave us a bit of confidence that this was taking hold and so we did feel comfortable taking it up from the 50 to 100 to 75 to 100 so, I’d say it’s a little bit of a combination of both.
Andy Wilson: Well I think as we talked before we are spending a lot of time really looking at areas where PerkinElmer can add value at a corporate level so we saw some initial benefits out of our logistics. We’re starting to see some early opportunities within supply chain. So, I think it’s still early days but I think that those two were the primary drivers and so I think we should continue to see those levels of margin expansion going forward.
Andy Wilson: You know we saw a slight growth in Europe and maybe it’s because of a different customer or product mix that we have. And I would see for Q2 we’ve got somewhere expectations may be even a little bit better than what we saw in Q1. From a currency standpoint as you know while it impacts us on a top line we’re fairly well balanced from a distribution of cost and revenues so it shouldn’t have a significant impact on the bottom line. It had some, clearly, but not significant. So I would say we just have to wait and see. Obviously the last couple of days has been fairly dramatic so, we’ll just have to see what impact that has on the broader economy.
Andy Wilson: It was less than a £0.01 this quarter just to give you a perspective. Maybe like £0.05 or something like that so not significant. It’s a little hard Derik because obviously it depends a little bit on what currencies move whether it’s Euro or Yan or etc. But generally it hasn’t been a dramatic impact either way from a bottom line perspective. Like I said in this case which was a fairly big move on the top line of 4%. It was about £0.05.
Robert F. Freil: I think you will see, as we go out, more [inaudible] layered on [inaudible] is one we talked about. I think also the next panel will be around sort of LSDs. So I think as you go out, you will continue to add on to the panels. Our view is that eventually, you will go from 29 to close to 50.
Robert F. Freil: So in your first question, the European growth that we saw was sort of broad-based. We do have a big screening business in Europe, but our other businesses also saw growth in Europe as well. Your second point is while we have seen a reduced birthrate in the U.S., I do not believe we are seeing a reduced birthrate globally. In fact, I think global birthrates are actually up.
Robert F. Freil: I do not know that we would see it. I mean, on the margin, it might have a minor impact specifically on a newborn’s screening business. Of course, that is not a huge piece of the total company. So I think the fact that birthrates come down in the U.S. [inaudible] a couple points, I do not think you would see it in the PerkinElmer number.
Robert F. Freil: First of all, when GE talks about their imaging business, it includes much more modalities than what we sell into it and I think we have talked about it before. We basically provide them x-ray panels and, of course, they have numerous other modalities. So it’s a little difficult sometimes to triangulate what they say with what we are seeing. The other point I would make is, you know, GE is less than 50% of our business now in medical imaging so, again, while it has a significant impact, there are a lot of other important customers that are impacting our growth rates as well. But having said that, I would say with the visibility that we have is bookings in place and we can probably look out with pretty good confidence one quarter and I would say increasing confidence in at least 6 months. So that’s what we are sort of basing it on. But you’re right. This thing could turn based on what happens with hospital budgets but based on the bookings in place we see now, I think we feel confident that this business will experience positive growth in 2010.
Robert F. Freil: Japan was an improvement for us relative to 2009, but it’s not a huge piece of business for us. But it was positive, I recall, [inaudible] single digits.
Robert F. Freil: Hopefully they all outperform. But I think diagnostics probably has a greater opportunity at least just from a macrotrend perspective, so I would think that’s one that if I had to pick one, I would say probably the diagnostics area.
Robert F. Freil: I thank you for your questions. So going forward, we will continue to focus on three key areas: first, to increase the growth profile of the company; second, to continue to invest in new and innovative technologies for better detection and prevention in human and environmental health; and third, to continue to achieve good financial returns through strong cash flow and a focused approach on driving operating margin improvement. I look forward to updating you on our progress against these priorities during our second quarter earnings call. Thank you for participation in today’s call and continued interest in PerkinElmer. Have a great day.
