Max Krakowiak: Yes. Hey, Dan. So I think maybe starting with the first question on the gross margin. I would say we are very confident in the ability to be sort of the 60%-plus range coming out of the gate in terms of the remaining business. If you think about the gross margin level we had in the third quarter coming in at the mid-50s, you had to remember too that had the mix of the AES business, which we are divesting, which is dilutive to the overall company mix. And so again, we feel very confident in the 60%-plus gross margin exiting the divestiture. And then on the overall operating margins, the way I would think about the 30% is that is what we will achieve in the first 12-months post deal closure. Obviously, there's a little bit of timing noise with when it will close here in Q1. But in the first 12-months, the 30% is what we are targeting for the overall company.
Max Krakowiak: Yes. Hey, Derik. So starting with the Europe question, so in the third quarter, we saw Europe performing for the remaining business was in the low double-digit range and that was with both DX and Life Sciences, relatively around the same level. I think as we look towards Q4, we anticipate still I think strong performance in the Life Sciences business, Diagnostics had a really strong third quarter across all end markets. Maybe that's a little bit slower here in the fourth quarter. But I'd say overall, we are not seeing anything that is a major concern in Europe. And then moving over to your comment on interest expense for next year, the interest expense is, although we are paying down some debt, I think the important thing to note is that the debt that we will be paying off will be at a very low interest rate. So the $1.3 billion that we’re coming due over the course of the next two years, the interest expense is less than 1%. So, although there will be some benefit, I don't think it will be something that will be overly material. And then on your last question for FX for next year. Right now, we are impacting FX to have about 3% headwind to 2023 revenues.
Max Krakowiak: Yes, I think as Prahlad mentioned, I think the priority for capital deployment after paying back the short-term debt over the next two years is going to be from an M&A, an organic investment standpoint, which we do have other areas that we are very excited about. I mean, obviously, we'll continue to watch with slowing down with the market, but I don't think the share buyback or ASR is the primary focus of capital deployment.
Max Krakowiak: Yes. So I think speaking maybe overall to the academic and government portfolio that we'll have for the remaining business, it will kind of be a high single-digit percentage of the overall company. And then to answer your second question on how does it impact the 10% for next year? I think, look, there's obviously puts and takes across portfolio, but I think, again, we feel confident in our ability to hit 10% plus organic growth next year and I think that's part of the assumption.
Max Krakowiak: Yes. So Catherine, maybe to answer the tactical question of our expectations for China here in the fourth quarter, so again, China is the one region where we have seen the pressures from the immunodiagnostics business. But overall for the remaining business in China for the fourth quarter, we are expecting about high single-digits growth. Obviously, if you then normalize it for the IDX headwinds, which we have assumed is a negative high single-digits here in the fourth quarter. China would be even better than that excluding that portfolio. But I think we are very confident of what we're seeing in our China business and the team continues to perform very well.
Max Krakowiak: Yes. So from a backlog perspective, I would say overall, we are still at an elevated level versus historical -- from a historical perspective. And as we continue to kind of work through some of the supply chain challenges, that picture really hasn't changed as much quarter-over-quarter. Obviously, as the supply chain picture gets better, we will continue to burn through that backlog, but I think we feel very confident with the setup we have from backlog perspective, and we didn't see any sort of significant erosion in the third quarter. It's kind of business as usual.
Max Krakowiak: Yes, Matt, I don't think we've seen anything that's “out of the ordinary”. Again, our Life Sciences business in the third quarter grew mid-teens and we continue to be excited about what we're seeing from an order perspective. But overall, I don't think we're seeing anything abnormal from a customer inventory level.
Max Krakowiak: And in theory, it does because again, if you think that's what I mentioned with the discounts reporting gross we are required to keep the extra shared costs in continuing ops P&L. And so yes, you could think of it similarly to trended costs, it’s not the exact same dollar amount, but yes, the concept is the same.
Max Krakowiak: Jason, I'd say there's anything to necessarily flag, I think we've seen somewhat of a steady state quarter-over-quarter from an inflation product standpoint. I think also we've been consistent in the past saying that the inflationary pressure we are seeing on the divested business is much greater than what we are seeing on the Life Science and Diagnostics side. That's not to say it doesn't exist on the Life Science and Diagnostic side, but it's not at the same level of materiality. And then look, I'd say from a gross margin productivity standpoint, you're absolutely right. We are seeing continued good traction from a pricing perspective and then we've also got productivity initiatives that are ongoing well across logistics and freight that are starting to bear fruit here. And so I think we're feeling pretty confident with the gross margin performance of the remaining business.
Prahlad Singh: Yes. Thanks, Dan. Good morning, again, I think on both of them, as we've talked about the immunodiagnostics business, it is performing well out outside the lockdowns ex-China, but even in China, it is pretty much -- it was in line to the expectations that we had in third quarter as to what it would do. And the assumption that we have made and I think it's declining high-single is what our assumption is for the fourth quarter and we expect it to be in that range. Going into next year, obviously, one is naturally the comp would be much easier for the IDX China business. But overall, just with the NPIs that we have in place coming out of reproductive health, the health of the Applied Genomics business and China coming out of the lockdowns, we feel pretty good about the numbers that we have for diagnostics too.
Prahlad Singh: And again, Jack, I think the answer you'll get from us is the same. Our Life Sciences Reagents business overall did very well, including BioLegend, all of it has had strong low double-digit growths overall. And it continues to perform in life -- in line with our overall reagents growth business that we are seeing at mid-teens from a pro forma growth perspective and continues to do well, we could not be happier with their acquisition. Team’s performing and executing on all fronts. Thanks, Jack.
Prahlad Singh: Yes. Hey, Josh, this is Prahlad. I think the -- you know, the answer to your second part of the question is that the number that we have put out 10% organic growth includes synergies, because all the acquisitions are now pretty much integrated. I gave two examples of synergies that we are already seeing on the technology front in my prepared remarks, the Celleca system that Nexcelom launched has BioLegend antibodies that are attached to it. The other one is if you look at the T-SPOT approval that we got from the automation component that has around it as the liquid handling capability, et cetera, that comes the legacy PerkinElmer applied genomics business. So those are two very near-term examples or real life examples of how the integration is already, it’s not a work in progress anymore, it’s actually in motion and it's being executed as we speak.
Prahlad Singh: Welcome back, Catherine. I think the way I would look at the COVID portfolio, right? I think, again, it will be -- it will continue. And then again, my speculation is as good as anybody is on this. It continues to be sporadic in nature and it continues to be regional in nature. For example, you have this sporadic lockdowns in China that I think over the next couple of quarters will continue to be deployed. Post-schools opening or post-vacation in Europe, we saw a slight spur in that, so I think as we go forward, the $100 million baseline that we have assumed for 2023 will essentially be a combination of what we provide in terms of our chemagen portfolio, PCR's, instruments and a combination of all thereof. And then I think the $100 million number is the baseline that we would assume for 2023.
Prahlad Singh: Yes. And to your second question, Catherine, I think we have not yet seen pricing based pressure, but it's not going to be too far. Eventually, it will start showing up. As we've talked earlier, it's more on the routine testing that you have -- that people are seeing pressure on tenders, but I think eventually it will get there. But on the con side to that, I think the lower -- the more mass pricing model will bring more people into testing. So the overall volume growth will hopefully help take care of any impact that we will have from pricing.
Prahlad Singh: Yes. Liza, so on the reproductive health side outside of Shanghai, we pretty much have transferred most of our products that are manufactured, developed in China for China and the local products have an NPA approvals. It was on -- in Beijing was on the EUROIMMUN side of the business, where we had started transitioning products for China in China. I would say probably 35% to 45% of our EUROIMMUN portfolio for China is now manufactured in China and hopefully the rest of it will be done in 2023.
Prahlad Singh: Sure, Matt. I think, you know, the -- one of the drivers of growth for reproductive health is the one you pointed out in the latter part of your comment, which is Vanadis. As it -- even though as Max said, it starts off a small base, its continued growth is obviously favorably impacting reproductive health. We've also talked a lot about the new NPIs that we continue to launch. So menu expansion, geographic expansion continues to help us despite the pressures that we have from both rates. And I think even on the birth rate side, I would say the U.S. has turned around the corner and we tend to have more real time data. And I think, you know, the birth rate trends in the U.S. are ticking back upwards. So I would say those are the three drivers, Matt that are negatively impacting the reproductive health segment. 
Prahlad Singh: Yes. And also Matt, if you , remember we've talked about this, right? 80% of our revenue is a regular run rate business for RemainCo now. And these are all vials and assays and tests. So it's not that customers are going to keep a whole lot of inventory for those products. So it really does not -- it becomes a moot issue for us going forward.
Prahlad Singh: Yes. Vijay, so from a base business perspective, let's first start with the 2022 results. I think overall for 2022 for the base business, our guidance implies 9% organic growth and that is with a 300 basis point headwind from our IDX China business. So if you normalize for that, our remaining business is growing low double-digits for 2022. In terms of the modeling for next year, so if you take the $3.3 million, the way I do it is back off the $600 million of COVID and then add back $100 million for -- run rates that should get you to about $2.8 million for your base.
Prahlad Singh: Yes. So I'd say Vijay, there's a couple of dynamics in play there. And maybe first, just to correct one point, I wouldn't say there is minimal COVID levels in Q3, if you sort of quarterize $100 million you get to about $25 million a quarter versus the $54 million that we did in 3Q. So it's still elevated from a COVID standpoint. In terms of the margins, for -- I think what you're asking is basically how do I think about the continuing ops margins versus the margins that we expect for the remaining business going forward? And I would say there's really two dynamics you need to consider. One is because of discounts reporting, we are required to keep all shared costs in continuing ops. So that's extra cost that the continuing ops P&L is burdening. The second piece is that again in 3Q, we had elevated COVID and I think for full-year of 2022, we’ve got $600 million of COVID, which is not the COVID expectation we will have for next year. And I think we've been pretty consistent saying in the past that COVID is an elevated gross margin versus our normal company average. And so those are two variables you need to consider. But overall, we are very confident in the 30% margin that we will have in the first 12-months post deal closure.
Prahlad Singh: Well, I think from our perspective, we are assuming for business to start getting back to normal in China with the lockdown still easing down. I think the obvious thing would be from an comp perspective, it would be a very easy comp to overcome. And that's assumed in the guidance there.
Prahlad Singh: Hey, good morning, Max. So yes, the program went live in California for us early October. I would say, look, the injunction doesn't really impact our existing business there and things could always change, but we are just in the process of currently starting to ramp up. And in terms of the impact, as we've talked about, the way to look at it is to measure the performance of our overall reproductive health business, of which Vanadis and prenatal is a part of. And we expect that to continue to show a healthy growth trend. So doing well, but it's just in its early stages of ramp up, I guess. It's the way I would think of.
Prahlad Singh: Yes, Max. We’ll continue to sell both obviously the MX and the PLX. I think the MX is a significant upgrade to the PLX is a significant upgrade to the MX product, which is out there. As I mentioned earlier, the benefit of it is it does both be cytometry and cell counting while maintaining the viability of the cells and it also allows us the opportunity to attach BioLegend antibodies to it along with the software that goes with it. In terms of how many units and how many numbers of you know MX or PLX are there? I really don't have, you know, exact number that I can share with you. And then I think the way I would measure is continue to look at the performance of our overall Life Sciences business rather than a particular product. Nexcelom is being a great acquisition, it’s probably been one of our biggest success stories and how smoothly the integration has gone. And the way the teams have worked across in terms of combining it with the total workflow that we present to our customers, it's been a home run for us.
Prahlad Singh: Good morning, Rachel. Again, what was approved by the FDA in terms of timing, we had expected it to come in the mid to late summer and that investment where it ended up. I think in terms of the impact it does is that obviously as you probably know U.S. represents slightly more than 50% of the global latent TB testing market. So from a revenue perspective, it will be very beneficial that while the clinical superiority of the Oxford's test, is known. It did require more labor to produce a result. So what it does now is now with this approval and addition of the workflow, it allows for much more efficient workflow to be in place. And then I think working with our partner in the U.S., which is a question or we have -- we look forward to this becoming making it much more competitive and much more automated in the U.S. marketplace.
Prahlad Singh: Yes, Rachel. I think we'll continue to be investment grade. Let's start there, so that's not going to change. In terms of the valuations on the private side, I mean, as you know very well, the kinds of deals we do, they do not happen overnight and we tend to be much more focused on founder entrepreneur, kinds of, companies. And I would say that they really have not -- there hasn't really been much change in the expectations for potential targets in that space, because those generally do not tend to be in a hurry to sell off their businesses and it does take time. Again, we are not in a rush either. We will continue to be very diligent and very strategic and the acquisitions that we will bring to the table. So I would say that we haven't seen much meaningful change in anything versus what it was, I would say, two, three quarters ago is probably the best way to answer your question.
