Frank Wilson: Well, if you look at the acquisitions in total, we anticipate they're going to generate about $0.05 of EPS for the year, and that our buybacks are going to be about 5% as well. I think there will be some upfront costs associated with the acquisitions. But I don't see any significant dilution as a result of these.
Frank Wilson: Well, the challenge we've given each of the businesses is productivity improvement. It's fairly homogeneous across the segments. But I think, ultimately, you're going to see Human Health with margins with a 2 in front of it and Environmental Health with kind of more of a mid teens. So you kind of blend it in the high teens. But I think the targets we set for the 2 groups and the opportunities we see within the 2 segments are fairly, fairly similar. Paul Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Okay.
Frank Wilson: I don't have that off the top of my head. Dave, do you have it? Paul Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. That's okay, thanks.
Frank Wilson: Yes. The balance of the year, we think it’s going to be a tailwind of about 4% but de minimus on the bottom line, just given our mix.
Frank Wilson: Well, I think what we’ve communicated is for us to hit our high teens operating margin by 2014 requires us to generate about 5% organic growth going forward and the balance of that being productivity improvement. So obviously, if we do better than that, hopefully we'll get there faster. But we may reinvest as you know. If we do worse, we'll probably have to do some more heavy lifting. But that's the mix right now.
Robert Friel: Yes. I would say, in the first quarter, Quin, what we saw was some growth on the screening side [indiscernible]. We saw it both on the academic side as well as the pharma, which was great to see because as you know, for most of 2010, there was a lot of investment going into screen. So it was nice to see. We saw strength both on the plate readers as well as on the reagent side. Andy mentioned the fact that, however, offsetting that was the fact that our rad business contracted a little bit more than what we've seen historically. And we think that’s somewhat timing-related, but we'll just have to wait and see how that pans out for the rest of the year. So I would say, when I think about the research market, we're starting to see some recovery on the screening side in pharma and both academics. So that's the good news. The offset to that is we are seeing pressure on the radioactive side of our business. But as Andy said, we are expecting the research business to be positive for the year, probably low- to mid-single digits.
Robert Friel: Well, so as Andy mentioned, the acquisitions, which basically -- what we've done so far is largely in either the service software side or consumables. So the majority of that. So $75 million -- so figure that's almost 4% of our revenue. And so that would be the increase relative to what we had last year.
Robert Friel: Yes, I think that's right. I think we've said for some time that we obviously want to drive to a more recurring side of revenue. We've sort of increased over the last couple of years from 50% to 60%. Now we'll be pushing through to 65%. But we see informatics as a real opportunity. And I would say, there's a couple of drivers to that. First of all, clearly, the consolidation that's going on is requiring our customers to have better connection between the scientific efforts, whether it’s the outsourcing of R&D, the CROs that are requiring the ability to share information seamlessly, whether it's a focus on productivity or whether it's just a fact that the instrumentations are continuing to generate more and more information. And there's a real need to be able to search, analyze, store and share that information. So we think, consistent with what we've done with our service offering, there's a huge opportunity to help our customers sort through this need to have a much better informatics platform. And so we did CambridgeSoft. Let's think about it sort of a backbone, brings in a very strong electronic notebook. ArtusLabs brings us some fairly good capability around imaging. They've got some -- particularly technology around optical structure recognition. And then, of course, Geospiza brings us cloud computing and some real good capabilities around sequencing, which is complementary to our Sequencing Service.
Robert Friel: Well, if you x out the rad business, our non-rad business grew sort of mid-single digits, and that would be a combination of pharma and academic. So the non-rad piece of the portfolio was actually, like I said, up, I think it was 5% or 6%.
Robert Friel: I would say that pharma still grows. But again, because we're looking at it a little differently, we don't really separate the end markets from rad and non-rad. I would say pharma, so far, we grew a little bit. But overall, it was about mid-single digits.
Robert Friel: Well, we've actually been partnering with Geospiza since we started our Sequencing business. So we know the business well. And I would say, it’s synergistics in sort of 2 areas. It’s synergistics in sort of the early part of the sample and process tracking. And then it’s synergistics on the analysis side. And like I said, we've been working with them since we started it. So as you think about it, they provide the synergies in the upfront side. Then of course, the sample prep and automation is going to be chemagen and some of our other products whether it's the JANUS Automated Workstations or the EnSpire Plate Readers. Then we'll use some other products to do XON capturing and sequencing and then, of course, we'll use the Geospiza software for the analysis.
Robert Friel: Yes, so I would say, the scientific -- if you look at -- you've got to separate it into a couple of different pieces. But I would say, if you look at the EON market, CambridgeSoft was probably the third largest provider in that market. So I think we picked up a very nice position there relative to electronic notebook. And then I said that the approach there is to sort of add in to that imaging capability and then ultimately, I think that's got to be put on a cloud application. I think that's one of the true benefits of Geospiza. I would say, growth wise, it's probably been growing in the sort of low double digits. And that would be our expectation going forward.
Robert Friel: Well, I would say, initially, the ArtusLabs and the CambridgeSoft will be integrated because I think there's some real synergies between those 2. Probably Geospiza, initially, will be – as I've sort of alluded to before, will be more focused on the DNA Sequencing business. And then of course, over time, we'll look at a software strategy across PerkinElmer. The other thing to point out is PerkinElmer has a number of informatics products today. So whether it's on the cellular imaging side or whether it's in the lab information management systems within our analytical sciences business. So we're looking across all of our capabilities in PerkinElmer. And we'll ultimately probably have an integrated software business. But I would say, that's down the road.
Robert Friel: I would say, it's probably higher than that because it's higher on the Environmental side than it is on the Human Health side.
Robert Friel: I would say our strategy has been, for the last couple of years, to do more tuck-ins. And I would say that's going to be the sort of majority of the strategy going forward. I mentioned in the past it may be a little bigger than what we've done historically. I think if you look, the average deal that we've done in the past couple of years has probably been sort of more in the $50 million range. I'd like to do a little bigger than that. CambridgeSoft, as you know, was sort of in the $200 million range. So I'd like to do bigger deals but unlikely, we’d do something very large.
Robert Friel: So I would say, I think the $0.04 that you recall was really when we talked about the CambridgeSoft and ArtusLabs. Actually, the Geospiza has sort of minimal impact on our EPS. The other $0.01 is largely coming from chemagen. So I think when you look at all the acquisitions together, it's about a $0.05. And then as Andy said, probably about $0.05 from our share buyback. The DNA Sequencing business I would describe as sort of early days. I think we're getting some good traction with our customers. I think it could be an exciting opportunity from a market perspective. But like I said, it's sort of early days for us. And I would say, through the first quarter, it's still less than $1 million of revenue. But I would say, we see it as an exciting opportunity, but I don't think it's going to be meaningful from a financial perspective for some time.
Robert Friel: I would say, I think we'll continue to look for bolt-on acquisitions. I think we've got a strong balance sheet and we can continue to do a couple of hundred million if we saw the appropriate targets. So I don't know that I would say it necessarily moderates. It will be more dependent on seeing the opportunities and obviously, transactions that make sense from a financial and strategic perspective.
Robert Friel: So I think this strength is really coming from 2 aspects. One is obviously the markets are very strong because of the concern about some of the regulatory issues out there. I think the other thing is, we've introduced some new products recently that are getting very good traction in the market. So I think it's a combination of the strong market and the new products. And I suspect we're executing quite well.
Robert Friel: Great. So thank you for your questions. As we move into the second quarter, our priorities will remain focused on growth and employing a decade-approach to improving our operating margins while investing in new technologies, software and services that advance Human and Environmental Health. During our next earnings call, I look forward to discussing our second quarter performance and how we're progressing against our priorities. Thank you for your participation today, call and continued interest in PerkinElmer. Have a great day.
