Robert F. Friel: Sure. So, let me start with the strategic side, and I'll talk about why we think we can win there, or what we think are some competitive advantages. So, first of all, we think this starts off sort of a natural extension of our newborn and also our ViaCord business. So, as I think you know well, we do the screening for the metabolic disorders, and very often the confirmatory test is done through sequencing. So we think we can pick up a fair amount of that business, number one. Second is we have a stored bank of over 350,000 cord bloods, and periodically we request it, and we think there is an opportunity to do some genetic sequencing of those. And again, so I think that business alone probably is – probably a $10 million or $15 million business in a relatively short period of time. We are also by the fact of our presence in India and China, and particularly in India, doing some sequencing today actually of some individuals in India. We have a contract with a large pharmaceutical company, where we're doing some work with them on selection for clinical trials, and we're in discussions with a number of organizations. So, it's a capability that we currently have, it's also consistent with and I think as you know well that in addition to the sequencer, we basically have the capabilities around that. So if you look at the various components of whether it's liquid handling, whether it's DNA extraction, whether it's the quality control or whether it's the enrichment, those are all things that obviously PerkinElmer does, so we think we can be very cost competitive. I think the other thing that we think makes us somewhat unique is we've developed the capability to do it through dried blood spot sampling and therefore we think that increases access for patients globally and decreases the cost by eliminating the need for collections, storage, expensive transportation, et cetera. And then I think lastly, I think our global footprint also allows us to enrich the data base which will improve the interpretation of genomic variance. So I think there is a number of things that we feel pretty good about and maybe finally, we have strong clinical interpretation capabilities. So we just thought it made a lot of sense. I think the question was when is the appropriate time to do that? And like I said, I think we'll probably through the end of this year and probably next year, we'll be able to build a relatively quickly, probably a $15 million or $20 million business and then as we look out a couple of years, we think it probably is $50 million plus.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah I can guess that, I mean when we step back, I would say, when we step back from the quarter, while we were a little disappointed with the number, there was nothing, whether it was operationally competitive, market perspective that caused us to change our view on the year or the back half. So if I just run through the markets quickly, so pharma for us was sort of low single digits, that's basically what it's been running. Obviously, there's a headwind there from our radioactive business that came in about what we thought. Environmental was sort of low single digits. That's been doing a little bit better than that, but it had a difficult comp year-over-year. Similarly, food was in the same situation. It was actually down a little bit. It was against a 17% comp year-over-year. If you look at industrial, actually it continues to improve a little bit, so that was up, I think, 2% or 3% in the quarter. We saw particularly strength in Asia and as you pointed out, and I think we talked in the prepared remarks, the academic market was the one that we were a little bit disappointed. It was down low single digits, and it was up against a relatively easy comp. It was down mid single digits in the second quarter of 2016. So again, I think the markets performed pretty well as we expected with the exception of the academic markets. On the Diagnostics side, again, if you go through it, newborn was up high single, and I think, if you look at we had a very difficult comp in China. I think, Andy mentioned it particularly in China, I think we were sort of 50% plus last year because of the placements with the high Yuan. And so again, we knew that going into the quarter, and so, I think we called out earlier that we thought Diagnostics would be down low single digit. When you look at the impact in Europe with the logistics issue, it was sort of evenly split between Diagnostics and DAS. And so, I think, absent that, Diagnostics probably would have been up closer to 3%, and DAS probably would have been closer to 2%.
Robert F. Friel: Okay. Great. So first of all I guess it depends how far you want to go back, so I'll certainly give you my perspective. And so if you go back a number of years, the Diagnostics business was one that was probably growing mid single digits and I would say now it is comfortably in the sort of 7% to 8% range. Some of that was expansion into emerging markets, some of that to your point was the innovation side where we've gone into menu expansion and also a number of areas in the applied genomics area. And the goal here is to take that from sort of 7% to 8% to double digits. And the way to do that in our view is we're funding Vanadis, which as we've talked about in the past, we think we'll be sort of disruptive in the NIPT market. Obviously, the EUROIMMUN acquisition I think brings some interesting capabilities not only from a technology perspective but obviously opens up a further addressable market for us, the Tulip acquisition obviously gives us I think incredible infrastructure in India, and now with the move into genetic services leveraging our capabilities. So as I think about the DX going from sort of mid single to high single to double-digit, that is the path we're on and we're trying to do that by maintaining a 30% operating margin. Shifting over to DAS, that's a business again depending on how far you go back was probably in the 13% to 14% operating margin, low single digits. We're now sitting here at 17% operating margins and we're trying to make a number of changes, both to the portfolio and the focus of the investments to get that up to mid-single digits and ultimately a 20% plus operating margin. So that's sort of the path we're on. It's a combination of execution, it's a combination of innovation and it's a combination of tweaking the portfolio.
Robert F. Friel: I would say that's – we're in the process of doing that right now. We've started to meet with the teams, a number of us were out at actually AACC earlier this week to start to put together the tactical plans to think about how – for example on the allergy side. I mentioned the fact with the recent FDA announcement, I think it was in the middle of July, we're looking to accelerate that because an issue – our plans were around where we needed to get sort of regulatory approval, but of course with the ability now to go to the market, we're looking at accelerating that. And so we're – the key for us though is to make sure that we prioritize these and the ones that we think can have the biggest impact in the shortest period of time and so we're putting those plans in place. But it will be around focusing on leveraging our strengths with the public health markets, obviously through our reproductive health, so we think we can leverage that. And then also utilizing their capabilities on the autoimmune side to add allergies and expand out their menu.
Robert F. Friel: So starting first with the NPIs, we said in the beginning of the year that we were looking to get sort of an incremental $50 million of revenue from new products. I would say if we look at the second quarter, we think it's in the sort of $21 million range. So we think we're – and in the first quarter, it was in the sort of $14 million range. So we're well on track to achieve that. Your second question with regard to how we think about the R&D is clearly there is a higher percentage of R&D being spent in Diagnostics as compared to DAS. So, think of Diagnostics as probably about a 7% R&D and DAS is probably closer to 5%, so it splits that way. But I think the thing to point out within DAS, it's very discriminated between where we're investing that R&D. And I would say that's a little bit of a change probably relative to a number of years ago where it was sort of spread more based on revenue to some extent. I think now there's huge differences between, if you look at the amount of money that's spent in some of the high growth areas, like quantitative pathology or food, it would be much different than some of the lower growth areas. I would say, the other thing to point out is, while it's about 5% across DAS, a large portion of that business has service. So, on a product basis, we're probably investing something closer to the Diagnostics.
Robert F. Friel: So, if you look across the service business, it's about a $600 million business, and I would say the margins in that business from an operating perspective are comparable to the overall company, maybe a little bit better, obviously lower gross margins, but obviously it does not attract to selling and the R&D, as I mentioned previously. So, higher operating margins than the overall company, but lower gross margins than the overall company. What's been to a large extent driving that growth is our multivendor business, and we continue to see very good traction there, that had another strong quarter, I think – Andy mentioned. And the key there has been our ability to continue to broaden out our capabilities beyond asset management, into compliance quality, data integrity. I think leveraging the investment we made a number of, a couple of years ago in informatics is becoming a significant differentiator for us, in a number of these tenders for the lab services of the large pharmaceutical companies.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah, no that's behind us, and this was if you recall this Petya malware that got into a couple of companies. Our IT guys did a great job on it, it didn't really infect in PerkinElmer's computers. But we had a third-party logistics supplier that does our – did some of our businesses in Europe it's Brussels based and that's where the challenge was. Those products have subsequently been shifted in the third quarter and we don't expect to see it, have that issue going forward.
Robert F. Friel: So, I would say Municipal Water is not an area of significant focus for us in our businesses. And where we're seeing the growth on the industrial side at least in the second quarter was largely in Asia.
Robert F. Friel: So, if you look at our academic business, it was up fairly strong in the U.S., I think it was high single digits. And where we saw the declines or the negative growth was both in Europe and in APAC down somewhere either low single-digits or mid single-digit. And I think it's – to some extent, funding clearly in the UK with what's going on with Brexit and none of the funding there that was European sourced, is now sort of shifting around. And so I think that's probably the biggest driver to the European funding, and Asia maybe just more of a timing issue for us.
Robert F. Friel: They'd probably get you more into the mid single digits where I think is probably more characteristic of the market.
Robert F. Friel: Okay. Well, I'll take the first and third one and I'll pass the one on foreign exchange over to Andy. So, the malware was about half of the number that you mentioned. It was probably about a $5 million impact for us as I said it was fairly evenly split between DX and DAS. And when we look at relative to our guidance which was in the 3% to 4% range, we would say about half of it was due to the challenge with the logistics provider in Europe and about half of it was probably attributable to the academic market which was declining and we had forecasted it to be up slightly, let's say, low to mid-single digits. So, that's how I would handicap that. Andy, why I don't I switch over to you..
Robert F. Friel: .. these are products that are sort of instruments. It's not really consumables. If it was consumables, I'd say, if it's not on the shelf, they're going to take somebody else's. And just to spend a second on and the fundamental reason why we use the – or historically, we use this is, so in a lot of instances, when a customer buys, let's say, a JANUS from us for automation or liquid handling. That PO could have 12 line items on it because they're buying the JANUS, they're buying a power cord, they're buying accessories, and et cetera. And so we have used logistic suppliers in Europe to help sort of kit that and consolidate that and just to give you sort of a little color, I got a text on the Thursday before the quarter closed it said we have $14 million of product that's sitting in a Brussels' warehouse and our logistic supplier had lost all capability to track and figure out what's in their warehouse. And so I give a lot of credit to both our IT and our ops team that sort of jumped on a plane went over to Brussels and did a terrific job of making that only a $5 million problem but that's essentially what caused the issue and that's why we used the logistic supplier.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. I would say it's a combination of things and if you look at sort of why do it now is one, it was a combination of building the capability and some of that was technology and some of that was people. We wanted to make sure we had the right organization to implement this, but I think the other driver to it was the, with the NOVASiC, you're now getting to the point where the cost of a whole Genome is approaching what used to be the cost for exomes. And so I think it was a combination of with our capability in the frontend and the NOVASiC, we thought we could put a very competitive offering out there, and then combine that with the capabilities that we built up and then of course I talk about the strategic connection to our newborn and ViaCord business. And then, the hope is we'll able to expand that into other areas like the NICU, I talked about the collaboration with the pharmaceutical companies around having them identify candidates for clinical trials et cetera. But I would say, it was a combination of building capabilities, and getting to a cost point that thought could be very competitive.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. So, first of all, our data would corroborate what you were saying, which is our data would suggest that birth rates are down 1% and 1.5%, and we saw that turn particularly in the second quarter. Having said that, and I think I mentioned this previously, our newborn business grew very nicely, and it grew very strong in the U.S., and again I think that was driven more by menu expansion as compared to birth rates. But we are seeing a little bit of a declining birth rate in the U.S., now at least on a trailing 12-month basis. With regard to your Brazilian question, we have seen Brazil snap back nicely here, and we saw strong growth in Brazil, I mean it was up over 20%, and so hopefully we will continue to see some nice growth there.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. That's correct. Tulip is doing better than the deal model, so we're excited about that. And I think we are now at the point where we can start leveraging that with some of the PerkinElmer products. And I would say the other significant opportunity is I think with EUROIMMUN. I think both taking some of the EUROIMMUN products or some of the Tulip products and putting them into places where EUROIMMUN now is like Brazil and other areas, I think there is an opportunity. And so I think Tulip is going to continue to be a great opportunity for us. And we're also starting to see opportunities to leverage that infrastructure and knowledge to help us in the reproductive health area.
Robert F. Friel: So, I think as we mentioned in the first quarter, because we had such strong instrument placements in 2015 and 2016, that our expectation is that the blood screening business at least from a top line perspective would sort of slow and in some quarters actually be flat to down a little bit or up a little bit, and that continues to trend here in 2017. Having said that, the profitability is increasing nicely because while we're selling more reagents and less instruments, so that that top line is being negatively impacted, obviously, that's much more profitable for us. And I think we continue to feel like we're making good penetration on the market share there. We probably think we're 30% of the market or so.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. We do – we think it will probably be a business that can probably do high teens, maybe low twenties. When we look at sort of the current ASPs and what our cost structure is, so that's how we're sort of modeling it out.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. So I would say Vanadis continues to progress well. We're on track for commercialization in the first half of 2018. What you'll start seeing sort of the latter part of this quarter and the early part of fourth quarter is we'll start to have limited placements of the – what I'll say, the research grade systems to support the regulatory submissions. And so, things are still on track there and we're still excited about getting that out, as I said sort of first half of 2018.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. So I think as those come out we'll sort of make sure that people will see those and we'll publish those accordingly.
Robert F. Friel: No. I would say, from the standpoint as they're both sort of related to the sort of the OBGYN possibly in the U.S., but I don't know that there is a significant opportunity in that area.
Robert F. Friel: So I would say in China birth rates are sort of mid single digits. And I would say, there the growth rate is driven much more by menu expansion than penetration. Our penetration in China now is up in the sort of 90%s. So it's all going to come from menu expansion to a large extent. India birth rates are sort of flat to low single digits. And as I've sort of talked in the past, I mean I think we're making good progress in India, but I continue to believe that's going to be a fairly slow ramp. And so that's going to be a multi-year process. It's a huge opportunity, it will just take awhile between sort of education, et cetera, to get that to the point where we are in some of the other countries.
Robert F. Friel: Great. Well, first of all, thank you for your questions, and your interest in PerkinElmer. So, I appreciate having the opportunity to share with you both the progress we're making to deliver value to our customers, shareholders and employees, as well as some of the exciting plans for the future. Thanks for joining us tonight, and have a great evening.
