Robert F. Friel: So I would say on the geographic side, and I think we mentioned this briefly, is the reason why we saw strength in Europe was largely Eastern Europe, in particular, in the Diagnostic area. We saw some real strength in Russia where we had won a tender where they were looking at both newborn screening and prenatal screening. So that was really one of the big drivers to the double-digit growth in Europe. I think in the U.S., one of the reasons why for us, U.S. was a little weaker was because of strong comps in Q4 of 2010. We had very strong growth in the U.S. So I think those are the explanations for maybe why we're a little off than maybe what some of the other companies you're talking to. And with regard to the environmental margin expansion, I mean, we've been seeing good operating margin expansion in the environmental area. And I think what we saw in Q4 was particularly strong mix. And you're seeing some of the benefit now of the informatic acquisitions as they start to ramp up. Of course, we talked about this at the time of the acquisitions. They carry obviously much higher gross margins and much higher operating margins. So we saw those benefits manifest themselves in Q4.
Robert F. Friel: So as I think about 2012, I expect the U.S. and Europe to be comparable, particularly when we talk about Europe as Eastern and Western Europe. And I think they're going to be in the low-single digits. And I continue to see the majority of our growth from a growth rate perspective coming in the APAC regions. So like I said, U.S. and Europe probably in the low-single digits. I think probably the APAC region is high-single, low-double.
Robert F. Friel: So I would say probably 60% is revenue and 40% is from the productivity. And that assumes the mid-single growth that we've guided to.
Robert F. Friel: They're actually a little bit of both. We're doing some things from a G&A perspective. I think we've talked on a couple calls about how we want to continue to drive back office consolidation. And then in the other area, you may have saw we made some announcements a couple of weeks ago with regard to moving some of our manufacturing into Asia. And obviously, those benefits will flow through the gross margin side.
Robert F. Friel: I think it will smooth out to some extent but it takes us a little while. As you know well, in the software business, the revenue recognition is sometimes difficult to predict. And so if we look at the informatics business in the back half, it probably grew mid- to high-single digits but our expectation for 2012 is more in the mid-teens. And I think as it becomes -- as we own it longer, we'll do a -- we'll be able to increasingly smooth out the flow of that revenue. So I expect 2012 will be more linear than '11. And '13 will be more linear than '12.
Robert F. Friel: So I would say, first of all, that the probably most important surprise from my perspective is the quality of the people and the leadership. I mean, I think we had some sense of that during the discussions. But as we sort of get more and more involved with the individuals at Caliper, it's really sort of a terrific group of individuals, both with good technical domain experience, but also terrific attitude and really very sort of culturally synergistic with what we're trying to do where we're trying to improve health sort of across the globe. So I would say that's been a -- probably the biggest surprise. And I would say the other thing is we get to sort of better understand their technology. We also see increasing opportunities across all of PerkinElmer. So while we, I would say report this business within the Research segment, we are fairly optimistic that some of the, for example, microfluidic capability is going to be able to be deployed on the food pathogen area as well as in the diagnostic side. So I would spike out those 2 as big surprises from a positive perspective.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. And, Ross, I would say the other thing is, I think the reason for the pause is not only financial in nature, right? We've got a couple significant integrations in front of us. And so, with the informatics businesses and of course, the Caliper integration, I think we want to make sure we focus on those. And so, I think both for financial reasons and for management bandwidth reasons, I don't expect to see anything significant in the first half of '12.
Robert F. Friel: No. Actually, I think as we look out forward to 2012, we think we're going to see much more consistent growth from both segments. As Andy mentioned, that we were pleased in Q4 to see that it was 5% and 7%, I actually think for 2012, you could see a scenario where we continue to see fairly similar growth across the Human and the Environmental Health. And of course, one of the reasons for that is we continue to feel good about the prospects for Caliper to improve the growth profile of the Human Health side.
Robert F. Friel: Well, I would start off by saying, look, we feel terrific about our diagnostic platform. I would say the way to think about our diagnostics platform is it's a little different though in the developed markets as it is in the emerging markets. I would say in the developed markets, it's fairly specialized around newborn and prenatal and maybe some molecular diagnostics test, in particularly, in those applications. I think when you get in the emerging markets, it's much broader from the standpoint of, we have a terrific channel with the SYM-BIO acquisition. And of course, we picked up through that acquisition assays and capabilities into infectious disease and places like HIV and hepatitis C. So I think you've got to look at it as, in the emerging markets, a much broader diagnostic play. Whereas I think in the developed markets, it's fairly specialized.
Robert F. Friel: Well, I think we'll continue to be opportunistic across all our businesses. But as I sort of alluded to before, the other very interesting aspect of Caliper is, as you know, a lot of our diagnostic test of immunoassays and protein base and Caliper brings us some very interesting technology around molecular DNA testing. So we also, down the road, look to sort of deploy some of that into our diagnostic channel. But I think we'll continue to look and add assets, as I said, across all of our businesses. And obviously, you mentioned the attractiveness of the diagnostic market. And so, obviously, that's an area of significant priority for us.
Robert F. Friel: I think the Medical Imaging business will perform similar to the overall corporation, so our expectations are probably mid-single.
Robert F. Friel: So I think your assumption on '11 is correct. And I think for 2012, our assumption is it accelerates a little bit. But the real key factor for that business is birth rates. And historically, when you look at a recession, particularly in the U.S., you'll see depressed birthrates for maybe 12, 18 months. We're now going into the third year. So that's going to be the real determinant for us, is if we continue to see flat-to-down birthrates, it's going to be tough to grow much beyond mid-single digits. If we get a little help from birthrates, I think you could see some acceleration there. Now clearly outside the U.S. and I think in particular the prenatal area, we expect to see much better growth than that. It's just a question of how much the U.S. will be a headwind.
Robert F. Friel: So if you look historically, we've been sort of consistent with that number. When you look at our dividends and share buybacks over the last couple of years, we've returned a fair amount to the shareholders. With the Caliper acquisition, of course, the informatics acquisitions we did earlier in 2011, we put on a fair amount of debt on the balance sheet. So our intentions probably for the next couple of quarters is to use the cash flow we generate to really delever. So I wouldn't anticipate significant share buybacks until we get the balance sheet back to where it was prior to Caliper. And now of course, we do pay a dividend every quarter and we'll continue to do that.
Robert F. Friel: So from one-time benefits, I would say rather than benefit, it was in any given quarter, we may have some wins. So that was just a tender that we won, so -- in any given quarter. But I would say that's probably the one that I would spike out as having the most impact. And the reason why it's fairly visible is because it improved the European growth rate. And I think relative to our expectations, it was much higher. The Caliper contributions in the quarter was about $31 million, so fairly consistent with what we expected. As I said, it grew about mid-teens. And from an operating perspective, we sort of alluded to this. But because of the timing of expenses being fairly linear and because of the revenue being more back-end loaded, I think we had guided to about a $0.01 benefit in the fourth quarter. It was closer to $0.04. So there was about a $0.03 incremental EPS improvement as a result of the higher income in Caliper. Some of that is due to performance quite frankly, and some of that due to just the timing of the revenue and expense.
Robert F. Friel: Well, I think the Research area continues to have a headwind because of our radiochemical business. And so if you pull that out, I think the rest of the Research business grew. We saw good growth in our Imaging area so the Opera's continued to do well. And of course, I mentioned Caliper continues to do well. So there's pockets of growth in the Research area, but just because of the radiochemical being down again in the high-single digit range, it just puts a lot of headwind on that business. And of course, the strategy there or the goal there is to use Caliper's growth to help sort of offset that and then ultimately return that to a business that can grow mid- to high-single digits.
Robert F. Friel: It's hard to predict. One of the things we are looking at is, what other things can we do with that business? So it's a combination of, it's going to continue to shrink relative to just sort of overall markets, but we are looking at maybe other opportunities to find up some applications. So Kevin’s here, Peter, maybe Kevin just wanted to spend a second because I know he's been looking at the radiochemical business, so maybe just...
Robert F. Friel: So I would say it closed a little bit. But I mean, I think we continue to see, that is probably the opportunity for us in the 2012 area to continue to make penetration in the APAC region. I would say our expectations are not significant or -- in our 2012 guidance, we haven't assumed that we're going to make a significant amount of progress there. But I think that maybe presents a potential opportunity and upside for us. Go ahead, Kevin.
Robert F. Friel: So I think the competitive dynamics have always been fairly fierce there from the standpoint of there's a couple large instrument players who compete on most of the OneSource opportunities. I think the competitive dynamics start with probably who has the experience and who had sort of the capabilities to do this. And I think, generally, that's why at least historically, we've done quite well in that because I think we were sort of early out of the gate and sort of multi-vendor service. And so I think in most of these tenders, we obviously have references and a lot of customers that we can point to. So I think that in a lot of cases, I'm not sure if price is that significant, quite frankly, because generally, the discussion with the customer is really around availability and uptime. So while that ultimately converts to productivity for the customer, it's not necessarily, from the standpoint is we're doing it cheaper, it's just that because we put engineers on site, we can guarantee 2- or 4-hour turnaround or uptime as compared to an OEM that might say 24- or 48-hour turnaround. So that's really -- it's really improved productivity in the lab as compared than necessarily sort of cost reduction. And I guess the answer to your other question is we -- generally, it seems to be fairly sticky. If you're doing a good job, they have a tendency to keep you around because it can be fairly high switching costs.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. So I would say the emerging markets right now is probably about 20% and the developed markets right now about 80%.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. I think clearly a higher growth is coming from nonmedical and the CMOS business, the acquisition we made. But having said that, our Medical business, we still expect to grow slightly.
Robert F. Friel: No, I think mid-single for the total business. I think the way to think about it, the medical side is probably sort of low-single and the nonmedical and the CMOS is higher, sort of high-single or low-double.
Robert F. Friel: So in the case of Q4, Caliper was very significant, again, because it was a timing issue. I think if you look at, let's say, the full quarter, then I think Caliper is probably going to be in 2012 neutral to our operating margins. And of course, they are sort of growing into their scale, if you will. So our expectation is, for 2012, the operating performance of Caliper will be maybe equal to or slightly better than the corporate average. So that the benefit from an acquisition perspective is more on the informatics standpoint from a mix point of view.
Robert F. Friel: Well, we've actually got some pilots that were actually going on right now with a couple of select customers. And so assuming those go well, I think we could have something in sort of the latter part of 2012.
Robert F. Friel: Thank you for your questions and continuing interest in PerkinElmer. I just -- so as we enter 2012, we believe we're very well positioned to drive growth and excellent financial returns through our strength and capabilities, innovative offerings and continued focus on margin expansion. In addition, I feel extremely great about our ability to continue to make a dramatic impact on Human, Environmental Health with the ultimate goal of significantly improving life expectancy as well as the quality of life for everyone around the globe. With that, let me thank you again for joining us today, and I wish you all a great evening. This call is now adjourned.
Frank A. Wilson: I think we'll still be active in the diligence side of M&A. But I think, at least over the next several months, we are going to focus on delevering. I think we were able to put more cash into the deal, so we actually started at a better place. We still expect, by the end of this year, to have really gotten back to where we started prior to the Caliper acquisition. So I would say, we may be a little slower in the first half than the second half, but I think at some point, we'll be active again on the M&A side.
Frank A. Wilson: No, I don't think anything's changed for '12. I would say that the expectations of '11 are obviously, now that '11's closed, were a little bit low. But I think we still expect $0.08 of accretion and the top line growth of around $180 million is still pretty firm.
Frank A. Wilson: No, I think that was really the reference to the repatriation of the cash. While Caliper had some tax attributes, the requirement under the acquisition accounting is those tax attributes actually go up to the balance sheet as a deferred tax asset and you do not get the benefit of that through the P&L. And so, to some extent, by bringing the cash back, we're utilizing those attributes much sooner. So while we get a significant economic benefit from the tax attributes, we don't get a P&L or earnings benefit.
Frank A. Wilson: Well, first of all, I'll start off by saying look, we think when you do 100 basis points, we think that's pretty terrific performance. But I would say one of the things that is depressing that is that we are also within that 75 to 100 basis points continuing to fund productivity moves. So I mentioned the fact that we're talking about moving some production in the low cost regions. We're also doing some things from a G&A perspective. And so when you do those types of moves, very often you have repetitive costs. And so the 75 to 100 basis point margin expansion is net of funding the continued productivity actions we're taking so that we can continue in '13 and '14 to achieve the margin expansion and hit our 18% that we stated.
Frank A. Wilson: We didn't. But it will be slightly better than our fourth quarter which was 24%. We're going to -- we estimate it to be 24% for 2012, but [indiscernible] points lower.
Frank A. Wilson: Yes, it was about 200 basis point of headwind where we think that's going to be pretty much throughout -- flat in the fourth quarter, 200 basis points for the full year 2012, about the same in the first quarter. It won't have a significant impact to the bottom line, maybe $0.01 or so if we see the rates where they are today.
