Frank Anders Wilson: I think we are not considering any huge step up in end markets, although we were encouraged by the improvement that we saw through the first quarter in industrial end markets. I would say really the majority of that growth is coming from new product introductions. We launched several in the first quarter. There's a number in the second quarter as well. Those will continue to ramp in the year. And we also have an easier comparison in the second half as well, which will obviously be beneficial for the organic revenue growth.
Frank Anders Wilson: We are. Obviously, last year, both economically and due to the issues with the Zika virus, we did see a significant headwind. Obviously, we have a much lower bar, but we did see growth in the first quarter. And we are expecting growth through the balance of this year, although off of, again, a more modest base.
Frank Anders Wilson: Yeah. I would say that as we were going into the year and we were looking at what we felt we could get from the launch of the new ICP-MS, we were assuming a bit more sluggish industrial market. So I think if we continue to see improvements in industrial, I think we'll see a bit of a pickup. And it's harder to quantify them as they might be (25:01), but it certainly will be a net positive.
Frank Anders Wilson: Sure. Well, I was just going to talk about the industrial piece because you had indicated that it was a part of our guidance. We going into the year did not expect significant improvement. And I think we're encouraged up to this point given the flat performance in the first quarter. It looks like the order trends are supporting that. And I think the new products that we're going to launch in DAS are going to also be helpful. So I think maybe at this stage, we're a bit more confident in the industrial piece of our guidance. But we remain cautious because it's still fairly early in the year.
Frank Anders Wilson: Yeah. I don't see Diagnostics anywhere near operating margin maturity. And as Rob mentioned, I think there's fairly significant incrementals on the higher volume. We are cognizant of the fact that we got to continue to invest. And that's why in my prepared remarks we talked about operating margins growing at a slightly lower pace than DAS because of those investments. But I think we think long term, there's still operating margin expansion opportunities in that segment.
Robert F. Friel: Yes, I would say, going back to Andy's comments, we're not seeing a dramatic change in the end markets relative to what we thought sort of in the December-January timeframe. So I would say the improvement, it was largely on the DAS side. It really came from better execution particularly on the service side. We saw very strong service growth in the first quarter. I think the products also benefited from the new products. But I think it was more execution than market.
Robert F. Friel: I would say it's fairly early. As you pointed out, Steve, we're encouraged by the progress we saw in the first quarter. But it's still pretty early. We've got two fairly large organizations coming together. And we had to standardize some processes, even some compensation arrangements and obviously leadership. But I would say the areas where I think we're really seeing some early wins is clearly in the service organization. I alluded to the fact that we saw nice growth there. We're seeing significant benefits from the global account program that we have. So we've got some 12 or so global accounts that are now able to sell sort of all the products of PerkinElmer across the old historical environmental and life science business. So I would say some early wins, some early good indications. But it's fairly early days. I know you asked the question on the front end. But also I would say the other area we're seeing is on the R&D. Clearly, by consolidating the R&D across the larger DAS organization, we're seeing some benefits there in the pace and commercialization of the new products.
Robert F. Friel: I would say, no, I don't know that there's any strong indicators that would suggest that we're concerned other than it's early. I think Andy pointed out that in Q2 we are bumping up against both difficult comps in Asia and APAC as well as Diagnostics. So obviously, that's something that concerns us a little bit in Q2. So I think that the 3% to 4% guidance is prudent. But I think if we continue to see the markets that we've seen through four months and we continue to make the good traction in the new products, I would expect there'd be an opportunity to maybe do better than the 4%.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah, so we saw pretty good strength in pharma for us. It was sort of mid single. And, of course, when you look at the split of our businesses, we've got a little bit of a headwind with the radioactive. So if you're sort of excluding that out, we were probably in sort of the high single digits. When you look across the sort of geographies, clearly it was APAC that was the significant driver to that. We saw very strong growth in APAC driven largely by China. But we continued to grow both in the Americas and in Europe, but something more in the low single digits. So we're getting much more Asia-driven, much more sort of imaging, our imaging products, our reagent products are really the driver. And, of course, the services I alluded to were the big drivers of our pharma strength. But pretty strong and pretty broad-based.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. So as I mentioned, we've got a pretty good pipeline. And we feel fairly confident we'll get some stuff done here in the latter part of 2017. The focus areas are the ones we've identified. So it's going to be diagnostics. It's going to be food. It's going to be pharma services. It's going to be those critical areas where we see both a combination of our core capabilities with strong differentiation as well as the overarching growth prospects of those businesses and markets. So those would be the area of focus. Historically, we've had a tendency to do smaller bolt-on deals and probably those are the majority of the ones that are in the pipeline. As I've said on a number of occasions, I'd like to expand that. And as much work goes into a $50 million deal as it does to do a $200 million deal. So if we could do something a little larger, that'd be great. So it's in that sort of range from a revenue perspective, right, things that are probably in the tens of millions to maybe a couple that are actually larger than that.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. So I would say right now if you look at China newborn, we think there's about 90% penetration of screening. But as we've talked about it in the past, generally depending on the part of the country, it's in the two to four disorders. We've seen a fairly good ramp up of mass spec. We think that's probably more in the 20% to 25% penetration now. And, of course, the benefit of mass spec, you get an additional sort of 15 to 20 tests that you can do with the same sample. So that's where we think the penetration is. On birth rates, it's been sort of low single digits as I think we've talked about in the beginning of the year. We knew we'd come off a very strong 2016. So when Andy talks about the strong growth in newborn, it's really coming from menu expansion and to a large extent it's the expansion of mass spec penetration. And then I also alluded to the fact that we're seeing good uptake of the GSP which is the automated platform. So penetration now at 90%. Birth rates are sort of moderating in the low single digits. It's really coming from menu expansion.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. It's tough to put probabilities on these, right? Because there's a lot of things that can sort of cause problems. But I think we feel pretty good about the probability of getting something done here in the next three to six months.
Robert F. Friel: Okay, great. So as far as commercialization in newborn, I think we're in a very good position here. We've been operating internationally in newborn for a long period of time. We distribute or sell our products in 93 countries. And so when we look at the opportunities, I would say right now in the short term, we talked about India. I think that will be – it's a significant opportunity, but it'll probably ramp over a number of years. The other ones that we're in fairly active discussions with is Indonesia and Vietnam. And then I think when you get sort of to the 2018 timeframe, we actually think there are some interesting opportunities in Russia. And I think in all of those, I don't think the barrier is going to be our commercial capabilities. So I think as we look at the runway for newborn screening in emerging markets, we feel good about our ability to sort of support that from an infrastructure standpoint. Having said that, I don't want to sort of ignore the developed markets because I think there are some nice opportunities there as well. We think probably as we get toward the end of this year, early 2018; we'll come out with an LSD assay panel and eventually get that CE-IVD as well. So I think when you look across newborn screening, there's a nice path over the foreseeable future to sort of continue to grow that in the sort of high single digits. The second question was around the academic market, I believe, and what we've seen from a geographic perspective. And we saw actually strength in Europe. The U.S. was down sort of mid to high single digits. And actually, APAC was down a little bit. So that was the geographic split of our academic business. Again, it was largely in Europe. I think there was some episodic sales there that probably drove that to some extent. And maybe Andy wants to comment on some of the specifics.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. And I think what you may be recalling is when we talked about 2017, I think that we were concerned about – because industrial has been challenging for us particularly in the back half of the year. But we didn't want it to get any worse, right? So I think if we saw continued deterioration in industrial, that would have been challenging for us, we believe, to continue to get our organic growth rate up to 4%. But to Andy's point, I think we're encouraged by what we see at least through the first quarter of this year.
Robert F. Friel: I think we can. When we announced the acquisition of Tulip, we talked about the fact that while we're excited about the product suite and the current channel that they have, we do think there's an opportunity to leverage Tulip because some of their products, they're actually going into the hospital labs. And so we think there's an opportunity there. The other thing that I alluded to was we're seeing actually some demand coming from the private labs to do newborn screening. So we do think there's an opportunity to sort of leverage that a little bit more. And actually, they are calling on some of the pharma customers as well. And so we think there's a potential to leverage it actually on the DAS side.
Robert F. Friel: I would say probably – it's still fairly early from the standpoint of significant divestitures. And I think what we (39:30) said for 2017, I do not anticipate seeing anything of the size of Medical Imaging. I think what we're looking at right now is sort of maybe some relatively small product lines. So I think to see more significant divestitures would require us to be more successful on the acquisition side.
Robert F. Friel: So as we've talked about it in the past, our really strategy around here is sort of encircle the box, if you will, or encircle the sequencer. And we think we've built a nice capability in and around sort of sample preparation, automation, library preparation and those types of steps that are required. And in particular with the addition of Bioo Scientific, I think it brought us some really strong capabilities there. So I think that what we're really trying to focus now is to take those capabilities that we have and target those after very specific applications and looking to extend our workflow capabilities so that we can, basically from sample to sequencer, have a very efficient workflow. And so potentially there's an opportunity with Illumina sort of realigning their priorities to continue to take share there.
Robert F. Friel: I think it's a constant balance between making sure that we are investing at the appropriate level but then also driving the growth and the efficiencies in our operating processes to make sure that we're continuing to get better. I think one of the benefits of the Diagnostics business is it has a very high percentage of reagents. So some 90%-plus of the revenue now is coming from reagents. So you get significant incremental flow-through when you grow. So as long as we can continue to grow at high single digits and get good flow-through from the profitability, I think it still allows us to do a fair amount of investing into R&D or building our capabilities from a distribution perspective.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. So if you look at birth rates, our data would suggest that birth rates in the U.S. are up about 1.5% when you look at first quarter of 2016 versus first quarter of 2017. So a slight increase in birth rates. If you looked at our newborn or reproductive health business, it was down slightly year-over-year. I think the biggest driver of that was a very difficult comp. There was very strong growth in the first quarter of 2016. So we still think if you look at the full year, we'll grow in the U.S. probably mid to high single digits.
Robert F. Friel: So we saw very strong growth in that business in 2016, if you recall, as we placed the instruments out into the various testing labs. Our expectation is for 2017, that's going to moderate as it goes against some very difficult comps. So what we're seeing in Haoyuan or the blood screening business in China is lower growth. And actually, for first quarter, it was actually down a little bit, but higher margins. Because what we're selling now is basically reagents. And so I would say at this point, you're not going to see the significant instrument placements that we saw in 2015-2016. And you'll see a more normalized growth, which we still think could be significant as the Chinese ramp up more blood screening. But we are, for 2017, psyching up against very strong growth as we're placing those instruments out into the lab. Having said that, our Diagnostics business grew north of 20% in China.
Robert F. Friel: Well, you know what, we haven't, Derik, gone into the pricing yet. I think we're going to wait until we get closer to launching it into the marketplace. So we're not really discussing pricing right now. I think one of the things that we've talked about though is the goal is to try and be competitive both from a workflow perspective and a price with biochemical screening.
Robert F. Friel: Well, OneSource now we are sort of rebranding as our entire service business now. So when we talk about OneSource – I talked about it in my remarks – it's $600 million large service business. So our service margins are a little bit higher than the corporate average.
Robert F. Friel: So they've got a tough comp in Q2. So I think you'll see very similar growth rate is at least what we're forecasting between DX and DAS in Q2.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. And I'll start and then Andy can just – so think of diagnostics and pharma biotech as sort of equal at around 30%. Then you've got sort of academic and government at sort of 10% and industrial on that range as well. Maybe the way to think about it is industrial, academic, food and environmental safety are all roughly around 10%. Makes it pretty easy.
Robert F. Friel: Hold on a second. So I think we're looking at pharma and biotech sort of mid single. We have academic and industrial sort of flattish. Environmental similarly sort of mid single and then food high single. So that would make up the sort of DAS split. And then within Diagnostics, I think we talked about it. I think it was 7% for the year.
Robert F. Friel: So I had mentioned a little bit before that 90% penetration in China right now. Think of that as about 70% of those are screening for two to four disorders and about 20% to 25% is doing the mass spec and the GSP, either/or. And that's going to take you up closer to like low 20s. So we've got about a fifth of the babies being screened in the sort of low 20s and the remainder in low single digits. And the split is largely going to be sort of east coast-west coast. So largely on the east coast is where you're going to see the higher screening. And as you got out more into the western part of China, you're going to see the lower number of tests.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. So India is still relatively slow ramp-up. I would say less than 5% of newborns are being screened in India. And I would say the uptake is – as far as sort of official programs, it's still at the sort of two to three stage. There's a number of ones that are in pilot programs. But a lot of these pilots, rather than being done statewide, have a tendency to be in institutions. So they may be in universities; they may be in medical institutions, et cetera. So a lot of the pilots, we'll just have to see how they ramp up. But as I think we've said on a number of occasions, while India is a significant opportunity with 27 million births; I think it's going to be a fairly slow ramp.
Robert F. Friel: Great. Well, first of all, thank you for your questions. And as I said before, I think we're off to a solid start to the year and encouraged by the progress we are making to drive innovation while achieving profitable growth and advancing our mission. So we appreciate your interest in PerkinElmer and wish you a great evening.
