Robert F. Friel: Yeah, Dan, thanks for the question. And I think you had a couple. But first of all, I would say, as Jamey mentioned, the performance first of all was broad-based, with really all the key end markets growing sort of high single digits or better. But I think to your point, it's really broader than that. There's a lot of factors that are impacting the performance. I would say first of all, the markets are good. Obviously pharma and biotech are increasing spending, particularly, we're finding, in the drug discovery area. Food continues to see good growth because of whether it's expanded regulations or increasing consumer awareness. But it's really broader than that for things like we're seeing nice growth from new products. We mentioned a couple particularly in the life science area this quarter. And the way I would think about it is, 2017, we really focused on significantly refreshing the analytical portfolio and that's continuing on nicely in 2018. And then earlier this year, we really focused on the life science area. So you saw some new products come out in the imaging area. Clearly on the reagent side, we've sort of refreshed there. I would say the other thing that's helping our performance is our decision to narrow our focus on selected end markets where it's really contributed to both a more concentrated marketing and customer engagement approach. And again, focusing on those areas that inherently are higher growth. And then finally, on the execution side, I would say particularly in the commercial organization, we've created much better alignment between product management. And actually, during the earlier part of this year we completed a – we trained the entire global sales force on a standardized, what I'll call is a lead-to-close process. And we're seeing that really improve our win rates. So it's really a combination of things, but at the end of the day we feel very good about the performance of DAS. The team's executing well. They're at 7% organically year-to-date. And I think they go into 2019 with terrific momentum.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah, I think we continue to feel very good about the opportunity in the U.S. and I think it is a significant market opportunity. I think the question is how long it takes to ramp up, and of course, it's coming off of a relatively small base. So we continue to see very strong growth rates in the U.S., unfortunately off their relatively low base. But I would say as we sort of go into the anniversary here, we haven't seen anything that diminishes in any way the opportunity, and probably in many ways, we see greater opportunity, I would say globally, but specifically in the U.S.
Robert F. Friel: No. I was going to say, I know you asked a question relative to the incentive comp and how do we think about that sort of going forward. And maybe I'll just take a second to explain it because it may be a little unique. But so, if you think about our incentive comp for our officers, it's very largely performance-based; probably depending on the officer, anywhere from 60% to 70%. And we're talking about these three-year long-term performance based. It's all tied to the stock price, or at least some portion if it's tied, and it's mostly equity. However, there is a component of it that is paid in cash. And unlike the equity component, our accounting policy requires us to revalue the cash component each quarter depending on changes in our stock price. So if you look at that cash component, and as I know you're well aware, our stock price increased over 25% in the third quarter. So normally in any given quarter, if our stock's moving around a little bit, it's not a material item, but because of the magnitude of the move, it's required us to record an expense as Jamey talked about. Going forward, we generally don't model a lot of expense in there because obviously it's tough to predict our stock price. So going forward, we really wouldn't normally model much and again if the stock price moves 5%, it's not material. So, but like I said with the strong movement in the third quarter, that's what yielded the significant incentive compensation expense.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah, so my comment on the assay development, although I talked about a specific instance where we're using EUROIMMUN antigen. It was really more broad based that says, say to imply that we're looking more across the company now and largely because some of the acquisitions we've made recently, so whether it's Bioo, whether it's Tulip, whether it's EUROIMMUN, we're finding that we've got significant opportunity to leverage those businesses whether it's their diagnostic businesses, the capabilities can go into DAS, so for example in the food area on the molecular side and vice versa. And the specific example was one where we took capabilities from EUROIMMUN, capabilities from Tulip and our blood spot capability in newborn and really created not only a new product, but a new application that allowed us to go into a market that we're seeing nice growth in. So we're going to continue to look at opportunities to do that. Specific to EUROIMMUN, the one thing that were quite excited about, and I think we've talked about this a couple times, they have very good capabilities in recombinant antibodies and antigens. So it allows us to get very specific antibodies for our assays, furthermore allows us to drive in the sort of new novel targets and gets faster time to market. So the point was just to say we're increasingly looking to leverage that and we think there's a significant opportunity as we go into 2019 and 2020 to benefit from that.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah, so as I mentioned it's coming from a number of areas. So our core, what I'll call our core immunodiagnostics which does not include EUROIMMUN grew high teens. And as I think you know that's mostly focused in emerging markets. So Tulip continues to grow double digits and our historical, call it Sym-Bio business or China diagnostic business continues to do quite well. In the applied genomics, we're also seeing very strong growth. That also grew double digits. That was fairly broad based geographically. And so I think those contributed the majority of the growth. I would say when we look at our reproductive health, newborn only grew, I think it was 3% this quarter. I think year-to-date it's sort of mid-single and that's fundamentally because we're seeing some fairly significant headwinds from birthrates. So, the U.S. is down low single digits. Europe is down low single digits, China, we think is down, depending on the region of the country, anywhere from mid to high single digits. So, the fact that newborn is growing, let's say, year-to-date in the mid-single digits, we feel pretty good about because clearly it's not sustainable to have those types of negative growth rates. So we're actually sort of as we go into 2019, we think we've got pretty good comps relative to the birthrates and we combine that with the success we're seeing this year with menu expansion and further penetration of newborns. We're quite excited about that. So, we think the bottom line is it is sustainable and when you put in the areas like the genetic testing and some of the other things we're doing, we think it potentially accelerates into 2019.
Robert F. Friel: I don't think so. As Jamey alluded to, it's a little early to talk about 2019. But I think from a trend perspective, we think the markets still look attractive here. We're continuing to come out with new products. We've got some clearly that we expect to get out in the earlier part of next year. I would say, obviously, the second quarter has got a little bit of tough comps and say did 10%, but I don't see anything sort of systemic that should create any significant headwinds for DAS.
Robert F. Friel: Well, I would say we're seeing very significant growth. But again sort of similar to the EUROIMMUN U.S. number, it's starting off of a relatively low base. But we think we've got probably, if not the, one of the most expansive capabilities when you look at the need to look at pesticide analysis and quality control of the cannabis. And so I think we could probably double the business going into 2019 off of right now it's probably about a $10 million business. It probably doubles in the 2019. Ultimately though, it's probably a $50 million to $100 million opportunity for us.
Robert F. Friel: No. I would say, it's mostly attributable to comp. We're going up against I think a 7% number in fourth quarter of 2017. So we just want to be cognizant of that.
Robert F. Friel: So let me just spend a second on Vanadis. So I would say, we continue to go through the normal process for CE Mark approval. We've received I would say a couple of recent questions from the regulatory body and we've responded as quickly as possible. And I would say at this point we don't anticipate any problems with approval. Right now we understand the instrument and reagent reviews are complete. But the software is taking a little bit longer. And I think as we've mentioned previously, we decided to use our LifeCycle software for Vanadis result reporting. And we felt this would provide an easy transition of the technology for recurring customers who use the LifeCycle for their biochemical prenatal testing. So the software now will not only incorporate risk factors, biochemical data and relevant maternal information, but also have the Vanadis data and we think this will give very complete information to the health care providers. Unfortunate as I said, I think that's slowing down the approval a little bit, but we do think it's imminent here. But relative to the revenue side, I would say while its timing is somewhat later than at least originally anticipated, we continue to ramp up both the operations, the service capabilities. We're still on track to install the Vanadis in I think it's 10 labs this year. And beyond that, we'll work with biochemical customers in Europe to convert. I would say on a revenue standpoint, we, in the fourth quarter forecast, we have taken it down a little bit. And what we're doing is we're focusing more on placing the instruments into the labs and I think as we mentioned before, a lot of these are reagent rental based, so we do think the revenue will be lower than what we initially anticipated. We don't think it impacts the 2019 ramp, and of course it's built into our forecast that Jamey talked about. With regard to the 2019 revenue, again as we mentioned before, it's a little early to start talking about specific numbers in 2019. But clearly when we give guidance, we'll try and be specific as to what numbers to assume for Vanadis.
Robert F. Friel: So yeah, I mean, I think we've talked about before that somewhere in the sort of $50 million maybe $100 million revenue. So we continue to sort of I would say pressure test the portfolio to make sure that we've got the right group of assets. Could there be another one or two product lines that go, possibly, but I think I've been fairly consistent. I don't see any significant divestitures of the assets that we have today. With regard to the pipeline, I think we continue to look at sort of bolt-on deals. I mentioned the DANI acquisition. It's a relatively small company in Italy, but we're excited about the capabilities they have, particularly around gas chromatography and more specifically in sort of headspace and auto sampling technologies. So we'll continue to do a number of those things. I mean if you look at we did SSI in China, we did RHS in Australia a little earlier. I mean we'll probably spend $100 million this year. And hopefully in 2019 we'll step it up a little bit. As you point out, we're getting very comfortable with the balance sheet as we expect to end year under 3 times EBITDA. And particularly on the DAS side, we're focused in food and building out our reagent capabilities.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. So, I think as we mentioned, when we acquired EUROIMMUN, it was around 20% operating margins. Our Diagnostics business last year was in the low 30s, so that gives you a sense of sort of the opportunity. I would say throughout the year, and I would say this has largely been through the volume leverage, because I think as we've talked about, we haven't really done much from an integration perspective there, particularly on the cost side. So, we've seen a couple hundred basis points of margin expansion in EUROIMMUN just from the volume leverage and they continue to have very favorable mix. About 90% or 91% of their revenue is reagent based. So, I think we can just through volume leverage get that up to sort of mid maybe even high 20s. And then as we get into sort of maybe not 2019, but into 2020, we'll look at driving some synergies across the business from a cost perspective.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. So, we're clearly at a run rate sort of north of the $10 million that we talked about. So the demand for that business continues to be very strong. Jamey mentioned the fact that we put a new LIMS system in and that sort of closed a little bit of a bottleneck, but we're catching up with that. The five NovaSeqs have been added to the lab. They're in the process of being validated. I mean, I think that's probably going to come online either late in the fourth quarter or early 2019.
Robert F. Friel: So, Steve, with regard to the growth, I mean, we've said for a fair amount of time that we think EUROIMMUN probably grows mid teens and our expectation is they'll achieve that in 2018. So, we don't see, or at least I don't see any reason why that changes over the next couple years. With regard to growth, I would say the one thing that has changed since we've owned EUROIMMUN is our belief that the EUROIMMUN capabilities can drive incremental growth in the core PerkinElmer businesses. And I think that's been the biggest change as we sort of have a better appreciation for what their capabilities are, and as I sort of tried to give an impression in my prepared remarks is, we think increasingly that these assets as well as some of the other acquisitions we've made are very synergistic across whether it's therapeutics, diagnostics, food. I mean, there's clearly a blurring of the capabilities and technologies being used in those end markets. And I think we feel better about the opportunity for EUROIMMUN to enable incremental growth in what historically were the PerkinElmer markets.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. So I think DANI is like about $10 million. SSI is less than that, probably more like $5 million.
Robert F. Friel: You mean relative to the original guide, that's correct. I mean, where we're seeing most of the over-performance is in the DAS side relative to our guidance at the beginning of the year. That's correct.
Robert F. Friel: To answer the second question, yes, theoretically, if the stock stays exactly is where it is, we're down, I don't know, 6%, 7% from when we closed the quarter, at least when we closed the books. And so yes, the way it works is every quarter we revalue the cash compensation liability to whatever the stock price is.
Robert F. Friel: Well first of all, thanks for your questions and your interest in PerkinElmer. As we head into the end of the year, I continue to be very confident in our ability to drive our strategy and build upon the terrific momentum we've seen so far, which I think sets us up for an even more successful 2017. Before I close the call though, I would like to mention that as I think some of you know, Tommy has recently been promoted to the CFO of our service business within DAS. And therefore this could be his last earnings call as Vice President of Investor Relations. I wanted to thank him publicly for his terrific efforts over the last six years, as he has both contemporized our Investor Relations function as well as increased the visibility of PerkinElmer within the investor community. And while he tries to take more credit for the stock appreciation than he deserves, I must admit his impact was not insignificant. While he leaves big shoes to fill, we hopefully will have someone in the role by early next year. In the meantime, we've asked Tommy to do double duty. However I'm confident our service business will get lots of Tommy's attention, as I know he has many ideas to help elevate its performance. With that, let me close the call. Thanks again for joining us this afternoon and have a great evening and hope you enjoy what's left of Halloween.
James M. Mock: Yeah. Sure, Tycho. Yes. On the operating margins, it was about 60 basis points in the quarter related to stock-based comp and then another 20 basis points of pressure related to foreign exchange. So absent that, we would have been at about 19.9%.
James M. Mock: Yeah. So as I said in my prepared remarks, I think we're now at 15% for the year, which is down 200 basis points since 2017. Some of that is more profits in low tax jurisdictions and some of that are some discrete items. So we're looking at it for next year, but it's a little too soon to call the actual guidance for next year I'd say.
James M. Mock: No. No change in expectation. As I mentioned, foreign exchange had a significant impact as well as the incentive compensation, but the fundamentals are still there and we still see strong operating margin expansion in the 70 to 90 basis point range excluding foreign exchange and incentive compensation. As for the investments we made, yes, I mean we are increasing R&D and sales and marketing resources, so R&D has gone up from 6.3% of revenue to 6.8% this year and then sales and marketing has also increased year-over-year. So we're continuing to think that that's going to improve the organic growth profile of the company.
James M. Mock: Expense, yeah. So I think it will be pretty similar to the third quarter here. So, net $14 million or $15 million that we experienced in the third quarter, interest expense and other income, that is.
James M. Mock: Yeah. No, I mean, a little bit of this was a tougher comp year-over-year. But we had softer – it was a little softer in applied markets. Industrial down 3%. Food, we had some droughts in Europe, so that took a hit. So while food was up 10% or double digit overall, in Europe it was down pretty significantly due to the droughts in the summer here. And then we had pretty tough comparisons in pharma biotech year-over-year and in informatics. So I don't think anything structural though.
James M. Mock: I think it will depend, Dan, on how much we – as Rob mentioned, we think it's going to be more of a reagent rental model. But we're really figuring that out with customers right now, and it depends on how much they'll take on instrument sales versus reagent rentals. If it's more reagent rentals, we think that's accretive. If it's instrument sales, we might have to wait a little bit until some of the samples get processed. So, it's a little tough to tell for 2019 at this point.
James M. Mock: If you're referring to the fourth quarter, Dan, I don't think it's going to be very material at all. As Rob mentioned, he said we're going to be less than $5 million. We've taken that down quite a bit. So in the guidance for the fourth quarter, it's very, very nominal. If you're referring to next year, that's a little tough.
James M. Mock: The only thing I'd add to that on the LIMS is – so that is how we work with customers from a receiving of a sample perspective. So that helps open up the intake. We still have one piece of software on our reporting system that won't be done until the first quarter, which really kind of rounds out our software implementation.
James M. Mock: Yeah, sure. With regards to the LTPP being a one-off, assuming a normal stock price increase, then it will be a one-off. If it drastically increases like it did in the third quarter then obviously we'll have an additional expense to that. But what gives me confidence is, I mean, if you look at this year, we're going to be up well over 100 basis points excluding foreign exchange. And if you look at what we posted on the website, our foreign exchange this year will have an impact of an increase in revenue of $20 million and then a $0.10 pressure on EPS. So absent that, we're in the 120 to 150 range. So assuming that happens two more years in a row here, and we have full expectations that we're going to continue to grow, then that should replicate in the next couple years. And I'd say it's driven by three things. One is the mix of businesses. So as the Diagnostics business grows faster, a la EUROIMMUN and the rest of the core, then that should have increased opportunity on our op margin line. Number two is the volume leverage. I've mentioned in the past that we don't have a lot of infrastructure that we need. We have a good base to be able to take advantage of. And three, we've got a lot of discipline around cost out. We've got a whole team, particularly on the DAS side, but also on the DX side that's working on product pare downs, different sourcing, value engineering. And so I think as we look at the margin expansion, we think it's about a third, a third, a third in each of those categories, mix, leverage and then our cost out activities that we're driving.
James M. Mock: Yes. For the year, we're expecting 15%. So in the fourth quarter we're expecting it to be north of 20% in EUROIMMUN because we've got, as we look at our order book, we think that that's what it'll deliver. So year-to-date 13%, the fourth quarter in which we expect, as I said, I think is $102 million of sales. That gets you to the year of 15%.
James M. Mock: I'll take the LIMS one. Hey, Steve. So as I've tried to mention earlier, there's really two portions to really complete our software package in genomics testing. One is the LIMS system which is up and running now. That will increase sequentially from the third quarter to the fourth quarter, the ability for us to take intake samples. And we do have a little bit of extra revenue in the fourth quarter as a result of that. But we're really not humming until the first quarter when we finalize our, what we call our ODIN system, which is really a reporting system. It's as opposed to the geneticist looking and writing out separately one by one every single sample. It's more of an automated system. So once that's really up and running, then it's kind of the flood gates open here, let's say.
