Robert F. Friel: I would say when you look at Pharma and it's difficult to characterize all the companies as sort of one entity, but I think what we see is, against the backdrop of further consolidation, outsourcing and, I would say, modest R&D spending is probably 3 or 4 trends that impact our business. The first trend and one that's probably been going on for some time is this move from a small molecule to large molecule. And so what we see is that benefits us in the area of microfluidics in a lot of for imaging products, probably puts a little pressure on the high throughput screening readers. I think on balance, it probably provides us a bit of a benefit, but I think that's a trend. Again, if you look at overall, probably a slight benefit to us but affects different product lines. There's clearly a focus on more companion diagnostics in epigenetics. I think that's another area where it sort of helps us in the microfluids in our tissue imaging and some of our reagents. And then, of course, the continued drive to outsource and drive productivity in your labs helps us in the areas of services, in informatics and in developing countries. So I think when you look at the trends that are occurring within pharma, some good and some bad, but overall, fairly positive for us with our portfolio, with the exception of, of course, we've got the RAD reagents that continue to get some drag as people move away from that.
Robert F. Friel: So again, similar to pharma, I think when we look at the academic spending, you've got to too look at sort of where they are spending it. In our assumptions, probably for the back half, is overall spending is probably flat to may be down a little bit. But more importantly, it's in the areas that we provide products for them. So particularly, we're seeing a lot of interest in some of our higher end imaging like the IVIS imaging as they're doing large molecule distribution studies. And so there's areas within academic, even though the spending is slowing down, that they're still spending in. The key is, obviously, NGS is another one where they -- looks like they're continuing to spend. And so I think the key for us is just making sure that we're in  the right places.
Robert F. Friel: No, I think it's more of the latter. I think it's just -- we continue to obviously read the headlines and view the concerns, whether it's around the capital markets or just the overall funding levels of the government. We do expect that at some point that's going to impact demand in Europe. We didn't see it in the first quarter, as you know, we didn't see it in the fourth quarter. And I would say, to a large extent, the timing of shipments that Andy talked about was not necessarily specific to Europe. I would say that was more of a global phenomenon. But Europe again did pretty well for us, but we do think, at some point, we'll see a slow down there.
Robert F. Friel: I would say we saw a pretty broad base. Our view is China was up 20% again, another strong quarter from there. So we're not seeing the contraction in the emerging markets. Brazil and South America were strong for us as well. I would say we saw a little bit of a slowdown in Eastern Europe but I think that was a comp issue as compared to economic phenomena. So our growth in emerging markets continues to be pretty much across the board.
Robert F. Friel: First of all, let me just sort of clarify, with regard to the second quarter, we're still talking about mid-single digit growth, so we're not really talking about changing that. And again, relative to the full year, we're still at a mid-single digits. So we're basically holding the guidance. I think the only thing we're saying is whilst 6% was a little better than we thought in the first quarter, we do think that Europe will slow down here a little bit. So I think that's fundamentally what we're saying is, we're not saying let's take the 6% in the first quarter and assume that continues through the whole year.
Robert F. Friel: Well, we are just saying that in our assumptions, we are assuming that Europe slows down a little bit relative to the first quarter.
Robert F. Friel: Yes, Caliper spent a higher percentage of revenue on R&D than PerkinElmer and we're maintaining that high level of R&D.
Robert F. Friel: Yes, I think that's a fair assumption. As we go into new markets, we need to build, in most cases, we're building the capacity ahead of the revenue. And so, I think, that's an investment we're making, we recognize we need to be where our customers are and sort of alluded to before, we continue to see the pharmaceutical and biotech companies move into those areas with their R&D spending. So I think initially, there will be a lower margin in those areas as we build out the capabilities. But those things can scale relatively quickly.
Robert F. Friel: So with regard to the contribution, I'll with that and Kevin's actually here, so I'll ask him to drill in to some of the performance from so a product line perspective. I think, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, if you look at Caliper in 2011, they grew and I think it was sort of mid-teens. Actually, for the first quarter, they did a little bit better than that. And the operating margins, we had stated that through the year, there was a plan that they would get to the PerkinElmer average by the end of the year, and I would say, based on the first quarter, we're actually tracking ahead of that plan but with regard to the specifics, I'll ask Kevin to comment on that.
Robert F. Friel: First of all, the Luminax assays do not really talk about improved performance, it's really just about a workflow. And what they got CE marked in Europe, as my understanding was 4 assays. I believe what they're doing in the U.S. is actually cut it down to 3 now. And so really the workflow benefit to actually do that is fairly minimal because they're still going to need one of our instruments to do IRT. So we don't really see a real challenge for that in the U.S. and just as a data point, one of the states that ran their sort of instruments has just re-upped for us for another 3 years. So we don't see a significant challenge as a result of the recent announcement.
Robert F. Friel: Yes, I don't know if I want to get into this because as you can imagine as we integrate these together, that's a little harder to trace,. I mean we can trace the revenue pretty well, but I think, as we start to benefit from some of these synergies, all I would say is that we are ahead of the plan to reach PerkinElmer's margins by the end of the year.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. So I would say you're right under the assumption that while we're seeing good progress in Caliper, they're still dilutive to the Human Health margins but we are seeing very good incremental flow through in the revenue growth. We are seeing it in the diagnostics side both on the screening because they have a tendency to be very heavily-related towards reagents. And also, in our Medical Imaging business, as Andy talked about had a very good quarter with strong growth. They also are putting a very strong incremental margins as well. So I mean I think one of the aspects of the Human Health business is and, of course, Caliper now, complements that very nicely, is those businesses have a tendency to have nice gross margins and very strong flow through on the incremental revenue.
Robert F. Friel: So U.S. was positive because like we're starting to see some recovery there in births, so we think we've now, hopefully, stabilized and actually sort of February and March timeframe, we actually detect some positive growth there from births. So we actually saw probably something in the mid-single digits in the U.S. And outside the U.S., it was probably more in the high single-digit to low double.
Robert F. Friel: Well, sort of Andy talked about had a very good quarter and it was fairly broad base so, not only on the medical diagnostic sides, which again the larger players like GE but also in the nonmedical applications and, of course, we are also seeing strong growth from the recent acquisition that put us into the CMOS technology. So I think almost across every aspects of that business, we saw a good growth in the quarter.
Robert F. Friel: No, I mean, I don't think -- we're not expecting that to be a material cost. I mean, you mentioned we've got some interesting IP in a number of areas and we just think it's appropriate that we sort of defend that. But I don't think there's going to be material litigation costs.
Robert F. Friel: Well, I would say, the one difference in the first quarter versus the first quarter in 2011 was we saw actually strength in Western Europe in the first quarter. And so again we continue to be surprised to the upside by the resiliency of the European demand, at least particularly with our product set.
Robert F. Friel: Well, I would say, I would describe it as it's stabilized. And I just mentioned the fact, in the latter part of the quarter, we saw some small uptick. I think it's probably a little early to call the turn here. But I would say, we think it's and our assumption through the year is it's going to be flattish for 2012. If we see a little bit better that, if we see some growth in the back half of the year, I think, that will provide us some upside. But we're assuming sort of flat birth in the U.S.
Robert F. Friel: So first, well, thank you for your questions and continued interest in PerkinElmer. As some of you know, last week marked the 75th anniversary of PerkinElmer. As we commemorate this important milestone, we are proud of the recognition and the tremendous contributions from our employees, our rich histories of scientific innovation and our commitment to serving our customers, which have shaped our culture over 7 decades. On behalf of our 7,000 employees, I'm excited about continuing to significantly improve human environmental health around the world and help make life better for years to come. With that, I want to thank you and have a great day.
Frank A. Wilson: We had a very strong month 3, Jon. And it was really, I've mentioned it more in conjunction with the receivable bill that we saw in the quarter. So I think we feel good about our ability to collect that in the second quarter, but there was a bit of an increase in the receivable balance in the first quarter. I think the linearity in the second quarter is probably going to be a little more spread evenly but we did see a very strong March.
Frank A. Wilson: We are assuming, Peter, that our second, third and fourth quarter European performance is in line with our expectations but not at the level we saw in the first quarter. So overall, our full year guidance, that's why it hadn't changed dramatically. And by the way, we haven't given second quarter guidance until today. So there is a -- that's new news for today.
Frank A. Wilson: Sure. Within the first quarter, we had 2 significant items that impacted the year-over-year comparisons. One was, we made a contribution to our defined benefit plan of $17 million. We also had some tax items that impacted the quarter by about $13 million. So that's really the difference between 2011, 2012. There was a little bit of a receivable build, days for both receivables and inventory were pretty consistent year-over-year. But given the  shipment linearity, we did see a bit of a build in receivables more so than we wanted. We think the first half will be in line with past years and we still believe we'll generate more than 100% of free cash to net income for all of 2012.
Frank A. Wilson: If I could just make one comment. You may recall there are contribution margins in the Caliper product line are very strong and the global footprint of PerkinElmer is really bringing in a big advantage to this overall revenue acceleration that you're seeing.
Frank A. Wilson: I think we feel like that the 75 to 100 is a prudent way to go out now. I think we had a very good performance in the first quarter. We did see some licensing revenue that probably helped us 30 or so basis points in the first quarter. I would say that we think it's going to be fairly ratably grown over the second, third quarters maybe a little bit less in the fourth. But keep in mind that we are investing in some of the longer-term productivity initiatives so there will be a little bit of a back-and-forth here. But I would say, at the end of the year, we feel pretty good about hitting that 75 to 100, and probably closer to the higher end of that range.
Frank A. Wilson: No, that was really across the board, we just saw an acceleration through the month of March. We see it every once in a while. Some of our customers actually asked for us to ship early in March just based on their buying needs. So I would probably look as we go out, it will be more normalized and the linearity will be more similar to prior years.
Frank A. Wilson: The tax rate for 25% in the quarter, adjusted tax rate. And for the year, it's 24%. So if you're modeling out, I would use 24% for the next 3 quarters.
Kevin Hrusovsky: Zarak, we actually have 3 different applications areas that have been very hot. One is NextGen Sequencing, the second is biotherapeutics and vaccines and the third is imaging. And the imaging is primarily the IVIS imagers and that grew double-digit, I'd say low double-digit. And we acquired that business unit about 5 years ago, 6 years ago. And it's really been performing at that mid-teen growth level ever since we acquired it. So it's been a really good ramp and it's been very consistent even though a lot of that is going to academia, a lot of grant writing and then there's like I think 2,400 peer-reviewed science journal articles now further support that build out. The NextGen Sequencing and the biotherapeutics were primarily microfluidics and there, we actually saw even a faster growth. We saw more like a 20% to 25% growth and primarily, we're doing sample prep in the NextGen sequencing area and we continue to build out nice quality control platforms there and we're agnostic with all the big NextGen sequencers, alumina, Life, primarily being most of the market right now. And then in biotherapeutics, we are seeing growth in academia and pharma and interestingly, it's primarily microfluidics but we also have large molecule biodistribution studies now occurring with their IVIS imagers. So those are the primary growth areas, but interestingly, you might be surprised to hear their automation also did extremely well in the first quarter from Caliper and it's primarily the linkage up with NextGen Sequencing with our microfluidics. So we sell these platforms of a combination of microfluidics and automation. So automation actually grew the fastest of all 3 segments in the first quarter. Again, very strong build out occurring in hospitals, particularly, children's hospitals for NextGen sequencing.
Kevin Hrusovsky: I think you're right on, Rob. I think the only thing that will be pretty exciting is we got these user group coming – user group meetings coming up, Dan. You remember those, and this year is going to be really credible, the first one is going to be in June. We're expecting over 600 customers from around the world, mainly PhD's and MDs. And we've got over 60 speakers, customer speakers over 2-day track and then we're going straight from there to the U.K. and there we're expecting over 40 speakers from our customers. And then from there to China. I think that's going to be one of the last major integration points because the customer base here is going to be coming from both sides of PerkinElmer and Caliper, and it's got an incredible linkage that we have built with informatics and we even had a lot of newborn dimensions to this. So it's going to be a real showcase of what PerkinElmer has got to bring to the market.
Kevin Hrusovsky: Interestingly, it's still primarily on the higher end because what you have there's a lot of folk in these core labs would buy the sequencer and then as they started to get sample flows coming in, that would then start to bottleneck to your sequencer and that's where they would move in with the automation in the microfluidics. But I should point out that the same bottleneck is going to occur with the tabletops and microfluidics really play to the hand of the smaller sample size, as well as the speed that's going to be needed for these tabletops. So I think we are well-positioned with microfluidics. In fact, I think microfluidics was overkill for many of the large sequencers. We're really well-positioned as the tabletops starts to command sample flow. And I think that's the real question now, how much sample flows going to come in and when. But we are starting to see that he's going to command and when. But we're starting to see that movement already, so we feel good for the future.
Kevin Hrusovsky: Yes, you know what? I think that the interesting part now when you merge it's as if -- I think the OpEx opportunities start to do get blurred. But the footprint of the revenue acceleration that occurs with the globalness of PerkinElmer's footprint, commercial footprint, is really going to allow us to get there sooner. So you might actually start to see this OpEx move faster. But I think, with that said, we continue to launch a lot of new innovation and that's really where we got our gross margin expansion was primarily through new innovation and when we bring that out, like you heard Rob mention earlier, the new Spectrum CT, these products command a much higher gross margin because they're bringing a lot more to the table. So I do think we're going to continue to keep pace with gross margin but I think it will be outpaced, 2/3, 1/3 by the OpEx because of the leverage that we're getting in the synergies of the merger.
Kevin Hrusovsky: Yes. Absolutely, Derik. I think one of the key points here is just, in general, how fast will Next Gen Sequencing penetrate the clinical market? And I think, certainly, the Roche Alumina situation is, in my mind, potentially a telling sign around the belief systems around NGS. We see it very much right now being utilized in children's hospitals and some cancer hospitals. And they typically will have a cap or plio-type approach and they will be looking at Sanger sequencing to correlate in a kind of a parallel lab approach. The economics and the time of answer, as well as the answers you can get by multiplexing, are very compelling for NGS. We see that as being game-changing compelling. But the real challenge I think is converting these research reports that you're getting today into medical reports. And that is an adoption challenge that you saw with Sanger sequencing, it took really quite a few number of years. What we are encouraged by, we have collaborators. We have a couple of tracks on this and investors will be invited to attend the user group meetings. But what we were encouraged by is that many of the folks that ran these Sanger labs, that were able to get medical reports and get adoption from the clinicians, are now being moved into these NGS labs, and they're actually starting with the medical report, working backward into the workflows. Now where we participate is in the sample prep, and we actually believe that the sample prep is worth so much of the variability is coming from relative to NGS. Primarily because you got the GC bias in many different issues that you have with the samples being taken from the human and getting in them into the right kind of library to go into NGS and that's where we're trying to play. And so GSPs for us was a real nice opportunity to bring informatics into the sample prep. It's both a lens system, as well as it can be an analysis system. And so now, what we're challenging our GSP's think tank with was helping us evolve this into medical reports. And we're very encouraged by -- Rob and the team have acquired 3 or 4 different informatics platforms. They have a phenomenal leader in that informatics business and we're seeing the opportunity to leverage across the informatics infrastructure to try to be the company to help migrate into more of a medical report. So we think it's got real potential starting out in these children hospitals, then we think evolving into cancer where it's more complicated. It's not medallion-type diseases, when you start dealing with cancer and I think that's where -- right now, there's more pushback from the clinicians and the pathologists.
