Robert F. Friel: So, the China blood screening business had another strong quarter in Q2, it actually more than doubled. And so we're starting to see the reagent flow-through of the instrument placements in the tender that we won in 2015.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. I would say, clearly, our Brazilian business has been hit fairly significantly there. I think it was down greater than 25%. I guess, if there's any good news, the Brazilian business is getting so small that it's becoming somewhat irrelevant, but yeah, there's been a severe impact on the newborn screening business there.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. So, similar number. I think actually for the second quarter it was around $17 million from an incremental perspective. I mentioned the fact that the Avio 200 came out really towards the latter part of the quarter, so we're excited about that. We're starting to see early traction. And then as we get into the second half of the year, some of the new products coming out of the research area just start to gain some traction. So one of the reasons I think we feel optimistic about the back half, and sort of a slight acceleration in the organic growth rate, is because of the new products and the expectation that they'll accelerate from an incremental revenue contribution perspective.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. I would say our weakness is largely more in Europe than it is in the U.S. And then again as we've tried to expand out the breadth of our medical imaging capabilities, I would say clearly on the CMOS and the industrial side, we continue to see good growth. The challenge has been really more in both oncology as well as radiology. So it's sort of limited in those areas, but outside there we continue to see pretty good growth.
Robert F. Friel: Well, yes in fact. The difference between Core Diagnostics is, it excludes medical imaging, and that was double digit organically in the quarter.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. I think what you're mentioning is, on the last call we talked about sort of the business model, and I talked about how we think through the cycle, we like to be a sort of mid single, call it 5% revenue growth or organic revenue growth, and if we were to achieve that, what kind of bottom line improvement would we see there? And we said probably mid teens. And then depending on what we did with our cash flow, whether we bought back shares or made incremental acquisitions, to what extent that would add to the EPS growth or accretion. And I think we still feel good about that model. What you're seeing in the first half of the year is sort of 3%, 4% organic growth, we're generating 12% EPS growth. So I think we feel confident if we can get the organic growth up 100 basis points or so, that we could sort of make that 15% EPS growth sort of achievable.
Robert F. Friel: So, I would say, first of all, just for just for clarification, when we talk about industrial, we're talking about a more limited subset. So we would consider food really separate, and we would consider environmental, which for us is largely air and water, would be separate as well. So our industrial is really around sort of petrochemical, chemical, very – little bit of semicon and a little bit of oil and gas, but that's sort of the majority of our industrial. And, I think if you recall, in the beginning of the year, we were a little concerned not only about the macroeconomic trends, but also in 2015, our industrial grew mid single-digit, so we suspected we were going to have a difficult comp. And so I think we modeled in something with sort of mid single-digit declines, and as I mentioned previously, we're actually seeing something that's more like high single-digit/low double-digit declines. And our indications, and the information we're looking at, would not suggest that's going to change for the foreseeable future. So one of the things we're assuming in the back half of the year is that, in fact, industrial headwinds continue as they have in the first half of the year.
Robert F. Friel: So, I think as we mentioned previously, food was very strong for us in Q2, it grew double-digit, sort of in mid-teen area. I would say that's a combination of probably three factors. One is, I think the overall market is strong and growing, and I think a lot of that is just continued awareness and media recognition of some of the issues around food. So clearly, the food companies are investing in that area. I would say the second area is, we continue to see significant investments coming out of China. So if you look at the food in China specifically, that was very strong. And the third area I think is unique to PerkinElmer, and I think the combination of the offerings we had historically in Environmental, combined with Perten and combined with Delta, and I gave an example specifically with a dairy company we're working with in China, is allowing us to better penetrate and provide some novel solutions to the customers. And so I think it's a combination of all three of those that's driving this very strong growth we're experiencing.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. I would say, as I mentioned previously, oil and gas is relatively small for us. It's a small subset of our industrial, so it doesn't really drive a lot. I think what you're – the impact on the oil price, and in fact we've seen a little bit of a decline here, I would say more recently, it's probably more just in general confidence and the impact it has on sort of the macro effect. I think there's a general view as oil comes down, it does have a dampening effect on the overall economy, at least from a business perspective. But as far as direct exposure for us, the oil and gas, it's small.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. I would say, when we look at the geographic split of our revenue growth, actually Europe was pretty good in the second quarter. I think Andy talked about sort of mid single-digit, and if you look at where the research was strong, diagnostics were strong, and the thing that sort of depressed that to a large extent was medical imaging. So we're seeing some pretty good growth already in Europe, and our expectation is we'll continue to see some good growth in the back half of the year. So I would say from our perspective, Europe has stabilized and actually picked up a little bit relative to what we saw in the latter part of the 2015 and in the first quarter.
Robert F. Friel: So, I would say we continue to be enthusiastic about the progress we're seeing there. I think as I mentioned in the past, we think we've got a terrific team. They continue to make progress on the development of the offering there. I would say the one sort of significant milestone is, what we wanted to do with the Vanadis technology was not only continue to develop that to a commercial product, but also to integrate it with some of the PerkinElmer offerings. So it uses imaging capability, and we've been able to integrate the Operetta; it obviously uses some sample preparation for the NGS side of things, and we're using chemagen. And so that's been a sort of a great win to sort of move a lot of their capabilities onto the PerkinElmer products. But we still feel on track, and probably late 2017 is when you'll start to see the product come out, with sort of KOLs and a beta, and probably be revenue in early 2018.
Robert F. Friel: Well I mean, if you look at the declines in the U.S., it was largely the industrial side that we talked about, a little bit in the sort of research area. Now as we look at the first couple of weeks of July, or at least a month of July, we are starting to see a little improvement of bookings in those areas, so we're cautiously optimistic. But I would say as we think about the U.S. for the latter part of the year, we think it probably maybe stabilizes at flat, but we are not forecasting significant growth.
Robert F. Friel: So, OneSource had another good quarter. I mean, even though it comped against a strong, sort of mid-teen growth last year, it continued to grow double digit, so we continue to see nice progress there as we've talked about in the past. We think to a large extent our differentiation revolves around not only our capabilities and proven track record, but also the analytical capabilities we have with our informatics offering. With regard to contracts, I would say at any given time we have a number of contracts that are coming through, and the back half of the year is not any different. So rather than spike out any particular ones, I would say, it's a continual process. I think we've mentioned in the past that a number of these contracts, or I'd say the majority of the contracts are sort of three-year tenure. And so in any given quarter we probably have a couple that are coming to, and we continue to be optimistic about our ability to either maintain the ones we have or win the ones we don't.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. And I think the way to think about for the full year, we're assuming that R&D as a percentage of sales goes up about 50 basis points.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah, I think that's a fair observation. And I would say not only we haven't found the right asset yet, but in a lot of instances, we're looking at what is the appropriate time to sell the asset. So I wouldn't be surprised if two years from now there's parts of PerkinElmer that probably aren't continue to be the part of the portfolio. And one of the things we're looking at is we continue to focus on the higher priority areas. We're sort of challenging ourselves on, let's say, some of the core product offerings. And particularly, to the extent that we think in order to be more competitive, it requires either greater scale or significant inorganic investment to, say, either accelerate market diversification or product diversification. And so, obviously we evaluate the potential return of those investments versus possible commitments to overdrive other areas, right? And so ultimately if we determine those investments, they'll make sense relative to other alternatives, there probably should be another owner. And to your point, I think we focused a lot of time over the last maybe 24 months in making sure that we're optimizing the profitability and the growth prospects as we own it; at some point, to take it in the next level, it probably requires a different owner who will be willing to invest more inorganically in the business.
Robert F. Friel: So, I'll take the first one. So I mentioned one in particular, we made a, call it a relatively small acquisition here recently, a company called BioScientific. Revenue for this year will probably be, I don't know, $11 million, $12 million, something like that. But we are excited about it because it brings two capabilities, it has a portfolio of NGS Library Prep kits, they go on both Illumina and Ion Torrent, they're particularly good at nucleic acid isolation, and their expertise particularly in increasing enzymatic efficiency. So we like that capability. They also bring some strong capabilities around the food area, and in a particularly in the area of detection of microbial and industrial contaminants. And we like that portfolio of assets as well. So small deal from a revenue perspective, but we're excited about the capabilities that they bring, and again, complementary with two of the higher growth areas that we've identified in the past. And we'll continue to look for those types of things. As I've said in the past, my preference would be something a little bigger, but clearly those capabilities are things that fit nicely into the PerkinElmer portfolio, and we'll continue to look for those and hopefully we'll be able to accelerate their growth and drive higher profitability.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. So, the headwinds are really in two areas, it's in radiology and it's in oncology. And on the flip side of that, we continue to see strong growth in the, I'll call it the non-medical applications, as well as our CMOS business continued to do quite well. And that's largely in sort of surgery, and increasingly going in the dental. So, those markets continue to grow nicely. Unfortunately they're not large enough to more than offset the challenges we see in the oncology and radiology area. And so to mention, I would say through the first half, we've seen sort of mid-to-high single-digit declines, and to a large extent that's what we're expecting in the back. And that is a change, because I think previously, clearly in the first quarter, we thought there it would be some moderation of the pressure, and that our expectation was that in the back half of the year that we'd get medical imaging flat, maybe growing low single digits.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. So, last year, we announced the creation of LSS, which was really taking the product business on research, our Informatics business, and our OneSource business, and combining them under one front-end structure. As a part of that, we also established a global account team, and we've been building and investing in that team for the last, now it's probably been 18 months. And if you look – I think we commented in 2015, we saw nice growth in the global accounts. If you look at the second quarter, the global accounts were up about 10%. And so it's a combination of going through our Informatics customers and introducing in the OneSource, and then vice-versa on the OneSource side, and then also to the extent possible trying to drive some product revenue as well. I would say at this point we're seeing much better cross-selling between Informatics and OneSource than we are in the product side, but we'll continue to drive that. And I think it's an opportunity down the road.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah, so we do track it, so our vitality index is in sort of the low 20s. It's been relatively flat over the last couple years. And so what's happening is, while we are adding some new products clearly into the marketplace, some of the ones from the sort of 2010, 2011, 2012 vintage, in some cases we're – very strong growers for us are coming off. So it's actually requiring us to get a fair amount of incremental growth. I think we talked about in 2015, sort of $40 million of incremental. Now our expectation is as we get sort of into the 2017-2018 timeframe, we'd like to see that into mid and high 20s. But I would say it's taken a fair amount of work just to sort of offset what was a pretty strong class of new products in the sort of 2010, 2011, 2012 timeframe.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. So, as you pointed out, India is a significant, probably 27 million births. So we talked about three pilots that we started about a year ago; two of those have moved into what I'll call active use. In addition, we have several local states that have started a newborn screen test, really looking at six disorders. We placed systems with two other states, but they haven't started their pilots yet. If you look at our diagnostic revenue in India, it was up 51%, but having said that, it was off a very small base. So we're starting to see some good traction there, but I think, as I think mentioned in the past, it's going to take some time to get that to a sort of a sizeable number, but at least the trends and the indications continue to be very positive.
Robert F. Friel: So, our approach has been to sort of both talk at the federal level, because ultimately for this to be broadly adopted, it's got to be sort of approved and suggested by the Indian sort of Federal Health Ministry, as well as working selective states. So it's really working both of those, and we've got a fairly significant effort in driving that.
Robert F. Friel: So, I think in China, we went into the year saying that we thought it was going to be sort of low double, and given the strong growth we saw in the second quarter, we've taken that up a little bit. But we haven't sort of assumed that the 20% continues. So I would say maybe we've taken it from sort of low teens to sort of mid teens. India, again because it's such a low base, I would say India we're probably in the sort of 15% to 20% range.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. Our assumption is the latter. I mean, our assumption is that it's going to be more sort of advertised or smoothly built-in. And again, because we've seen nice growth here more recently, our expectation is that we're not going to see any kind of incremental benefit from the rollout of the new five-year plan.
Robert F. Friel: No. I mentioned earlier that clearly Brazil, we've seen our business there be reduced significantly, but we have not seen any indications at this point that it's impacting U.S. birthrates. Our data would suggest that births in the U.S. are still growing in the sort of 1%, 1.5% range. But in the case of Brazil, we're seeing a significant decline.
Robert F. Friel: Great. So, first of all, thanks for the questions, and I'd just like to conclude by reiterating that we feel great about our progress during the first half, as well as the long-term opportunity to accelerate growth over the next five years. At the same time, we continue to be inspired by the terrific impact that we continue to make for our customers to improve lives and the world around us. So, thanks again for your interest in PerkinElmer, and have a great evening.
Frank Anders Wilson: To add to that, we are probably two-thirds of the way through the tender process, but there are still tenders out there. We continue to capture our fair share of those. And we continue to believe that we will be able to see increasing reagent flow through, and that obviously is helpful for the margin.
Frank Anders Wilson: Yeah, yeah, we gave guidance at the end of the first quarter for the second quarter of $570 million to $575 million, and if you look at the midpoint of the range, which is where came in, really to get to 4% organic you kind of needed to be slightly north of the midpoint. And in addition, in the quarter we had a little bit of a tailwind from FX, maybe it was $1 million, but in order to round up to the 4% versus the 3%, we really needed to be at the high end of the range. But just to kind of be clear, we're talking about $2 million, a little less than $2 million, or about 0.3 percentage point, which really swung the difference between three and four.
Frank Anders Wilson: Share count. We don't – we tend to be fairly opportunistic with our share repurchase. Our first preference continues to be around M&A, and we feel like we've got a pretty good pipeline. So as far as capital deployment, that is and will continue to be our preference. I think it's just really more it was a matter of timing, we had the Board together last week, so we elected to get it reapproved. But it is a two-year timeframe for those, and so we do re-up those. But there isn't any formalized program that is being contemplated at this point.
Frank Anders Wilson: When we initially went in to this, and we're looking at our capital structure, we really felt like we wanted to have more fixed-term debt, especially given the rates, and if you looked at the Euro rates of recent, they seemed very attractive. And so the purpose at this stage or the use of the funds at this stage is really to pay down the revolver, and if you read some of the filings we're also amending and extending the revolver, so we'll end up with about $1 billion of what I would consider fixed-term debt, the tenor of this is 10 years, so we have increased those terms by about 3.8 years in total for the two debt offerings we have out there, and that leaves us with about $1 billion on the revolver for whatever purposes we might use that for.
Frank Anders Wilson: For next quarter it's probably $3 million or $4 million on the top line and de minimums on the bottom, and I think that's probably got to be – maybe – it's maybe going to be neutral on the top and the bottom in the fourth quarter. So I would say, right now, based on the rates today, it's not much of a change from what we've seen. Obviously there's volatility, what we would update that if that changed, but as of right now, I don't see a big swing.
Frank Anders Wilson: I think that – this is Andy. The majority of our incremental R&D is going towards Human Health, and a big piece of that is with the Vanadis acquisition. That will continue. I think you're going to continue to see our R&D, year-over-year, certainly higher. This quarter we were up 2%. I think that type of level of 6% or just north of 6% will probably continue in the second half, at least that's what the current outlook is. And again, we're not focusing all of our R&D in Human Health, but a big portion of the incremental R&D spend is in Human Health.
Frank Anders Wilson: And you know, the answer to your second question, last year we saw a significant growth in our in vivo imaging business. There was quite a bit of funding that came out during the quarter a year ago, and that really was the key driver to what was essentially double-digit growth in the prior year.
Frank Anders Wilson: There really were no one-times. If anything, they had stronger operating margin expansion, but they had some higher comp expense. Their results were a bit better, so the compensation related to that was higher. So I don't think there were any unusual items. And I think we're going to continue to see good solid margin expansion in the second half, in EH. As far as incremental interest expense, we said it's going to be the impact of, it's about a penny, and we said we were going to essentially cover that with our operating results. That would be just related to the incremental interest.
