Robert F. Friel: Sure. So I would say, first of all, as the quarter played out – and I think Andy mentioned this a little bit in his prepared remarks. You know, sitting here in sort of the second week in September, we are sort of tracking pretty well to what we would ship historically during a quarter. And again, just to remind everyone, particularly on the instrument side, it has a tendency to be fairly back-end loaded where the service and the reagents, let's say our Diagnostic business, is more consistent through the quarter, but clearly the instrument business is back-end loaded. And again, probably second week in September we were sort of tracking maybe even a tad better than what we had historically seen to get to the sort of 2% growth that we had guided to. I would say the last couple weeks of September, we saw particularly on the capital side, a fairly amount of deferrals or push-backs – push-outs. And I would say, we've seen that in the past, but normally there was the ability either to pull things in or to readjust and still achieve our revenue number. And unfortunately, we were unable to do that in the last couple weeks of this September. So the real shortfall was on the capital side of things, and our sense is, in talking to some of our customers, is there was a real interest in delaying capital purchases unless it was absolutely necessary. So whether it was capacity or replacement, we did get a sense that there was some deferral in the back part of September. To your point on the geographic side, we saw that clearly in most all developed markets. The one area that continued to spend through the entire quarter was China. As Andy mentioned, China was up over 20%. And we saw that fairly broad based. But I would say, outside of China, we did see this capital-intensive side of the business definitely suffer here as we got into the latter part of September.
Robert F. Friel: Right. That's a good question. Let me just clarify one thing. So the 10% growth that you referenced on the growth businesses are really year-to-date. And so, the growth business, while they did grow, were probably more in the mid to high single-digits. Again, every aspect of our portfolio was impacted by the additional week over last year. And so that's why, to some extent we are trying to look at this over a little bit longer period, at sort of year-to-date numbers, because I think the Q3 is clearly distorted because of the extra week last year. But I think directionally your comment is correct where obviously the growth side of the business is doing very well, and we continue to have challenges on the sort of core part of the portfolio. To some extent, that was one of the reasons we moved to the reorganization. We talked about the benefits of having the clinical business and sort of the more application businesses together, and I think it does drive collaboration and it allows us to serve our pharmaceutical and food companies a little bit – the customers a little bit better. But the other aspect of it is, when Research and Environmental was separate, it was a little harder to be more aggressive on pruning some of the product lines, because as those businesses were separate we became a little bit of a sub-scale in areas like front end and some of the other areas. So I think one of the things that this reorganization does I believe, is allows us to get a little bit more aggressive on the pruning side in addition to the other benefits of the collaboration, the R&D, the manufacturing scale, and serving our customers. The other thing obviously is, we want to make sure as we prune the portfolio that we've got a great foundation to build upon. And so it was important for us to get the organizational structure right. It was important to get our operating execution right, so that again, as we make the portfolio moves that we're not as disruptive to the bottom line. We recognize as we make these portfolio moves that we will disrupt the top-line, but we're trying to do as best we can to maintain the margin expansion and the EPS growth that we've talked about. Therefore, it was important to make sure that the flow or sort of way that this was staged was to make sure that we had the organization, the operation and execution, and then we could start to be more aggressive on the pruning of the portfolio.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah, no I think that's fair because we do split food from environmental and from industrial. And so when we talk about environmental, we're talking about something in – about 10% of our revenue, and it's largely in air, water, and soil. So that's how we would define environmental, whereas food, because – as that's become a big area of focus for us, we have sort of separated that. And then we have, industrial would be – the other areas, which would be more for us, petrochemical, fine chemical, and those types of areas.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah, so the consumer business grew. Services was sort of flat to up a little bit. And of course services is probably the business that's most impacted by the week. So – of course that gets distorted a little bit as – the consumable business. And the instrument business was down sort of mid-single digits. So again, it was really more of a capital-intensive period. And of course if you look at the areas outside of Diagnostics, then you can imagine, the instruments was down even greater than that.
Robert F. Friel: Well, I would say – I think Andy mentioned it was down double-digits in the third quarter. We're not forecasting that it continues at that rate. And I think it sort of improves a little bit here in the fourth quarter, probably still be down sort of mid to high single-digits is what our current forecast. And the whole key for that business is to continue to get some new products out into the marketplace. We've got a new cassette product that we are getting out and to continue to diversify away from some of the end markets that are a challenge; I would say specifically the radiology end market. So, getting more into some of the industrial applications and some of the other areas that we are seeing some growth. But our forecast right now for Q4 would be more sort of mid to high single-digits, which, again, that would put them down for the year in that sort of range of sort of high single-digits.
Robert F. Friel: Well, newborn screening continues to do very well for us. It has a strong Q3, and if you look at year-to-date it continues to do quite well. The growth drivers are both in the developed areas, to your point, Dan, where we continue to expand the menu, and we continue to see nice traction there, as well as the emerging markets. Particularly, China continues to see very nice growth. We're seeing growth both in the birth rate, which is up fairly significantly during 2016, as well as the expansion of the menu in China. And as we've talked in the past, we continue to see opportunities in other emerging areas that have expanded. So I think we continue to feel like the newborn screening area should be a high single-digit grower going into 2017 and beyond.
Robert F. Friel: So, I would say the environmental shortfall was – again, going back to my comment, was everywhere other than China. China, we continue to see good investment in the sort of air, soil, and water. So outside of China, it was fairly broad based; it was both in the U.S.; it was Europe. It was down fairly significantly. I think some of that might be a little bit of product positioning for us, where we had scheduled to get some new products out, and while they got out, they got out late. But clearly, Environmental was in the developed areas, a headwind for us in the third quarter. With regard to October trends, I would say, we saw October trends improve up from the back half of September, but still, concerning to the point where – again, given the significant miss on the top-line in Q3, we just thought it was prudent to be sort of conservative here as we guide on the top-line for Q4. So, a little bit of improvement in October, but not, I would say significant.
Robert F. Friel: I think it's a function of the concern on the revenue. I think we still feel like we can do a good job on the operating margin, but again, because we guided conservatively on the revenue side, we just thought that EPS guidance was the prudent.
Robert F. Friel: Well, I think that – we're trying to get the portfolio in a position from a margin expansion perspective that the pruning of the portfolio will be minimally impactful on the EPS. I think it's probably difficult to say that it wouldn't have any impact.
Robert F. Friel: Now, if we turn around and say, we take the proceeds and use it exclusively to buy back shares, that's a possible way to do that. But I think right now it would be challenging to sort of say, by selling a business and reducing the revenue that it would not have any impact on EPS.
Robert F. Friel: Well, I think as we said in the past, our preference would be to continue to sort of add bolt-on acquisitions to the portfolio. Having said that, our share buyback would be determined on basically how we see the sort of size of the realistic acquisition opportunities and sort of availability. And to the extent that we think there are some realistic opportunities to improve the portfolio, I think that would be our preference. To the extent we don't see those, or that the size of those are such that we could do both, then we would buy back share. And I think we've done that in the past and will continue to do that in the future.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah, I would say with regard to inorganic moves whether it's selling or buying, it's hard to predict the timing on those because obviously it's not something that's totally within our control. I would say that's one aspect of it. I would say the other aspect of it is, as we think about making moves, and again, this would be either buying or selling, we want to make sure that to Andy's point it obviously makes strategic sense, but also, we want to make sure that we're sort of optimizing the return for shareholders. And when we think about that optimization, we want to make sure that it's both on a pre-tax and an after tax basis. And sometimes that requires transactions to take a little longer than I think we would all like. So I would say, again, that sort of speaks a little bit to the timing of it. But I would say – could we see something here in the fourth quarter? We could. But if not, we'll probably see something in the early 2017 timeframe. But again, it's hard to put specific timing around those, because it's not things that are totally within our control.
Robert F. Friel: So I would say on the blood screening, we continue to do very well there. The Chinese government has instituted the mandatory blood screening this year, and so we're seeing sort of a nice ramp up there. We continue to see strong growth, so that business continues to operate well. If you recall, in the fourth quarter of 2015 we had a lot of instrument placements and we're now seeing the revenue flow from that. So that business continues to do quite well. And we continue to feel good about our opportunities to sort of expand there. Oh, and the sample to sequencer is – I would say we have components of that today, but there's a couple areas we think we've got to sort of develop and add to. To give you a timeframe, it's probably into the sort of mid-to-late 2017 timeframe.
Robert F. Friel: No. That's a – so we came out in the beginning of 2016 and said we were looking to add $40 million of incremental revenue from new products. And what I was commenting is, based on what we are seeing through nine months, we feel like we're going to be on track to achieve that. So, it was just sort of reconfirmation of the fact that we think we'll be able to add $40 million as a result of new products that were sort of launched in the past 12 months.
Robert F. Friel: So OneSource continues to perform well. I think if you look through the year, it's up sort of high single-digits. So it continues to do well. I mean, Q3, again, because of this one-week impact, wasn't as strong for OneSource. But, again, when you look at year-to-date, it continues to do very well. And we do think that service, in general, will benefit by regrouping Research and Environmental back, because if you recall, couple years ago we sort of split it apart. And I think it has caused an issue relative to some of the areas where we don't have the density, quite frankly. And I think by putting it back together, that is one of the benefits we think we'll get from the new organization.
Robert F. Friel: Well, I tell you, I don't recall that. I recall having a discussion around $35 million in 2016 and saying we were growing at – I mean 2015 and growing at the $40 million. So we'll just have to go back and – circle back and get that.
Robert F. Friel: You know, I think it's been running in the sort of $10 million to $12 million a quarter, to tell you the truth. So I would assume it's going to be similar to that in the fourth quarter.
Robert F. Friel: So I think, to your point, we want to continue to be sort of the top player in that. I think PerkinElmer has got a good brand in analytical instruments. I think the opportunity we see of putting it together with the research is, in a couple end markets I think we'll be able to hopefully drive better coordination, particularly in the pharmaceutical area where we go call on those customers on a research – sort of drug discovery area, we think we can get some leverage. I think the service thing we talked about, I think specifically in food where we have some assets, again it – sort of we're in the research area, but are also in the historical Environmental area. So I think we should be able to continue to sort of try and be at that preeminent position, particularly in the areas of, like inorganic, materials characterization, and thermal. I think those are the areas where I think we've got a strong position and hopefully we'll continue to maintain that and grow it.
Robert F. Friel: So we – I would say we have continued to see very strong growth in China. I don't know that I could sort of attribute anything to the release of the five-year plan. I would say where we've seen it a little bit more is on the research side in areas like this precision medicine initiative, and an increased focus on food. They've come up with some new regulations on food where they are looking at the entire food chain. I would say, there I think we have seen a little bit of an inflexion, probably a positive. But Diagnostics has been strong, continues to be strong there. And I think we're well positioned in sort of several facets. We talked about newborn; that continues to do well. We continue to see very strong growth on the prenatal or the maternal fetal side. Of course, we mentioned blood banking, and then of course our infectious disease area. So I think across those businesses, I think we feel good about it. So one of the areas where we're focused on is, we are seeing increased pressure on local manufacturing of products. And I would say, to a large extent we're in a good position there, but we just want to make sure we continue to have the majority if not all of our Diagnostic products manufactured locally. So that's a big focus for us, to make sure, as it becomes more challenging, both from government tenders as well as local competition that we've got a strong capability to produce everything and fundamentally design everything in China.
Robert F. Friel: Well, we do believe some of it is timing. It's hard to determine at this point how much of it was. There's – I would say, at this point a lot of the information we have is sort of more anecdotal, right? You hear people talk about, you know, are they deferring things until after the election? Are particularly academic or government budgets on hold a little bit? So we're sort of anxious to see whether or not if that happens. But probably some of it was deferred spending until a little bit more certainty from whether it's a geopolitical or economic condition. Because we do believe some of these things are – that were sort of pushed off, will be needed or required at some point, again, whether it's for capacity expansion or just replacement.
Robert F. Friel: For us, it's probably more on the academic side than it is government. And we can tell you, the area we see it probably most acutely is in our imaging area. And for example, I think you saw virtually no S10 grants over the last 90 days, so we clearly have seen a slower funding environment on the academic side. And we saw it, as I said, again, mostly in the research area.
Robert F. Friel: Okay. So in the case in China, it's starting to vary fairly significantly. I would say if you look back a couple – maybe a year or two ago, it was either two or four. We are starting to see certain areas like – particularly around Shanghai and a couple of the large cities start to implement mass spec, so we have seen a ramp up in almost sort of a bifurcation. You still, out in the West, continue to see in the sort of two to four area, but on the East, and particularly in the large cities, you are starting to see menus now get up to sort of 15 to 20. But I would say on average, in China right now we're probably six or seven. But there is sort of a movement into higher menus. In the U.S. right now, the standard of care is 29, as you may know. We're probably in average in the States in the sort of low-40s. And then if you look in India right now, we're only testing right now. We've got four pilot programs; two of those pilot programs have moved into actual full-fledged programs, and to the most extent, of those four, they are in the sort of four to six range as far as the menu. So it varies a fair amount. Obviously, U.S. is by far the highest number.
Robert F. Friel: So the birthrates, I would say globally it looks relatively flat, and I would say similar in the U.S. for us. Earlier in the year, we were seeing a little bit of a – sort of a positive trend on rates. We've seen that come down a little bit now, and I would say that's flat. China is very strong; China has probably mid-teens growth rate. And when our people in China sort of dissect that, we think probably about 10% of that – or 10 points of that is because of the sort of change in the zodiac sign, and we think probably 5 percentage points is because of the second child.
Robert F. Friel: So I would say, to determine that precisely is hard. But we believe it's having an impact, because as we've sort of announced some of these changes, we have seen for example in the sales organization or in some product management, we have seen a little bit of turnover, not probably unexpected, and so we're backfilling with individuals there; I would say are more consistent with the strategy. But we think some of that disruption is having an impact, I would say probably more in the sales organization or product management. I don't think I can give you a exact number, but when we look at – clearly in Environmental Health, we think that had an impact.
Robert F. Friel: Sure. Okay, so if you look at – as you said, software informatics saw good growth in the quarter. Service grew, but not what you would normally expect in sort of the high single digits, I think because of the weak – one less week year-over-year, but this still grew (57:11). And we saw pressure, mostly again on the capital equipment side, so whether it was in plate readers – I mentioned the fact that imaging was down a little bit on the academic side. I think on the high content side we continue to see growth, and, of course, radiochemicals was a drag.
Robert F. Friel: Great. Well, first of all, thank you for your questions. And so in closing, let me just say, we continue to feel good about our long-term opportunities to deliver value to our customers and shareholders as we work to accelerate growth, while most importantly advancing our mission of innovating for a healthier world. Thank you again for your interest in PerkinElmer and have a great evening.
Frank Anders Wilson: Sure. Well, Steve, this is Andy. We had two things – we obviously had very strong gross margin, and we had very good SG&A leverage. On the gross margin side, we are seeing an acceleration maybe slightly faster than we had forecasted going into the quarter from our Lean initiatives. So I think, of the upside we saw in the quarter versus our guidance, about a third of that was due to productivity gains. And then the rest of that was really more mix, where we saw high growth in our Diagnostics and Informatics franchises. On the SG&A side, a lot of it was around our indirect spend initiatives. We did want to go in with a bit of cushion, so we did accelerate some of our cost controls in the quarter. I think that we'll continue to do that, and we also had some favorabilities, given the comparison last year with the five weeks – the extra week of cost. But that was probably less. So I think we'll continue to have that as a lever, and I think that was really the primary reason we saw the upside to our forecast despite the top-line decline.
Frank Anders Wilson: And I think the other piece of it, the difference between – sequentially between the third and the fourth quarter is the mix. Within the fourth quarter we're going to see more of an impact from Environmental Health than we had in the third quarter, where we saw very strong Diagnostics and Informatics revenue.
Frank Anders Wilson: So I think if you're looking at the share count for this year, we're going to be similar to where we were in the third quarter, about 110 million shares for the year.
Frank Anders Wilson: Sure. Well, I think first and foremost, it has to fit the strategic framework of the company. We also then look at, from a financial perspective, returns. We still look for greater than our cost of capital returns on deals we've made. We've been unfortunate enough to generate those types of returns on the deals that we've undertaken. I think the ones that we think we could close in the coming months will fit that criteria, and from an accretion dilution perspective it's highly unlikely we would do a diluted deal, especially in today's market. I think we really look more at our ability to generate those return on invested capital numbers.
Frank Anders Wilson: In the third quarter of this year, it was essentially zero. And as far as our expectations going into the fourth quarter, it's going to be minimal. I mean as far as incremental, we obviously get revenues periodically through the year, but as far as significant incremental changes, no. And we did talk about, last year in the fourth quarter we did have some incremental licensing revenue in the quarter. We don't expect something like that to repeat.
Frank Anders Wilson: Yeah, Isaac, this is Andy. We obviously look at the tradeoffs between M&A and buybacks as well as the timing, and if we see some of these slowing, I think we're going to generate some pretty strong cash flow. So I could see us taking some shares out of the system if the M&A doesn't come as quickly as we'd like.
Frank Anders Wilson: Well, I think that if you look at last year – our most significant quarter is the fourth quarter. For us to hit the $300 million, it's going to require some very significant working capital improvement, given the slightly lower earnings. I think the team is basically been tasked with still delivering the $300 million. I will say it's going to be a bit harder. But that is our goal, and if we can do somewhat similar to what we did a year ago, we should be very close. So, we are not coming off of it at this point. It's just becoming a little bit harder. And really that's overcoming a fairly weak first quarter of this year. So, again, we're sticking with the $300 million, but it's becoming more challenging.
Frank Anders Wilson: No, the majority – the majority is the – basically the amortization. We have that. That should be detailed in our reconciliations within the press release. But if you can't find it, let me know and I'll get that to you. It should be in our documents that are on our website.
