Robert F. Friel: Well, I wouldn't say it's off the table. I think what we're trying to do is we guide where we think is sort of realistic and achievable. And I would think about it that if we see a little bit improvement on the top line and we get a little bit better mix, I think there's a possibility we can get there. But we don't think it's prudent to sort of guide to 18%. And as Andy said, we think we can get at least 130 basis points of margin expansion this year.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. So I would say, when we reflect back in 2013, and particularly in environmental, as you know we had a lot of focus around improving our cost structure, particularly on the manufacturing side and the back office. And while I feel great about how we did relative to making all those moves from the standpoint of very minimal customer disruption, I think in hindsight, one of the areas we're probably impacted on was our ability to get innovation in the new products. And we've talked a little bit about the delay that we've seen in new product introductions, particularly in the back half of the year, and I think it impacted our environmental business. I mean, clearly, we spiked out the mass spec, slipping a little bit. And a couple of other products that we would have liked have seen get out in the latter part of the year, and we didn't. And I think that clearly impacted the growth rates. I would say the good news is, obviously, all those activities are behind us. And I think, from a management disruption perspective, we can now be singularly focused on driving growth and innovation in the marketplace. So, again, looking back, we're a little bit disappointed on the growth, particularly on the instrument side. I think service continue to do well. But on the instrument side, a little disappointing. But as I mentioned in the remarks, we're quite excited about both the market trends, as well as some of the new products and capabilities we've got coming out in '14. And that's why we're fairly confident forecasting a mid-single-digit growth for that business this year.
Robert F. Friel: Right. So, I would say, I think we sort of indicated something in the $5 million to $10 million range. So I think $10 million was probably the upper range that we talked about. I would say, when we look back on '14, we clearly did not see the headwinds that we had expected. So, as Andy talked a little bit in his comments, emerging markets continue to do well. We grew double digits in emerging markets again. So maybe a little bit of an impact, but not significant. And with regard to the government shutdown, while we didn't get everything out that we expected, it wasn't a material impact to us. I would say, relative to the $5 million to $10 million impact that we were concerned about, we think it's probably in the $2 million to $3 million range to sort of what we didn't get out in Q4, and that sort of spills over Q1.
Robert F. Friel: So, first of all, let me take In Vivo and Imaging. And as Andy mentioned, that was solid double-digit growth in the fourth quarter. So, ever since Q1, we've seen a nice recovery in that business. And in fact, it's been accelerating on a sequential basis. So, actually, if you look at that business for the whole year, despite, as you know, a very significant decline in the first quarter, we still grew mid-single-digits. And looking forward, we think the pipeline looks strong. And clearly, with the NIH budget going up a little bit and the certainty around funding being available, we think that business should have a strong 2014. Medical Imaging was a little different situation, where, obviously we knew going into '13, it was going to have some difficult comps. And what we saw in the fourth quarter is Medical Imaging return to mid-single-digit growth. So that was great to see. As we go into '14, we've got a little bit of an issue in Q1 because of some ordering patterns. So we expect Medical Imaging to actually be down a little bit in Q1. But for the full year, it'll probably be growing in the mid- to high-single digits.
Robert F. Friel: Yes, first of all, I think you're right on the blood screening. And I mentioned from the standpoint is we continue to see the traction in the market. But I think you're going to see a significant ramp-up in '15. And I think that's largely probably being driven by funding than it is market dynamics. So I would say, when I think about the overall markets on a weighted basis, it's probably in the 3% to 3.5%. And I think we should be able to drive 150 basis points to 200 basis points additional growth this year, largely through our new product introductions. And as we've talked about, probably now for 4 or 5 quarters, we have been making a number of investments in the businesses. And we think '14 will be the year where you'll start to see some of that throughout the year. I mentioned a couple that have come out now; you'll see a couple more in the second quarter and then 1 or 2 in the second half of the year. But I think that's really going to be a significant contributor to our growth. As markets sort of recover here and probably don't get back to a full mid-single-digit growth from an end market perspective until probably the latter or middle part of this year.
Robert F. Friel: I mean, I think what we talk about, on a multiyear basis, of revenue growth starting off sort of mid-single-digits and obviously trying to drive that up further. Operating margin expansion in the sort of 75 basis points, plus or minus, range. And I think if we can get 5% top line growth, we should be able to grow the bottom line greater than 2x that. So think about a 12% to 15% EPS growth off of a mid-single digit organic growth. And as I mentioned in my prepared comments, none of that employ, considers any deployment of capital. And clearly, what we'd like to do is supplement that with anywhere in the sort of 2% to 4% of additional growth through business development or acquisition activity. So, again, when we think about 2017, I'd like to be able to look back and say, 8% compounded growth, sort of call it mid-teens EPS growth. And that would be comprised of 75 or so basis points of operating margin expansion.
Robert F. Friel: No, no. I think we see a path every year. Again, with the revenue growth in mid-single-digits of getting a 75 basis point margin expansion. I think if you go back prior to '13, what you saw was something more, on average, north of 100. And I think that's because we were being a little bit more aggressive on the production side. And while Andy talked about some of the other activities we're focusing on this year, I think as we look forward, we think 75 basis points per year is probably a better average. But clearly, we'll continue to get operating margins expansion going forward.
Robert F. Friel: I think it's a couple of things. First of all, obviously getting these new products out into the marketplace because they'll bring higher margins with it. I think when you look at our margin profile in Environmental, we've talked about it in the past, we've got to get more consumables or make consumables a higher percentage of our business. So, obviously changing the mix out a little bit. And then, as I also mentioned, driving sort of the informatics and software capabilities that we have into that business as well. And I think if we can do those things, and obviously get the top line growth, you'll see improved operating margin in that business.
Robert F. Friel: Yes, I think it's fair. As I mentioned, clearly there is an emphasis on earlier detection, right? And so, clearly our capabilities and our share in prenatal and newborn are very attractive. And so we do get good looks, particularly at some of the exciting new technologies. Because in many instances, and you're clearly see this on the NGS side, that some of the early adopters will be in that portion of diagnostics.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. With regard to the mass spec, I think we feel better about the supplier issues, and so we continue to feel like it's a late Q1, early Q2 launch.
Robert F. Friel: So if you look at Q4 specifically -- let me start there. We saw it in Asia, we saw it in Europe, less so in the U.S. We believe, in Europe there was clearly a -- we got a benefit from some of the budget flush, I think. When we talked to customers there were some money available and I think they were spending that before the end of the year. However when we look forward and talk to our customers, I think the benefit we'll get going into '14 is clearly in the academic area. And that will benefit, obviously, the imaging area and some of the more capital-intensive products that we sell. And then I would say the other area, clearly, is in the informatics area. We continue to see nice order growth there, particularly in the fourth quarter we're strong. And as Andy said, while the first quarter will be a little slow, we do expect strong growth coming out of informatics. And a lot of that is going into the pharma markets.
Robert F. Friel: So I would say a couple of things. First of all, our approach in informatics is not to be necessarily focused on one type of technology or application and to be more sort of a platform. And so if you think about Spotfire, Spotfire is a visualization and analysis capability that ultimately we think will go into research, it'll go into environmental, it'll go into diagnostics. So I think that's, we believe, advantageous for us. And then, obviously, the other thing is because we have the underlying source of the data, so whether it's detection, whether it's informatics or whether it's some of our diagnostics screening tests, I think that provide us a significant advantage to better understand what the customer is trying to do. And again, it's the interaction or the inter-connectivity of having the detection and imaging, providing the informatics. And also through some of our service capabilities, understanding what our customers -- or the information and answers that our customers are trying to drive. So, again, you're already seeing a lot more activity in this, but I like our competitive advantages relative to the assets we have in informatics and also, again, the breadth of our capabilities.
Robert F. Friel: Well, I would say, we -- as I said in the comments, we're -- I would say long-term we feel good about NIPT, right? And you can see the ramp-up in the coverage has been very good. The real question is how quickly the payers and the payment occurs. And one of the things that -- we look back even at our NTD business and the biochemical screening, and it does take a couple of years for that test to ramp up and to beget a sustainable reimbursement rate. So I think that's the question for us. It's being adopted. Its being sort of picked up by contract. But I still think it's going to take a little while before you'll see consistent, repeatable reimbursement.
Robert F. Friel: Yes, I mean, I think -- we're in those discussions now. And I think I mentioned a couple of weeks ago that we've seen an increase in China now. It's, on average, going from 2 to 4. There's actually some provinces that are doing 6. And we're actually in some discussions that are actually doing some things around mass spec. So we're clearly seen in China. I think in Europe we're quite excited. We just got the skits test that we deployed in the U.S., now CE marked. So we're in discussions with a number of countries there. So as we said in the past, these things never go as fast as we would like. But we are in a number of dialogues where we think we'll continue to see good movement on the menu expansion. And hopefully we'll see some, maybe, step moves here in 2014.
Robert F. Friel: I think OneSource is having and will continue to have an impact on that. And one of the clear synergies that we saw with, for example, CambridgeSoft is they had relationships with some companies where we weren't as significant on the OneSource side and vice versa. So I would say, over the last year, we've been averaging those. I think we've got good synergies on that. And now, with the Asset Genius and a couple of other products that we've evolved from the informatics side, I think we are seeing good traction. And we have a number of customers now where we're in beta test with some interesting informatics capabilities that sort of supplement what we do or complement what we do on the OneSource side.
Robert F. Friel: So first of all, I would say OneSource continued to do well in the back half of '13 and had a good sort of mid-single-digit growth in the fourth quarter. And so while clearly you see some of the large pharmas, like Merck, restructuring. At the same time you're continuing to see other pharmaceutical companies recognize the benefits of outsourcing some of their noncore activities. In addition, even with our existing customers, as we mentioned, whether it's informatics or some of the other capabilities that we've developed, we continue to win new business with existing customers. So I think the combination of new customers starting to outsource more of their non-core work, as well as getting more business with existing customers, we still think OneSource can grow sort of mid- to maybe high single-digits in '14.
Robert F. Friel: Yes, so I would say, first of all, from an R&D perspective, we want to continue to keep our R&D at least at the same level as revenue, as a percentage of revenue, and maybe increase that a little bit. There are some technologies that we're focusing on to sort of expand our capabilities, particularly in the imaging area. You mentioned pathology. I think the exciting thing about the new product, the scanner, is it's being added to a growing range of what we would refer to as quantitative pathology solutions. So we now have a reagent of protocols for staining. We've got imaging instrumentation. We've got analysis software. So that's an area that we think will provide a nice growth. As you point out, we are investing in the channel there, bringing in some additional capabilities there. And I would say, incrementally, in some of the emerging markets, we're looking to add sales and distribution capabilities. So sort of at the next level now beyond the BRIC. So, South Africa, Turkey, some of the Middle East, some of the areas of Eastern Europe. So that's the area of where we're investing, where we see nice opportunities to grow.
Robert F. Friel: So first of all, in the China diagnostic area, that's an area where we have been investing fairly significantly, probably since the 2012 timeframe. I think we now have over 100 engineers in our Diagnostic business based in China. And so we'll continue to invest there. I think the opportunity for blood screening, longer-term, could be quite significant, probably in the $30 million to $40 million per year. That may take a couple of years to ramp up. But I think that's -- when you look at the amount of screening that's done in the U.S., the potential for China is could be quite significant. And then, of course, India, I think is another area where we think we want to leverage what we're doing in China and move that into some of the other emerging markets.
Robert F. Friel: So let me start off with the first question. So if you look at Q4 specifically, the Caliper businesses all did very well. I mentioned In Vivo, Microfluidics had a good quarter and the liquid handling portion associated with NGS. I think they all were probably high single, low double. If you look at the year, probably a little disappointing relative to the original model. But I think a large reason for that is just because, obviously, when we bought Caliper, we did not assume we were going to see the academic funding issues that we saw, particularly in the first part or the first half of 2013. But overall, if you look at a couple of years, I think we feel good about the returns and we feel good about the traction we're getting in the marketplace. And probably most importantly, the synergies that we've been able to drive by taking some of the Caliper products and combining it to what we've done historically at PerkinElmer. So I think we feel good. Going forward, again, the Microfluidics work, we continue to move that into other applications. So we've got an interesting product coming out probably a month that'll be more focused in the diagnostic area and to leverage what we do, obviously, in that area. I mentioned the fact that In Vivo was strong, and I think you're going to see a good pipeline in that in 2014. And we continue to believe there's an opportunity in Next Gen sequencing sample prep at the sort of higher volume end. And I think that's clearly where we see the opportunity continue to play and continue to work the synergies with that in our informatics back end.
Robert F. Friel: So, first of all, I just want to say, while I think Andy mentioned that there's sort of a bias in Human Health, there are a number of opportunities we're looking in the Environmental Health area. Because we think, particularly in the area of, let's say, air monitoring and food, there are some nice growth areas there. And we think we've got some good capabilities to pursue those. That's one. The second thing is, increasingly, when we look at the core capabilities of PerkinElmer, like informatics, like imaging and some of the other things we do, we see applicability, both -- across both areas, Environmental and Human Health. So I would say unlikely that you would see a situation where we would split. If anything, we'd like to great greater synergies across the businesses. So when you think about the new mass spec coming out, that's going to have applicability in the environmental end markets, but we ultimately would like to see that also going to the Human Health. So the core capabilities around detection, imaging and informatics has applicability across -- whether its research, diagnostics and environmental. And I think, over time, you're going to see us continue to leverage that and gets benefits from the broader market opportunities.
Robert F. Friel: So Japan has continued to improve sequentially since the first quarter. And I would say, slight benefit. We do you think in 2014, we'll see a more of an impact from that. But Japan, I think for the year, is in the low to mid-single-digit growth. And again, given the difficult first quarter, that was pretty good improvement.
Robert F. Friel: Yes, I mean, the one thing we mentioned in gross margin, and we spec this out in the prepared remarks, is the investment in informatics goes into gross margin. So while Andy talked about the productivity savings we're seeing, and we do expect to see gross margin improvement in 2014. That has a little bit of an offset as we continue to build-out, and that will be an area of investment in informatics. That does cause a little bit of an offset to what otherwise would be, I think, fairly significant gross margin expansion in '14.
Robert F. Friel: No. I mean, that'll be probably be difficult for us to see it based on the newborn or prenatal area. But I would say no, nothing that I would say would be significant.
Robert F. Friel: I think we're monitoring it. But if we look at Q4, as I mentioned, it continued to do well, and the ordering pattern, at least in the sort of pipeline and discussions with customers. At least in the areas where we're focused, which is fundamentally Environmental Health Care we're not seeing that. But it is something we're keeping a watchful eye. I think we mentioned in the prior call that, obviously, when you see the currency devaluations that you've seen in a number of these countries, that the initial impact of that is products that are based fundamentally in dollars become significantly more expensive. And we have seen a couple of countries, obviously, Turkey and, et cetera, that have taken fairly aggressive actions from interest rate to try and offset that. But that is something we're keeping a careful eye on. But I would say that up to this point, we haven't seen anything that it indicates that its impacting our business directly.
Robert F. Friel: Let me just talk little bit about the Radiometric Detection business and the Radio Chemical business. So the Radiometric Detection business actually had a good fourth quarter. It's been fairly lumpy, obviously we had some issues in the first quarter. I think that's a business that can probably be flat to down slightly. We continue to come out with -- in 2014, potentially a refresh of that product line, and so we'll have some expectations. The Radiochemical business continues to be down in the sort of mid-to high-single digits. Again, we've seen that slow down a little bit. But our expectations for '14 that, that will continue to be a headwind relative to the growth of the Research business.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. So both of them, I think, should have strong growth in 2014. So if you look at the newborn business we're anticipating. That's probably going to be in the high single-digit growth. And it's fundamentally -- the couple of drivers that I mentioned about before, we're going to -- we expect to see continued adoption in some of the countries, and we expect to see menu expansion. The other thing is, if you look in China in 2013, births were down about 15%. And what caused that phenomena is, in 2012, you had the Year of the Dragon. And in 2013, you had the year of the Snake. And so what we expected is, in China, you'll see a rebound of births to a positive number. And again, that should be a contributor. And then of course, of the last aspect of it -- although we don't think it's going to be huge driver is, obviously, the relaxing of the one child policy in China will also be a contributor. In the case of infectious disease, that's a business that's consistently grown in the sort of high-teens to over 20% for us. And we would say, we think that's going to continue to be a strong grower. It may moderate a little bit. But I think it's still going to be something in the sort of mid- to high-teens growth for us.
Robert F. Friel: Okay, great. Well, first of all, thank you for your questions. So let me, in closing, just say we entered 2014 optimistic about our end markets and enthusiastic about our capabilities. We look forward to leveraging opportunities this year to deliver differentiated value to both our customers and our shareholders. Thank you for your continued interest in PerkinElmer and have a great evening.
Frank A. Wilson: Okay. And specific to Asia Pacific, Southeast Asia, we did actually see that return to modest growth in the quarter, primarily from SEA [ph].
Frank A. Wilson: Well, as I said in my prepared remarks, we're entering 2014 with about 100 basis points of margin expansion. It's a bit north of $20 million of cost. Some of this is the annualization of some of the restructuring activities with the second quarter. And we had completed the 3 major projects in '13, that we've been talking about over the last couple of years. I think as we look into '14, we obviously have leverage off the incremental volume. We also have a couple of the areas that we've talked about, that we're just beginning work on, which is really around our go-to-market strategy. And I think there are some real opportunities there, as well as our investment in indirect spend. We have consolidated all of our purchasing onto one ERP system. That affords us the ability to look across the corporation at our spend. And our indirect spend is actually almost the equivalent of our direct spend. So it's a fairly significant number, north of $400 million. And we believe that there's a lot of opportunity to consolidate vendors, really drive pricing, savings, as well as better terms. So not only should it help us on the bottom line, but it should also help us in working capital. So I think the combination of those with the volume leverage, we feel like we have, potentially, some additional upside. Those are the key areas we'll be focused on in '14.
Frank A. Wilson: This is Andy. But, no, we did not. We'll see a full impact to that in the first quarter of this year. There were still some carryover. And really there's no carryover expense. There is some remaining restructuring carryover that'll hit our cash flow, that'll go through '14. But from a profitability perspective and a return, that'll hit in the first quarter of this year.
Frank A. Wilson: Sure. Within the guidance is an assumption of mid-single-digit growth. It's also mid-single-digit growth on the services side as well. And again, a lot of that's driven by the new products we've talked about, as well as just general market conditions.
Frank A. Wilson: Sure. Well, I talked about some items at the beginning -- or at the end of my prepared remarks, rather -- and we had some compensation headwinds and some benefit funding that's really more first quarter specific. Some of the competition headwinds will continue through the year. That's a piece of it. As you realize, our comps in some cases is tied to the share price, and the share price has gone up. So that has created a headwind. And in addition we had a lower payout in '13 than we are currently assuming in '14. Currency for the year is minimal, top and bottom, but in the first quarter it's about $0.01 on the bottom line, and it's specifically the Japanese yen. We had very little expense in Japan to offset the revenue FX change. And then, really, the third thing is the mix of income. Because of customer ordering patterns, med imaging, as Rob mentioned, will be softer in the first quarter, as will informatics. And that's the third piece I think. All in, those 3 pieces are about $0.04 to $0.05 of headwind on the quarter.
Frank A. Wilson: Yes. I think right now, we have said we're going to hold our share count flat. I think, obviously, we have the opportunity to do something different. We're still working with Moody's on our credit rating. So we've been on the negative watch. So hopefully that will get behind us at some point. But I think M&A is really our primary focus, it will continue to be. There's a number of, what I would consider, attractive bolt-on and tuck-in transaction, really, across the portfolio. Maybe a few more in human health. But I think that's really probably where you're going to see most of our capital deployment in '14, and actually in '15 as well.
Frank A. Wilson: Well, I think we've said all along that we feel like we can get almost an equivalent amount on the gross margin, on the operating margin. If you look at the initiatives that we had last year, the move to Asia, primarily Singapore and China, was really to drive supply chain savings. There are some labor arbitrage. That we will see, I think, ramp over time, as we build out the supply chain there. So it's still early days. So I think that the mix going into the year will be probably a little more skewed towards the SG&A side than on the gross margin side, but we should see improvement in both. And I think that gross margin will start to ramp up as we start to really make progress on the product side.
Frank A. Wilson: That's right. The accounting treatment does put it into cost of goods versus -- traditionally it would be put in R&D or SG&A.
Frank A. Wilson: Yes, I think part of that is due to the product set, the offering that we bring over there. And if you think about diagnostics and environmental tools, I mean, those are kind of critical needs right now within emerging markets. So as far as prioritization, we feel a little better about their ability to prioritize that spend maybe versus others. But we'll continue to monitor it.
Frank A. Wilson: Sure. Why don't I take the first question, and Rob will take the second question. On free cash flow, we always try to shoot for 100% of net income. We've obviously made some investments as a part of our productivity initiatives and working capital, as well as with some of our informatics. And I think that has impacted our cash flow. But I think those are behind us. I think I said in my prepared remark, we have about $87 million of cost in the year that we won't see next year. So I think we're going to be in that solid 90% free cash flow to net income range. In 2014, I think the difference will be our ability to generate more working capital improvement to get to 100%. But we still have some restructuring that is a carryover from some of the productivity initiatives we had in '13 that will dampen that a bit. But I think, if you look at operating cash flow, we talked about close to $160 million. We're looking at closer to $300 million going into 2014, it's operating, not for EBIT. A fairly significant improvement year-over-year.
