Jamey Mock: Sure. Yes. Hi, Dan. So the operating margin assumption is in the high 20s, let’s call it, 27%, 28% overall. And much of it is due to mix. Well, obviously, we’ve got COVID going away at relatively high margin rates, and then growth in the core and M&A coming in at still 40% plus incremental, so that overall gets you to the 27%-ish operating margin rate. And in terms of driving productivity, I think it’s everything that we’ve always been talking about. We’ve got a lot of programs going on, both with our procurement teams, with new product introductions and reconfiguring everything that’s going on with services acceleration. And then to your point, we did make a lot of investments over the last year. We took some of the COVID products, the profits to invest in the future and things like R&D, in selling and marketing, digital and information technology and people. And so those will more normalize as we head into 2022. And so we feel confident that 27% is achievable here.
Jamey Mock: Hey Vijay, there’s a lot in there. So, I don’t think it should be a surprise the 6% to 8%. I think we’ve been saying, look, the base business before our acquisitions could grow 5% to 7%. And we said that by 2023, we’d be high single digits. And along the way, in 2022, we’ll have a lot of these acquisitions come in throughout the year. And that’s the first part of the step up. In fact, on a pro forma basis, with our acquisitions, we are actually high single digits with this guide. So the 6% to 8% is just BioLegend coming in, in the fourth quarter, several others coming in the first through the third quarter. So hopefully, it’s not too much of a surprise. And I think just generally speaking, as we step back from it, I think the end market seems strong. I mentioned our backlog is strong. We’re not expecting a lot of the backlog to flush this year. Pricing has an upside lever to it as well. But the difference between the 5% to 7% and the 6% to 8% is really all in DAS or the same thing on a pro forma basis. If you go back, we said DAS could be mid-single digits in the past and the Diagnostics could be high single digits. DAS is now moving to mid-to-high single in this guide. And on a pro forma basis, it is a high single-digit guide. So overall, I hope it’s pretty consistent with what we’ve been guiding people over the next couple of years.
Jamey Mock: Yes, Q4 came in right as we expected, Vijay. BioLegend overall still hit $320 million of revenue for the year and was up 33% versus the prior year.
Jamey Mock: Hey, Dan. So a big portion of our business, as you know, is on reagent rental. So to the extent that they are coming up for renewal, we can affect those. But much of our business is under two-year, three-year, five-year contracts. Otherwise, though, historically, pricing has been, we’ve called it less than 100 basis points, maybe 50 basis points. And while we don’t want to guide specifically or I would say exactly what our pricing power will be, it’s going to be, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, substantially more this year. And we’ve been having conversations with our customers, our commercial team, as I’ve mentioned in the past, there doesn’t seem to be a lot of pushback. So, we feel confident in having a lot more pricing power this year to the extent that we can affect it in certain contracts.
Jamey Mock: Yes. I would say it’s a small – the supply chain issues, Dan, were a relatively small component of our backlog growth. So to put that into perspective, our backlog is up 50% year-over-year, and it’s the strongest it’s ever been. So yes, supply chain played a small role in that, supply chain pressures and push out that is. But overall, the demand on all the end markets is extremely strong, both instruments and consumables are up substantially, so not a huge impact on backlog.
Jamey Mock: Hard to say, Derik, at this point. I mean, I think, overall, the value proposition of our products is quite strong out there. So you would hope that much of this sticks and remains moving forward.
Jamey Mock: Yes. Catherine thanks for the kind remarks. I would say COVID has pretty fairly high incrementals. So without giving specifics, we have been saying its north of the Diagnostics gross margins, not a lot of extra selling cost to it. So I think that should give you some math in terms of what an extra $100 million could be. It could be $50 million to $60 million of operating profit and then tax effective. It does come with a higher tax rate. Most of the jurisdictional incomes are a little bit higher than where we play and where our mix is. So hopefully, that gives you a little bit of color there.
Jamey Mock: That's right. Yes, it will remain in the first quarter here. To your point, we've taken that into account in our guidance. But I would say the lockdown impact as opposed to supply disruption impact is maybe 1/3 to 40% of that overall number. So call it one point to 1.5 points.
Jamey Mock: Yes. So it has been growing nicely. It's coming off a relatively easy comp in 2020, Josh. So – but as we've mentioned in the past, we've done a lot with our food business, and it's really comprised into three areas: our food safety business, which is doing extremely well, particularly in China with our Meizheng business; food quality, we’ve had some historical issues, but I think we’ve started to write the shift there; and then cannabis, which, as you know, was significant in the year 2019, which is why the 2020 numbers looked pretty rough. So overall, I’d say there’s signs of life in cannabis. I would say food safety is doing extremely well. Food quality is doing well. And overall, for the year, grew mid-teens, I think. And I think as we head into 2022, we’re very confident. So we’re going back to our historical guide of, say, 6% growth in food. But I think there’s plenty of reasons why there could be upside there. And in terms of backlog, yes, we had the backlog grow in our food business as well. It too was impacted a little bit by supply chain. So it was both supply chain pressure plus demand increased our backlog in the food business.
Jamey Mock: Yes. So China has been extremely strong for us. I think for the year, it did 20% or 24% growth, something like that. And that was obviously off an easier comp in the year 2020. But as we head into 2022, we’re thinking high single digits. So we are still factoring in some concerns around COVID, and particularly, in our EUROIMMUN business. As you might remember, Diagnostics makes up a large portion – a larger portion of the mix in China. So reproductive health and the birth rate pressures that we’ve seen in China dragged that down kind of in the high single digits versus historically, we’ve been seeing double digits. So in this guide, we’re thinking high single digits overall, Josh. Life Sciences has been extremely strong. Applied Genomics has been extremely strong. But as a percentage of the overall business, it’s a little bit smaller.
Jamey Mock: Yes. I would say two things. Josh, remember in our Diagnostics business – or sorry, Jack, there’s two things. In our Diagnostics business, EUROIMMUN obviously plays a big role. And when we saw Omicron lockdowns affect the month of December, we started to have a pretty dramatic impact, some in autoimmune, but largely in other infectious disease and allergy, which is a big portion of the EUROIMMUN business over there, number one. And then number two, supply chain still affected our business over there. So the global applied backlog, global food backlog, global Life Sciences backlog, every region was impacted as a result of that. So we saw it both on the Diagnostic side, as well as some of the instruments on the DAS side.
Jamey Mock: Yes. I mean, I don't want to give too Patrick, but I would say it's material particular to the businesses where we sell instruments. And that's now 20% to 25% of our overall revenue, just to put that into perspective. So if we're $5 billion, $1 billion, $1.5 billion is what we're talking about here. And instruments provide good visibility and I think consistency in our ability to meet what we say we're going to do here. So I'd say it's a relatively high portion of that overall segment. On the consumables side, that's much more flow and even though the backlog did increase, like I mentioned, that just already has some level of consistency to it. So I don't know. That's a little bit more color, but I think that level of backlog affords us the visibility to consistently execute what we say we're going to do.
Jamey Mock: Yes. So like you said, Patrick, this is not a cost synergy play whatsoever with BioLegend. We plan to continue to invest in the business. And we did say, yes, operating profits is in the high-40s. I think they can continue to tick up as they get more volume leverage for sure over time. So nothing has affected our overall 50 to 75 basis points beyond 2023, and BioLegend fits into that. I'd say as we look at 2022, commercial synergies is what we're looking at. We've mentioned five years out; we could have $100 million of annualized. And so I don't think it will be a perfect linear $20 million in the first year, it might be half that from a synergy perspective, but I think the teams are already working together. There's been a lot of training sessions, a lot of different discussions around how to execute, how to quote, et cetera. And then on the innovation side, I think that's what's more exciting. I mean, Peter Brighton Smith talked about Oxford and being able to use some of their antibodies, and we're starting to look at that. But we and Prahlad mentioned we had our summit recently. I think if you look at the innovation side, wrapping not only Biogen, but Nexcelom, Oxford, SIRION, Horizon, we have some serious plays be able to make a difference in cell and gene therapy, our continued discovery business, more on the biologics, as well as Diagnostics. So I think the technology and innovation play is probably more exciting in the longer term.
Jamey Mock: Yes. Hey Matt, so I still think there's a large amount of opportunity in the DAS business for margin expansion. You mentioned OneSource, so I'd say that's number one. And we've talked a lot about everything we're doing around services and software that we invested in. I would say Life Sciences as a whole also has a lot of leverage. So as we grow the volume there, I think you have additional upside on the leverage line for life sciences, in particular. And then analytical or applied markets, I mean, I've mentioned a lot about how we're trying to redesign the products? How we're trying to sell more consumables? So I think all three of our end markets, food as well, all have opportunity. And I would say, generally speaking, we're probably in the third or fourth inning, maybe to use a baseball analogy here. So I still think there's plenty of runway in the DAS business.
Jamey Mock: Yes, on a pro forma basis, Matt. This is 68% of the revenue of DAS that's going here. So I think that helps for sure. And that's really what's moved from mid-single digits overall to on a pro forma basis, DAS had a high single-digit overall organic growth perspective.
Jamey Mock: Totally agree. Two things, one clarification, Matt. So we didn't say APAC birth rates have normalized. In fact, China continues to be a significant drag, it was in the U.S., we saw some inflection points, perhaps, I wouldn't call it an inflection point yet, but maybe there's signs here, as well as certain parts of Europe. So that's clarification number one. We're still banking on the fact that China has been going down, to Prahlad's earlier point. At some point, it should hit bottom. And then the second thing is just to reemphasize, what Prahlad said. I mean, even if you look at our two year stack in reproductive health to your point, we've been able to offset significant declines in birth rates. On a two year stack basis, we are low single digits. So we're already doing what you said. And then if you add to it Vanadis, like Prahlad said, that gets you back into the 5% to 10% range. And if birth rates normalize, that's only upside to this as well.
Jamey Mock: I would just say, I mean – I agree, we don't play a lot in bioprocessing and self-culture. I mean, a small degree in Horizon to some point. And I think we see a little bit of prospects there.
Prahlad Singh: Yes, Dan. I think our assumption going into – as you pointed out, EUROIMMUN has always been a double-digit grower, and our assumption is that it will continue to be B1 in 2022 and beyond. I think the only caveat I will say, and I mean a lot of that obviously is dependent on what happens with COVID. There are severe lockdowns, and obviously, EUROIMMUN takes a backseat. But assuming, as we have assumed, that things will start to normalize into the second half of the year, that will be a double-digit grower.
Prahlad Singh: And just to add to that, Vijay, this is probably another proof point that we are on our way to the high single digits growth that we said for 2023. As you recall, three weeks ago, we said at the JPMorgan conference that we will be 7% to 9% in 2023. I think our story that of being in the midst of the transformation is over. Our transformation is completed, and we are starting to see the benefits of what all the hard work that has gone on over the past two, three years. So, I think moving forward, as we move into 2023 as a high single-digit company, this is the next step in that direction.
Prahlad Singh: And we’ve said $380 million for the year. That’s consistent and strong. Well, I think to your bigger question really, Vijay, that you asked. I think the way to think of it is that for us, and both Jamey and I have pointed out, 26% is just a midpoint into our journey as we continue to transform the company. This has really changed. We are now better equipped to overcome cyclical or other challenges. Essentially, if Diagnostics and Life Sciences is 80% of our business. I think that’s the piece that – and I continue to communicate to you guys that this is a company that is now going to be a high single-digit growth company, which is going to deliver margin in the late 20s. And we are at a point where essentially, you know what we have forecasted for the next 24 months. If you look at what we have pointed out for 2022 and we just pointed out where 2023 will be for us at JPMorgan. So, I think, I couldn’t be prouder of the story that we have. We are sitting here to communicate on behalf of our 16,000 employees today.
Prahlad Singh: Sure, Derik. I mean, I think as I've mentioned, we are sort of trying to stay away from providing numbers and how many units we are installing. But as I have pointed out earlier, we have a very strong pipeline. We've started shipping equipment and instruments, and we are doing a lot of validations across several sites. I think our expectation, I would say, that from a commercial perspective, that we'll double our volume in 2022. But I think more importantly, it was the fact that you pointed out around some of the other players. And I think there has been enough information out there around the press that sort of validates our product segmentation that we were trying to do with Vanadis when we launched it, i.e., provide OBGYNs and our customers with a solution that is easy to put into action and implement. And more importantly, it focus on what matters, which is 13, 18 and 21. And I think you have seen hopefully enough news and articles around that, that helps validate that assumption that we made going into with Vanadis. And I think it's going to be a big driver for us to be productive health into mid-single digits.
Prahlad Singh: Absolutely great question. If you are going to do $5,000 to $10,000 per test, it's $100 per test versus what you get from NGS, which is several hundred dollars.
Prahlad Singh: I think, Jack, more importantly, if you just look at the macro factors for China for us, that continues to be a growth market for us. That’s not going to slow down. If you look at the – one of the bigger challenges for us for some time, as you know, has been the birth rates. I think it’s going to, hopefully  the government is putting enough incentives, and our hope is that as the party meets again in August this summer, they are going to put more incentives into play for people to have kids. So either from immunodiagnostics, and as Jamey pointed out, Diagnostics is a big piece of our play there. That market is not going to slow down. And we haven’t seen any impact as such that it would.
Prahlad Singh: Yes. I mean, I think there are three questions in there, Jack. In terms of our ability to do M&A, in terms of the timing on that, and in terms of the space, right? So I think we both said pretty clearly that I think our focus right now will be on debt repayment and ensuring that we get back to the leverage that we are comfortable in, as we've pointed out. So once we do that and once we get to a position where we do M&A, you will see more of it in the spaces that we have played recently. In the Life Sciences segment, if there are any holes in our portfolio, we'll continue to fill that and bolster that. And on the Diagnostic side around infectious diseases. As you know, we've now got a significantly large installed base of new customers, and we need to fuel that engine. So similar to what you saw with Oxford around tuberculosis or with ideas around endocrinology, we will continue to bolster our portfolio on assays on the Diagnostic side.
Prahlad Singh: Yes. And Patrick, just to add to that, I think the benefit that BioLegend brings short-term or near-term, as Jamey pointed out, the revenue synergy is an obvious 1 as we expand it into geographies where they don't play a role. But I think mid- to longer term, the opportunity that BioLegend gives us is that it gives us several shots at the goal. It's not just 1 shot. It's on the Diagnostics side, whether it's with EUROIMMUN or Oxford, and it's on the Life Sciences side, whether it's with Cisbio or Nexcelom. So the benefit that BioLegend gives us is that it gives us opportunity to realize the product synergies and technology synergies with several of our businesses rather than any one or two.
Prahlad Singh: Yes, there are two levers to it, right? Obviously, one that you're talking about, Matt is the geographic expansion that we would be able to offer in place. But also the recent new NPI launches that we have had from a menu expansion perspective, whether it's around DMD, around SLA, around X-ALD, as they start gaining traction and as more and more states for example, in the U.S. and in Europe start adopting those that will help. But I think the biggest driver for reproductive health in 2022 and beyond is still going to be Vanadis. And I think as Vanadis gains traction, as it gains adoption, that is the needle mover that to bring reproductive health back into the mid-single digits.
Prahlad Singh: Yes. I mean Max I think BioLegend has had very good partnerships with Cytek as you are saying, the next genomics and several companies. And I think that's going to continue. There's no reason that's going to stop. But I think the one that you are pointing out that's in its initial stages and it's just beginning. So it's tough to sort of give any quantification or any more certainty around that. But obviously, it's a natural fit with the flow of cytometry Instrument Company, and that's the opportunity that they are trying to leverage.
Prahlad Singh: Thank you, Operator. In summary, this is a very exciting time for PerkinElmer. In many corners of the company, we are moving the needle, both in science and health care and we are pursuing important external collaborations that we've talked about today. With the global health care networks, governments, organizations and most reputable partners, key opinion leaders and influencers across our markets, but more importantly we feel like we have built a greater sense of purpose, energy and team work. I'm confident that 2022 will be an exciting year as we have all the pieces in place to drive towards our vision of being a champion for growth. Thank you for your time this evening, and have a great evening.
Derik De Bruin: Hi, good afternoon. I wanted to follow up on Dan's question. So across the Life Sciences industry, everyone is talking about just gaining share and not everyone apparently can gain share. I mean, is it just that the fact that the markets are much stronger than they have before and we're sort of the next level of demand versus everybody claiming they're taking share from maybe else? I mean, I'm just trying to understand the dynamics because the growth for most companies is doing a lot better, and we're sort of that – you would think that a lot of catch-up spending is done. So it's more of a commentary on the broader end market outlook that you're seeing. And then it goes to the next point on this one is like how sustainable is this? I mean, are we in a new – is the market is now 4% to 6% growth where they were historically particularly in the DAS segment? Thanks.
Derik De Bruin: Thanks. And the pricing gains that you're seeing, I mean, do you expect those to be sticky in 2023? I'm just wondering, is there some deflation at some point where you have to give price back.
Derik De Bruin: So we hadn't heard you guys talk about Vanadis in a while, but would love sort of like an installed base update, how you're competing against some of the NGS players? Just sort of a little bit deeper in that one. And sort of what can that contribute to the reproductive health business, and then I'll get off.
Derik De Bruin: And what's the price point of Vanadis test versus an IPT, and I really have done –with the sequencing based on IPT.
