Robert F. Friel: So for us the industrial end-market was down in 2016 sort of depending on whether it's Q4 or the full-year somewhere between 3% to 5%. And I think, as we mentioned in the beginning of the year, we experienced strong growth in the industrial market in 2015. If you recall, I think we were up mid-single-digits, so we actually anticipated industrial being sort of flat to low single-digits, but I would say we were disappointed by the fact that we ended the year actually down, like I said, sort of in the 3% to 5% range. I think part of that was market, part of that was execution on not getting a couple of new products out, particularly in the back-half of the year, as we would have liked and so consequently, I think that that cost us a couple of points of growth. As we think about 2017, we're forecasting industrial to grow low single-digits, and I would say that's not as much of a market phenomenon, although I would say we are seeing some early indications that that market is improving, but we attribute the improvement in 2017 more to our own execution from the perspective of getting the new products out. One of the products that actually slipped was the NexION, which is a new ICP-MS, that was actually launched two weeks ago. So we feel good that got out in the marketplace and it's getting good receptivity in the market. So I would say for 2017, we're anticipating an improvement in industrial growth, but the majority of that should come from our own execution as compared to the market.
Robert F. Friel: So as I think about the move from call it 2% in 2016 to 4% in 2017, the majority of that is going to come from, like I said, execution and getting our new products out. So we talked about 2016 of a number of around $40 million. I would say, we probably at the end of the day, fell a little bit short of that. I would say we felt pretty good clearly through the first nine months, but, as I sort of alluded to before, in the back half of the year we had a couple things slip. Two particular products, one actually shipped as I mentioned two weeks ago and one actually started shipping this week, so we feel good about the fact that they're out. But I would say as we think about 2017, really starting with the products that are shipping now and really looking more in the sort of Q2, we think we're going to have another strong year of new products and actually probably something closer to $50 million as compared to the $40 million that we expected in 2016. So that is a big contributor to the improvement in the growth year-over-year. As we think about it by market, I mentioned the fact that we're looking for a fairly significant improvement on the industrial side. I would say the other market that we're looking for is environmental, which historically has been a good market for us. It was also down in 2016 and our expectation is that returns to a positive grower. So I would say that's really the majority of the improvement when you think about the 2016 to 2017 increase in organic growth, and a lot of that we believe will be fueled by new products.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah, as Andy mentioned, a lot of our academic exposure is in more of the Imaging area, which is, as you know, Tycho, are large ticket items. So you can, from quarter-to-quarter, you can see things move around because of the lumpiness of those orders in sales.
Robert F. Friel: Well, I think we want to do – I think we mentioned the fact that we did four deals in 2016 with about $350 million of value, and of course that includes the earnouts as well. I mean we'd like to do more than that this year. As Andy mentioned, we've got – we think a very strong balance sheet. We'll have the cash coming in from Medical Imaging. So we think we're well positioned financially to be aggressive. I think the other side of it is, I think we feel very good about the sort of operational capability and organizational capability we have, so that we could take on additional complexity. So we've got a pretty full pipeline and I would be disappointed if we weren't able to do more significant M&A in 2017 that we did in 2016.
Robert F. Friel: Actually, when you look at the guidance that we put out – I guess it was in November – we talked about low single-digit growth. Actually, the numbers I think were 0% to 2% is actually what we were guiding to do, so when we came it an 1%, we felt like we came in at about where we had sort of guided. To your point, Medical Imaging was a headwind, but really doesn't round either sort of up or down. We would have been 1% with or without Medical Imaging. But having said that, we guided $610 million to $620 million, and I think Andy showed a chart that said we're $612 million, so I would say we are sort of at the bottom end of our guidance, but I think within the amount we talked about. I would say to the extent that things were a little light, they were on the DAS side, and clearly some of the end markets that we've seen all year, so industrial was down sort of mid-single digits, environmental was down mid-single digits, so those are the two that have been the challenging headwind all year, and that was again the case in the fourth quarter. I contrast that with the areas that we saw good growth in year continued to do very well, so we talked about the fact that Diagnostics was up strong, OneSource had a good quarter again, even against a pretty tough comp, and food was strong in the quarter as well. So I think the areas that have done well continued to do well and the areas that were challenging continued to be challenging in Q4. And as I mentioned before, the idea is to turn that around. Some of that I think will be helped by having the realignment behind us and I think the other thing will come from getting some of these new products out into the marketplace.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah, I think that's exactly the right way to think about it. And again, when I talk about the improved end-markets, my assumption is most of that's going to come from better execution. So we're not really building a lot of I would say market improvement relative to sort of external factors. With regard to the big drivers, I would say in 2017, so we mentioned the fact that two weeks ago, we introduced a product called the NexION 2000. We're quite excited about that; that's the new ICP-MS, that's actually there's been some interesting write-ups about in some of the trade articles, so we're excited about that. We actually introduced the Operetta CLS, which is a high-content imager. That came out in September of last year and that started gaining very nice traction in the marketplace; it's got some unique, I would say, competitive differentiation. It's got this water-immersion lens and very fast mechanics in harmony software. So we feel good about that. We introduced the Avio 200; that was also in the back-half of 2016. That's an ICP-OES and we think that's got the lowest cost of ownership on the market and probably the best analysis uptime. So we're excited about that one, and again that will continue into 2017. And then another product that we're just introducing now is a new quantitative pathology called the Vectra Polaris and we've got significant expectations that – it's the only platform on the market that can detect up to seven colors or in essence six biomarkers on a single tissue section, so that's another one that we feel good about. So there's a couple of other ones later in the year, but those are the ones that I think will – should drive the majority of the $50 million of incremental revenue.
Robert F. Friel: And Steve, let me take the second one on Vanadis, and I think you're probably interpreting our tone appropriately. I think we do get increasingly excited about the opportunity here. To answer a couple of your questions, we do see this as more of a broad-based offering as compared to going after specific disorders. When I say broad-based, it's really going to be targeted at sort of 13, 18, 21s, right. The key aspects of prenatal screening. I think the thing that excites us about it is the fact that we believe it's unique in that it is a product that's actually been designed from the beginning for screening. What we're finding – what we believe is some of the applications now are things that were, say in the case of NGS, probably designed for different applications that are trying to be applied in IPT and population screening. And then that – I mean it's got to meet a couple criteria, right. It's got to be simple to use, it's got to be automated, it's got to be accurate, and it's got to be fairly cost effective. And I think that was when Vanadis was put together in design, they were sort of after those characteristics. So I think it's unique in that way relative to what's on the market today. Relative to our sort of how we're thinking about rolling this out from a market perspective, it's going to be driven to a large extent by regulatory requirements. And so the way we think today is initially it will go into Europe as CE IVD, and there's probably some 70 countries that provide some nice opportunity. Simultaneous with that, we'll be seeking CFDA approval in China and in fact we're going to see if we can get this fast-tracked because of the need there as well as we think the uniqueness of our offering. And then probably, and of course as you know that's a significant market, and then probably the third market will be in the U.S., and it will probably be offered there as sort of a kit. But that's probably a little farther out. And we're quite excited about it; we believe we're still on track. We'll see some initial beta units at key opinion leaders, starting in sort of mid-2017, and we still think we're on track for CE IVD approval in early 2018.
Robert F. Friel: I mean, I think there's three ways to get that growth up. One is we've got to get sort of innovation in new products out. We've got to execute better in the marketplace. And probably the third aspect of it is we will continue to look to prune some of the products that we think are just not a great strategic fit for where we want to take the company. So I think it'll be a combination of all three of those. It's obviously – the first two are more within our control. But we'll look to use all three of those levers.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. Jon, the way I think I would describe it is that, again, because we don't know when it will close, what we've said is think of it as $0.16 impact. So if it closes a third of the year, let's say, that means $0.05, assuming it's linear, will run through our earnings but through discontinued operations. And so I think what Andy is implying is that that $0.11 that's left we'll look to cover the majority of that either through acquisitions that we do or through share buybacks, so that if you look in total between the earnings that run through discontinued and things we do to offset the dilution when it's sold or maybe even before it's sold that we're guiding to say, look, the majority of that $0.16 we looked is offset, it's just that we can't give you a specific split until we know when it closes.
Robert F. Friel: I think there was – a question that's always difficult to answer because I think as the company evolves, I think we'll continue to get more discriminating against the sort of products and the technologies we have. So – but I would say, with regard to sales like Medical Imaging, I know, I wouldn't anticipate as we think about 2017 here that we would see another divestiture of that size for 2017. There will be some product line pruning, but I don't think anything of the size of call it $150 million in revenue. Now when we get into 2018 and to 2019, possibly, and I think that will also be dependent on how successful we are on the acquisitions side.
Robert F. Friel: Well, when we moved Medical Imaging to discontinued now, it doesn't have any impact, right, because we're now comparing numbers in 2016 and 2017 that don't have Medical Imaging in them. So the 70 to 90 basis points has no impact from Medical Imaging leaving.
Robert F. Friel: So I'll take the second one and then maybe Andy will do the sort of geographic split. So I think that it's hard to tell that answer, right, I mean, we don't have a precise way of measuring, but clearly, when we made the decision, call it sort of third quarter to start to focus on some areas and deemphasize some others, there was some transition within both the sales force and the product manager. I would say the majority of that's behind us. Now we've communicated it, I think, to the people that it impacted and they didn't like it. I think the majority of them have left or got sort of comfortable with the situation. So I think that the majority of that's behind us. It clearly impacted us in Q3 and it probably had a residual impact in Q4 as well. I think we mentioned this before – one of the reasons we announced the realignment on October 1 was we wanted to try and get all of this behind us. So as we entered 2017, any disruption as a result of this – again, it's hard to make the disruption zero, but I think to a large extent, that's behind us. So as we forecast here, and as we enter 2017, our assumption is the organization is well aligned in support of how we're running the company right now, and I don't anticipate any disruption in 2017 as a result of the strategic decisions that were made last year.
Robert F. Friel: So, Isaac, I would say the incremental flow-through is, within the company, is largely dependent on where the growth is coming from. So one of the reasons why the operating margins was as strong as it was in 2016 was because the growth was coming from the Diagnostics side. So I think when you see growth on the Diagnostics side, generally that's got sort of a 45% incremental flow-through or so associated with it. When the growth occurs on the DAS side, it's lower than that; it's probably in the low 30s. So I think as – and of course Medical Imaging was different, but again that's sort of out of things. So I think that's really the determinant of the incremental flow-through; it's really where the growth is coming from.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah, I do. It's hard because it's so new. You're talking about the regulations now requiring almost like farm-to-table type of analysis. And I think our leaders there think that there has been some incremental growth attributable to those regulations. So we're fairly optimistic that that will continue to be a driver to the food business in China. But I would say it's in the fourth quarter probably some of the strong food revenue growth was attributable to – clearly it was in China and I think some of it was the new regulatory standards that have come out.
Robert F. Friel: Well, I think when you think about the diagnostics market in India right now, it's relatively small in the scheme of things, right. And we've seen some numbers that says, if you look at the diagnostic tests per capita in India, they are 100th the size that they are in the United States. So when you think about the size of the population, as the sort of technology evolves and I think costs come down, I think that can be a significant opportunity. But just to give you a sense, the diagnostic market in India is probably $1 billion and growing very quickly. So the nice thing we like about Tulip is it gives us significant distribution capabilities. I think I mentioned on my prepared remarks some 30,000 customers. And so we see two great opportunities, one is at some point to take some of the product offering that we have in China, and run that through the channel in India and then also use that channel to help drive our reproductive health growth. And then we'll continue to be aggressive to look at other types of products that we can go through the channel, but we thought it was important to get good access to a market that we're quite excited about.
Robert F. Friel: So, I think, Luke, to your point, I mean Diagnostics is a high priority for us. If you look at the three areas that we play in right now, anything we can do in reproductive health we would like to do. We've got a nice franchise there. I would say also in infectious disease in emerging markets, so we talked a little bit about Tulip, anything we can do to sort of continue to bootstrap those capabilities. And then we'll continue to look for opportunities in the oncology area around enabling technologies. So we think we've got some nice capabilities in the front end of the sequencers, so whether it's DNA extraction or automation or sample preparation. So I would say those are the three areas that we're focused on. The other thing that we continue to look at it is opportunities to expand our addressable market. I would say, when I think about our Diagnostics business, it's a very strong business, but the addressable market needs to be bigger than it is. And so we'll look for adjacencies that we can sort of leverage some of our capabilities into some markets that allow us to grow. What I would say right now, our addressable market in Diagnostics is probably in the $3 billion range, and we've got to make that much larger.
Robert F. Friel: So as we think about biopharma, I would say the OneSource side, or the service aspect of our business has been very strong; the product side of it is a little mixed, so we have not sort of enjoyed the growth that I would say some of our peers have. And to some extent that's a function of our product mix, right. So I would say on the imaging side, things are going well, and some of the reagent areas, things are going well. But when you get into the plate readers and the radio chemicals and radiometrics that becomes a little bit more challenging. So our growth for biopharma has been low single-digits, maybe in some quarters mid-single digits, but we unfortunately have not seen some of the growth as I mentioned that others have. But to answer your question specifically, we have not seen any indication that it's slowing. We believe pharma will continue to have a strong 2017. It will probably manifest for us, again, more on the service and informatics side than on the product side.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. I think in a given quarter, it may – I mean, it may have caused a percent, but think of it as about 7% or 8% of our revenue and it was generally down anywhere from mid-single digits to low-double digits, so when it's – obviously, when it's down mid-single digits, it's less than a percent, but there was – I think Q3 in particular it may have been down low-double digits and at that point, it probably moved it a percent or so. So depending on how it did in the quarter, it could have – it could have moved our organic growth a point.
Robert F. Friel: Well, it's about – I think it was $35 million in revenue or so and, as I mentioned, it closed this week, so we'll get 11 months or so of the revenue. The margins are, I would say, better than – around corporate average maybe a little bit better than the corporate average. Maybe there is an opportunity to improve those, but I think really the focus is going to be on growth, how do we accelerate the growth. As I mentioned, we think the IBD market is around $1 billion or so and we think that's going to grow fairly significantly. Their offerings are really around call prevention screening and diagnosis for infectious disease, so things like malaria, HIV and hepatitis, so very synergistic with what we do in China with our SYM-BIO acquisition we did a number of years ago. And as I mentioned, the strong products and channel access to over 30,000 customers, diagnostic labs, government, private healthcare facilities, et cetera. So we're quite excited about it. I would say the other thing is, if you go over the last couple of years we've built a nice team within India, within PerkinElmer, and so we feel very good about the ability to integrate this and leverage the capabilities there. I think they've got like 350 sales people and so we'll look to grow that quite significantly. It's a business that has been growing I think low double-digits, and we'll look to accelerate that.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah, I would say it starts with, obviously, strong strategic fit, and then we generally look at return, so when you think about it cash-over-cash returns. We are generally looking at something that exceeds our cost to capital and depending on the size of the deal it'd be anywhere from three to five years, and for a larger deal we might stretch out for a period of time. Our cost of capital is probably in the mid to high 8's. So we probably look to find something that gets us returns of 10% or so in that time horizon. I mean, I think in this environment with interest costs where they are, most things are accretive. So I think it's, I would say, unlikely that we would do something that wasn't accretive. But again, the real criteria is what kind of financial returns and how does it improve our businesses.
Robert F. Friel: Yes, so newborn screening grew low double digits in 2016. So it was a significant contributor to the growth of Diagnostics. It is the largest business within Diagnostics. So it's done quite well. And our expectation is it will continue to grow in 2017. We are expecting to see a moderation of growth in China. We saw mid-teen birth growth in China, birth rate growth, and that was partly due to the relaxation of the one child, but probably more significantly as a result of what I'll call sort of the zodiac year and what our expectation is, as we think about 2017 is the year of the rooster that it will be – it will go back to sort of a moderate sort of normal growth rate probably in the sort of low-to-mid single digits.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. It was mostly on the instrument side. Where we saw growth was on the service side. Instruments was negative and consumables, and reagents on the DAS side was sort of up slightly, the majority of the growth on the reagents and the consumables comes from the Diagnostics side.
Robert F. Friel: Great. Well, first of all, thank you all for your questions and your interest in PerkinElmer. So, in closing, let me just emphasize the sense of enthusiasm that exists across the company to both provide significant value for our shareholders as well as advance our mission to make the world healthier. Again, thanks for joining us for the call and have a great evening.
Frank Anders Wilson: Well, I think at this stage, we are anticipating closing sometime after April, so we still have some time to decide what we want to do with those proceeds. It's about $265 million of proceeds; we've announced that. And I think at this stage, we noted the dilution that was provided, and I think we believe that we will cover the majority of that dilution either through share buybacks or through acquisitions, and then I will probably have more to say on that as we get closer to closing on the sale, and we'll be very transparent with that communication.
Frank Anders Wilson: On the academic side, I mean we had a fairly easy comp, we did see some – and some of our instruments are typically high-value instruments and we saw some growth in our high-content screening pathology products, which were beneficial in the quarter. This was probably our best quarter in academic for the year.
Frank Anders Wilson: Maybe I'll start with your question around taxes. As you know, there is still not a lot of clarity around how this is going to settle, although we do hope that there is some movement on tax reform. Right now, we've kind of looked through and done an analysis of the three plans that are out there, the Trump plan, the House plan and there is a third. And they're all fairly similar. I think we do feel like there will be a lower tax rate overall, corporate tax rate, whether it's 25% or 15%, no one really knows. Obviously that's going to be a net positive for us. We do pay taxes in the U.S. As far as being a net importer or exporter, we are a net exporter. We have a fairly large significant amount of revenue that is exported out of the U.S. So that will also be a net positive. And then the third piece, I guess, is around repatriation. A repatriation holiday would obviously be helpful. We have been very successful in the past without one. We've been able to utilize some of our tax attributes to bring money back overseas with very limited cash taxes. So all-in-all, I think we feel like it's going to be a net positive. We've done some detailed analysis and based on what we know today, it's probably about 1 percentage point to 1.25 percentage points to our current tax rate.
Frank Anders Wilson: That's correct. So the guidance we provided assumed no use of those proceeds. And as I mentioned earlier, we will – as we get to the point where we close on the sale of the Medical Imaging business we'll be very clear as to how we employ that. But our intention is to cover the majority of the dilution with either buybacks or acquisitions and we'll be more transparent on that as we move forward.
Frank Anders Wilson: Sure. Right now, we see the Diagnostics business really growing at a 7% or so high single-digit type growth rate and then 3% for the DAS business. That gets you to the 4%.
Frank Anders Wilson: And I'll answer the other part of the question. By major geography, our expectations, at least that are reflected in our guidance, are the Americas essentially mid single-digit with the U.S. part of that being really low to mid single-digit. Europe we are assuming is going to be low-single digit with high single-digit growth in the APAC region.
Frank Anders Wilson: I think that, as Rob may have mentioned, I think as we look forward, we still believe we can drive 70 to 90 basis points of operating margin expansion consistently. I think that, if you look at this year it was a bit higher, and I think that there'll be years where we are able to drive more than that. I don't think the framework has really changed dramatically without Med Imaging on the bottom-line, but I think it has on the top. I think we're going to have less volatility, and I think net-net over time, we're going to have a steadier and hopefully a better growth rate organically.
Frank Anders Wilson: And I think our expectation is that most of the growth is going to come from our focus areas, and those are typically higher margins.
Frank Anders Wilson: We have approximately just under $1 billion of leverage through our revolver, and then we've talked about our cash as being north of $350 million. So you layer on top of it the $265 million and so we're really around $1.5 billion of available, and then if you throw on top of that our free cash flow generation, it's higher another $300 million or so.
