Robert F. Friel: Yeah. Well, first of all, I think it's all of the above, as you pointed out. I would say, first of all, if we think about the beat in the quarter, it largely came on the instrument side. We clearly saw good strength in service and informatics and consumables, but I would say the delta really came on the instruments side, and it's a combination of things you talked about. So, first of all, I think clearly we're seeing better execution. If you go back, we combined the businesses back in 2016. We, as you recall, experienced a little bit of disruption there. But I think we've now got the global account sort of customer initiative, coupled with the sales force, really focused on selling complete solutions, which is aided by the OneSource and the Informatics. So, I think that's going well. I think on the innovation side, we continue to see strong uptake not only on the new products in 2018 but continued strong growth from the products that we introduced in 2017. Things like the Avio, the NexION, the QSight are all adding strong growth. On the Life Science side, clearly in the imaging area, both our high content and in vivo imaging did quite well. And so what I sort of alluded to in the comments, it's fairly broad based. And then, even if you look across the geography, it was quite strong as well. So, I think it's clearly better execution. I think it's innovation. And I think, as we've heard in the last couple of weeks, I think the markets continue to be fairly robust.
Robert F. Friel: So I'd say, first of all, obviously, with the CE-IVD marking, our focus will largely be in Europe initially. And I think we've talked about this in the past, but we have probably 3.5 million pregnancies that we do today with biochemical screening. So, obviously, the focus will be in those areas that are doing the biochemical screening today and looking to convert, if not all, those tests on to Vanadis. I would say that – with regard to targeted accounts as I sort of mentioned in my remarks, we've effectively already identified 10 labs that will be getting the systems throughout the remaining part of 2018. And then, as we sort of ramp up production, we'll look to expand that across Europe, initially, and then ultimately, probably not until 2020, we'll look to expand into other geographic regions.
Robert F. Friel: So, as I think, Jamey mentioned, EUROIMMUN did very well in the U.S. again. I think through the first half of the year, they've now exceeded what they did in 2017. But if you just step back from EUROIMMUN, it had another strong quarter across all the key geographic areas. Europe, China, U.S. were all up at least double digits. I think in U.S., specifically, I think we continue to add tests as we receive FDA approval. I think in the second quarter, we added about seven additional assays to the menu, and we're continuing to see expansion of our business, particularly with the larger reference labs. So, I think it's partly adding some to the channel, but it's probably what's going to drive the more significant growth is getting the new products out there, getting the approval received from the FDA. I think right now, when you look at autoimmunity, we have, at least globally, the largest menu of tests and probably the best specificity, which is being driven by both our BIOCHIP technology and the capabilities of EUROIMMUN to produce excellent recombinant antibodies and antigens. So therefore, they not only can produce very sensitive or very specific assays, but they also attract the KOLs to work with them. So I think that'll continue to be the approach to continue to build out the menu. And we continue to train the PerkinElmer sales force on the EUROIMMUN products and vice versa. So, I don't know that there's a huge investment required other than you just get to do products approved and out on the market.
Robert F. Friel: So, first of all, China continues to perform well for us. It was up again double digits in the second quarter. And I think we feel we're continuing the track to a strong growth opportunity. But as you point out, there are some potential headwinds out there, so let me sort of take it one at a time. So I'd say, first of all, on the tariff side, I mean, we think right now based on state of play, it's not a huge headwind for us. It's probably $1 million or less, and I think that's something we can either absorb in productivity or to the extent it requires a little bit of pricing. I think we can get that. So we don't see tariffs today as a significant issue, I would say, and that's mostly coming from products produced in China and used in our supply chain. When you look at the other way, right now there's virtually no diagnostic product that come from the U.S. into China. Our Diagnostics products come from three sources: they're either made locally; they come from Finland; or they come from Germany. So we don't see much of a risk there. On the DAS side, we think there is probably $75 million to $80 million of product that goes from U.S. into China. And we've looked at our ability to move that production. Some of it we can move relatively quickly, other probably would take us six to nine months, and we're starting to put some contingency plans in place that would allow us to do that. We haven't sort of pulled any triggers right now, but we think we could do that in a relatively short period of time. Like I said in some cases relatively quickly, in some cases probably six to nine months.
Robert F. Friel: So you said applied was a good quarter for us. It was up single digits. I would say if you look at food in Asia, that was strong. That was up high-single digits as well. I would say in North America and Europe it was more in the sort of low- to mid-single digits. I think that's somewhat timing. I think food for us, if you looked through the first half of the year is tracking sort of mid-single digits, but we think probably by the end it will get to the high single digits. And industrial was also good for us. I think if you recall last quarter there was a little concern relative to I think we were down sort of 1% on the industrial side and sort of indicated it was timing. And I think when you look at some of these end markets that are sort of sub-10% for us as sort of a percentage of our revenue, we can have things move in and out of the quarter, couple of million bucks that can drive a couple of hundred basis points. Industrial for us in the second quarter was up high-single digits. It was pretty broad-based from a geographic perspective. And so if you look at industrial now year-to-date, we're sort of tracking the mid-single.
Robert F. Friel: No, I don't think so, Tycho. I mean, I think when we look at the revenue in China. I mean, I don't see anything pull through. And I think relative to the back half, I just think it's prudent to maybe a little in the conservative side given some of the issues that are swirling out there. And I think particularly in the China side, I think we're looking to be somewhat prudent in our expectations around revenue.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. So I would say that the engineer hiring the 175 to 200 is probably on an annual basis. I mean, if you look at the growth that the company has experienced historically, that's generally what they're hiring in any given 12-month period. And I think the conversation was in the context of the Siemens discussions. So I think, like I said, and if you look at the historical track record of the company and it's been growing sort of mid to high teens, that workforce is R&D based. It can be some salespeople, but I would say most of the engineers are going into the R&D area to sort of work with increased investment in R&D. I mean, the model there has been, as they've grown the revenue, they've tried to keep their investment in R&D at least constant as a percentage of revenue. And so if you're growing at 15%, you're taking your R&D up 15%. And so that's what's really driving the hiring of the engineers.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. So I would say we continue to see very good uptake on the genomics testing business. It grows or grew well in excess of 100%, but, of course, it's off of a low base. And so I would say consistent with the strategy we discussed previously, it's focused on, one, continuing to work with the states here in the U.S. to provide confirmatory testing, but also has been expanding our partnerships with pharma and biotech companies as we sort of help them in their quest to treat rare diseases. And we're also seeing nice opportunities to partner with other organizations to fundamentally to, I would say, faster turnarounds in our interpretive capabilities. So we're seeing a lot of opportunity. And in fact, we'll probably put in another five NovaSeqs in September to handle what we expect to be the significant volume uptake here.
Robert F. Friel: So I would say I mentioned a little bit in the discussion around new products. I think on the DAS side, we're seeing good traction there largely in the food applications. And we hope to maybe over time just sort of expand that out into other areas. I would say on the Diagnostics side we're in the process of getting that FDA approved with our set of reagents. And so while we've seen some increase there, it's going to really – until we get FDA approval on our reagents is when you'll see the more significant ramp-up on the Diagnostics side. But I would say overall we're very pleased with the performance and think it could be a nice platform to expand into other areas.
Robert F. Friel: So I would say relative to the revenue synergies and I would say the comment was not necessarily related to revenue dollars but really the projects that we're running that we think will have future revenue synergies. And the way I would sort of describe those is I'd probably put those into three categories. The first one I would say around sort of new market or really probably new product opportunities. And so an example there would be we're in the process of putting some of their assays on our instrument. So an example would be we're combining a chemiluminescent bench-top instrument that PerkinElmer makes with some neurological assays from EUROIMMUN, and of course, that opens up a new market for us, so we're excited about that. And we've got a number of those instances where we're sort of combining the capabilities of both to open up new market opportunities. The second area, I would say, where it's more sort of cost and capability. So EUROIMMUN, I think as we've talked about, is going to start producing antibodies across both DAS and DX, which in addition to expanding our product development opportunities and reducing our costs, we think, will improve quality. And so that's a sort of a second category. And then the third area, I would say in the emerging market areas, and I sort of alluded to this in my prepared comments. We're developing a lateral flow infectious disease menu for emerging markets, and if you think about that Tulip has a lateral flow technology in the distribution channel and EUROIMMUN has the antigens. So anyway my comment was really we're seeing those projects advance quicker than we thought. And I would also say we're seeing more opportunities to drive the synergies across the two capabilities of their respective companies. Your second comment with regard to our confidence around continuing to expand EUROIMMUN into 2019 and 2020. I would say at this point I'm going to hold off on giving any discussion or guidance around 2019 or 2020 until we probably get through with 2018.
Robert F. Friel: No, I would say, if you think about the first half, as I mentioned, it's been a fairly robust macroeconomic environment, and our assumption right now is it sort of continues into the back. So, I wouldn't say we're anticipating any acceleration, at the same time, I don't know that we're anticipating a deceleration. So, we're assuming market conditions continuing to back half similar to what we saw in the first.
Robert F. Friel: Well, as – and I've sort of mentioned a little bit before, but I would say it really goes across a number of things. First of all, I think we're executing better. We're getting the sort of global account structure. I think the sales force is getting better at selling the complete solutions. I think the combination of OneSource and Informatics is sort of working well relative to our customers, so I think there's a category around sort of better execution. I think there's a category around new products and innovations. So, clearly, in the imaging area, both high content and in vivo, we saw a nice step-up there. And then in more of the applied markets, virtually across all of our technologies, we saw strong growth. And again, I think a lot of that can be attributed to fairly significant refresh of a number of the platforms we did in 2017. And as you probably appreciate, a lot of these instruments sales do have sort of a time lag associated until you start to see the ramp-up. So, I think a lot of the benefits we saw initially in 2017 are starting to carry through into 2018, and that's combined with, I think, better execution of the sales force, and I think robust end markets are what's leading to a very strong growth, particularly on the product side and DAS.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. So I appreciate the optimism with our ability to perform and convert, but we saw gross margins up like 250 basis points. So we felt pretty good about that on the flow-through. And we lost a little bit through the operating line fundamentally because operating expenses, particularly on the R&D side, were a little higher.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah, I would say it's fundamentally two. One is, we've got a little bit more difficult comp in the back. And then the other one is, I think it's just – given what – our swirling around with some potential headwinds, we think it's prudent that 5% – and by the way, even with those numbers, we'll do 6% on the core. So as we sort of think about the last three years, our organic growth will go from 2% to 4% to 6%. And then, of course, if you add EUROIMMUN on top of that, it gets us to 7%. So, I think we're pretty pleased with that. And what I will say is, we won't let that be a constraint on our possibility of beating that number.
Robert F. Friel: No, I think probably $10 million is a little heavy. I think what we had said in the past is sort of $5 million to $10 million, but I think it's probably more closer to $5 million than it is to $10 million again because I think it's the fact of the timing of the tenders. But we'll see. And again our anticipation is it's going to take it a while to get these sort of calibrated and validated within the labs. And so you're not really going to see a lot of the reagent flow until the latter part of the year or early 2019.
Robert F. Friel: So I would say I think the number for this year is probably 10-ish is what we said. We sort of said 8 to 10 and we're probably maybe tracking to the higher end of that hopefully. I think the levers are probably more on we're sort of putting in interpretive software so that we can process the samples a little bit faster from an interpretive standpoint. And I think our throughput on the sort of sequencing side is a very good. But I think that's probably right now the sort of probably biggest barrier to be enabled to get more sort of volume out there. I also mentioned the fact that we're planning on putting in five more NovaSeqs in September. Obviously they take a little bit of the time to get them sort of up and running. But as I mentioned, we continue to see very good opportunities across all the areas, I mean, particularly even in the pharma area as I mentioned, I mean, I think what's differentiating us is probably two things, and again we've talked about this in the past. First of all, our ability to both provide analysis of genes and proteins is really sort of differentiating us for a lot of the pharma companies that want to say, okay, first of all sequence and indentified (47:30) genetic mutation, but at the same time also desire to quantifying the level of specific enzymes. So that's interesting. And the other one is because we can collect the samples and drive blood spot cards, which again is differentiated. We're basically the only company that can run NGS from that. So that's driving a lot of demand in the pharma companies. And I think the other thing we're seeing is clearly the trend is toward more whole genome sequencing as compared to panels and exomes. And this also plays into our strength as we're one of the few labs that can do clinical whole genome test. So I think there's going to be a lot of opportunity to continue to sort of invest and build this business.
Robert F. Friel: But I would say when you look across DAS, it was again, sort of, fairly broad-based. So whether it was life sciences, whether it was applied markets, they were both up double digits in Europe for us.
Robert F. Friel: So newborn did well for us well in China again, but it's in the face of declining birth rates. I would say depending on whether it's the eastern part or the western part of China we're seeing birth rate declines anywhere from sort of mid- to actually high-single digits. Now some of that as we've talked about in the past is sort of the zodiac sign but also clearly there's some economic sort of impacts that are sort of putting the decline in birthrate. That's being offset, as you can imagine, by expanding menu, so we see good opportunity to do that and then increase penetration in various areas. So I think you'll see, as far as increased screening, our data right now would suggest that a large portion of the Chinese newborn gets screened. So, again, so I don't know that there's a huge opportunity to sort of screen more babies. I think the opportunity is really on the menu side. And we're seeing that across a number of regions, not only in China. I mean, even if you look at the U.S. right now, it's interesting. You continue to see fairly significant expansion of the RUSP panel, which you know is the sort of recommended uniform screening panel that the HHS sort of continues to put out. Even within the U.S., that continues to expand and provide nice opportunity for us to expand the menu there.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah, I think it's actually a sort of a little bit of both. But the other thing to keep in mind is these systems, again because we're just sort of starting with it, will take some time to get sort of installed and probably more importantly validated. And so we want to sort of get them into some key customers and make sure that they're running well. And at the same time, we're sort of ramping up the production of these systems. And I think the combination of those factors led us to believe to be somewhat conservative relative to the volume in the back half.
Robert F. Friel: Great. So, first of all, thanks for your questions and your continued interest in PerkinElmer. So we look forward to continuing to drive our mission of innovating for a healthier world while creating even greater value for our customers, shareholders, and employees. So thanks again, and I hope everyone has a great evening.
James M. Mock: Yeah, I think it's mostly around some extra volume in the fourth quarter, Dan. So in the third quarter it will be primarily mixing in EUROIMMUN for the margin expansion. And then in the fourth quarter it's both EUROIMMUN, as well as a solid amount of volume leverage as we expect some revenue uptick there.
James M. Mock: Yeah, yeah. So, Jack, we grew 180 basis points on the OM line and there was 50 basis points of foreign exchange in there, so just to go back to the walk. The core grew 200 basis points. There was 50 basis points of foreign exchange headwind and then 30 basis points from EUROIMMUN, so we think that's actually pretty strong. We also saw it on the gross margin line as well being pretty strong. And there EUROIMMUN grew about 160 basis points, the core grew about 140 basis points, and we had another 50 basis points of FX headwind, so we felt pretty positive.
James M. Mock: That's exactly right, Steve. Yes, it was a $0.05 beat and then $0.04 from tax and $0.04 headwind from foreign exchange. You got it.
James M. Mock: Yeah, a few of them, Patrick. So I think what jumps out to me at least is reproductive health was quite strong for us and the whole Diagnostics segment was I think up mid-teens here. So, reproductive health in particular was one of the big, stronger players.
James M. Mock: Sure. Yeah, with regard to cash, I mean, if you look at the first half of this year, Brandon, versus the last couple of years we are always later in the first half. And this quarter and this half is no different in particular. I'd say the only changes that affected the second quarter, as well as the first quarter and therefore the half is what I mentioned in my prepared remarks around what we're doing around the supply chain. So two production moves, a new distribution center strategy, and we anticipate that somewhat normalizing in the second half and being able to get to our kind of original target. So to answer your second question we didn't increase our free cash flow target, our guidance for the end of the year because of these moves and we need to see. Some of this might settle out this year, some of them might settle out in the beginning of next year, but we still feel very good that we'll generate a lot of cash both in the second half and going into 2019.
