Prahlad Singh: Mike, I think it's a great question. As both myself and Max said in our prepared remarks, overall, I would say that the market has stabilized. Obviously, our Diagnostics business has done -- continues to shine in light of that. But you'll got to break it down into pieces. You are right on the Reagent side, the Life Sciences, but we had some licensing comp, which pressured things. But excluding that, our core reagents were down only mid-single digits.   We did see a slower start to the year as customers delayed their finalizing their budgets and lab activity that continues to have some pockets of volatility. However, given the trends that we have seen now in March and so far here in April, we feel much more optimistic and have not changed our assumption for the full year and continue to expect core reagents to be up in the mid-single digits.   On the Diagnostic side of the business, yes, Newborn Screening was pressured in China. But outside of China, Newborn Screening actually grew in the double digits. Software business continued to be better than our expectations. So I think, all in all, you are right that there are quite a few moving pieces. But as you said, at a high level, the differentiation of our portfolio actually shines in markets like this where there is pressure some place else, something else picks it up. So overall, we feel pretty good about where we are. 
Prahlad Singh: It's a good, great question, Matt. I mean, I think if you look at the acquisition that we did, majority of our acquisitions were in Life Sciences reagents related to biomolecules and large molecules and cell and gene therapy. And I think the longer-term trend that if you look in the marketplace, that is where a majority of the investment is going to go. As you pointed out, there are some headwinds in the market right now, but we are very confident in our strategy about the acquisitions that we have made.  Again, going back, what it has done is it has put us in a place where 80% of our revenue is coming on a recurring basis. Life Sciences, Software and even in the Diagnostics area where we play, we have a portfolio that we feel is very differentiated. And I think it is going to serve us well. 
Prahlad Singh: Yes, Patrick. I mean, again, starting with, as I said earlier, right to Mike's question, we expect our core reagents business to be up mid-single digits for the year. And I think also, the trends that we saw in March and April make us optimistic to keep that profile. As I mentioned, we had licensing comps, which pressured this, excluding that, the reagents are down mid-single. I think the way I would take it is that some of the budget finalization that happened with our pharma/biotech customers, typically, they would happen in December. But I think that sort of bled into January and the release of the budgets happen a little later into the year than as it typically happens.  And I think that's where we saw some initial volatility. But again, March and April, it has come back to where we would have expected it to be. So hopefully, that gives you a bit of a flavor of how we relate that. 
Prahlad Singh: Yes, Patrick. I think there is more solidity to the conversations, and I think that's more encouraging trend than what we have seen earlier. But as Max said earlier, I mean, they haven't yet converted into orders, so it's not clearly at a point where we can say there's an inflection. But I think the discussions are much more solid and much more prolonged. So that's probably a flavor around what the encouragement that we have on the order trend for the Life Sciences instrument side. 
Prahlad Singh: That's a great question, Andrew. I think we are very positive on our Software Signals business. And as you pointed out, we had several launches in the year. And I think, as I've said earlier, the product launches that happened in our Software business are a direct correlation of the user group and voice of customer meetings that we have at least twice a year in different continents. So basically, it's direct output of what our customers asks are and that's why there is a solid trend related to it. The expansion that we had with Signal Clinicals, it takes us outside of the preclinical environment to support customers on the analytics and the data that is generated from clinical trials.  In addition, these are SaaS-only, so that gives a more longer-term certainty around the revenue. And we've seen good initial traction with that. Similarly on Signal Synergy, which was launched in mid-April, that connects the data back for our customers between the pharma and the CRO. Again, this is something that I've talked about earlier. There is always -- one of the biggest needs for our pharma customers is the unstructured form in which the data comes through. This product helps them transfer unstructured data, provide the analytics and visualization that our customers are looking for. So pretty promising launches, and I think they will continue to be -- launches that'll come through from our Signals portfolio simply because we are -- we have taken a modular approach as to how we bring our product profile into the customers. 
Prahlad Singh: I'll try to remember all 4 or 5 of the questions that you've got in there, Josh. I think the reagent side pretty much played out on the Life Sciences side as we had expected. And to your second question around the stimulus, as some of our peers have mentioned, there has been talk and discussion about it, but that's not something that we are banking or assuming in any of our assumptions so far.  On the Diagnostic side of the business, as we've pointed out earlier, we are going to continue to have some volatility related to VBP. And the price declines that we have laid out, that is assumed in our LRP. On the Reproductive Health side, as we mentioned, that birth rates declined more than 20% in the latter half of 2023.  So we do expect that softness to continue through 2Q, but as most of you know, we expect that to change in the second half of the year given that it's the year of the dragon in which we have traditionally seen a noticeable increase in the number of babies born, which run through the first quarter of next year. And to some extent, we have already started seeing some signs of this occurring from our prenatal business in China. So there is an indication that the birth rate trend in China is going to improve a bit in the second half of the year. I think I got most of them. 
Prahlad Singh: Vijay, I think on the VBP question, what we've said, we've assumed mid-single-digit price declines on an annual basis, and that's what we continue to see. So it's not a sudden swing that we are seeing, but we're just seeing a leak on the pricing. And that's what we've assumed and what we've shared earlier. I think if the Life Sciences reagent are going to improve sequentially from the Q1 to Q2, the instrument side of the business is still pressured. And I think that's what's assumed in our low-single-digit guidance and hopefully, it will be better. 
Prahlad Singh: I think I would say that we see maybe from a general commentary perspective, the pressure is still more on the higher-ticket items around the single cell imaging and analysis, but probably not as much on the lower-ticket item. So again, it continues to be a CapEx story around instrumentation, and I think that's where the pressure was assumed and that continues to be there. 
Prahlad Singh: Yes. I mean, Jack, as you know, and as we have reported, we quickly got an injunction -- received an injunction, which essentially maintains the previous status quo as the litigation plays out. And to your point, any initial customer inquiries and questions have died down significantly. And at the end of the day, we still have an agreement in place into the next decades with renewals beyond that. 
Prahlad Singh: Yes. Catherine, I think the pipeline realignment is happening, and it will continue to happen. I mean from our perspective, just as we look at preclinical research and discovery, both on the small molecules and on the biomolecule side, and as I've pointed out, the funnel has to be broad enough at the beginning for it to narrow down. I think as they realign their portfolio, they will continue to optimize cost measures as they go further into development from preclinical research and into clinical. But in order to get into development and clinical, they have to have a broad enough funnel.  So I think mid- to longer term, we don't see that having much of an impact on our business. I think the key will be how do we continue to help our pharma/biotech customers continue to optimize and make it more efficient for them to bring candidates from discovery into development. 
Prahlad Singh: And just to add to what Max said, U.S. continues to also be a very good growth driver for us for the Immunodiagnostics business. I know we tend to talk about China, but U.S. for us is probably the fastest grower for our Immunodiagnostics business. 
Prahlad Singh: I think if you look at our Immunodiagnostics business in the U.S., it has grown at a 20% CAGR since the acquisition. And I don't think we have really gone to where we would say that we have reached close to critical mass so that it would plateau out. It's gone from being 5% to nearly 15% of our overall Immunodiagnostics business. But there is still a lot of growth that we have to cover in the U.S. And I would say that we are still in the early phases of growth that this business is going to see over the next several years in the U.S. And it is all a direct correlation of how many products that we can get onto the panel and get through the FDA approval process into the U.S., and the team is working very hard and diligently on that. 
Prahlad Singh: It's a great question, Luke. Again, we don't talk on specific tenders, but I'm happy to talk about the launch that we just did and announced at any -- it was even at a current show that's going on. There's a complete workflow that has a specialized liquid handler added to it. It builds on the T-SPOT Select, which has added now chemagic extraction and cell counting ability. So I think the workflow that this product uses, the benefit is that it uses all our other offerings, too, including silica cell counting, the EUROIMMUN reader, which will eventually connect it also the EuroLabs software in the future. It essentially reduces our hands-on time by 50% versus the current existing T-SPOT Select. And it has a reduction of approximately 80% in technician touch points. So this was one of the major hurdles that T-SPOT Select was facing in the market in terms of hands-on and technician time, and the intent really is to significantly eliminate that. And now if you combine for day 1 and day 2, it essentially has lesser total hands-on time versus the competitor's product offering that you talked about. 
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes, Mike, I mean, I don't have too much further to add on to what Prahlad already mentioned. I guess if you were to break it down a little bit further, if you look at our performance of the reagent business between academic and government and pharma/biotech, academic and government still grew in the quarter for us from a reagent perspective, which is predominantly the BioLegend portfolio. I think when you look at pharma/biotech, it really goes back to some of Prahlad's comments around, it was just a slower overall start for the year. We have seen good progress through March and April, and we're confident in our full year outlook. 
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. Matt, so as we look at the instrumentation for the rest of the year, we are still basically assuming across both Applied Genomics business as well as our Life Science instrumentation business that it will be down mid- to high single digits for the full year. That was consistent with our previous outlook. I'd actually say for the first quarter, it was an improvement versus what we were anticipating heading into the period. So it was encouraging to see that uptick. And when you really look at the assumptions for the rest of the year, we aren't assuming a recovery in the market. It is kind of assuming a steady-state environment from what we are facing today. And that's, again, consistent with our assumptions we had 90 days ago. 
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. For the second quarter, Patrick, we do expect the core reagents business to return to positive low single-digit growth in the second quarter. And then in order to get to the mid-single digits growth for the full year, you can do the math in the back half. 
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. I think if you look at it long term, Andrew, I think we've already come out with the LRP growth assumptions for our Software business. It's high single digits to low-double-digits growth per year. It's what we are expecting here in 2024. And so depending on how long you're trying to model out, you can get to how big this business is, given that it's roughly a $200 million business for us today. 
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. Look, I mean, from a cash flow perspective, there will always be some quarterly notes to some extent just given business activity. I think as you look at this year, though, the second and third quarter, I would anticipate to be probably lower than the fourth quarter, but we're still maintaining our overall expectation this year to be greater than $475 million of free cash flow conversion. 
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. So I think if you look back at what we had mentioned for the outlook for this year, we had mentioned that, from a margin profile perspective, our operating expenses for the full year were going to be very similar kind of quarter-over-quarter off of our Q4 exit, and that's kind of what you saw here in the first quarter. And again, that's just a function of us taking permanent cost reduction actions to offset the variable expenses that we knew would be coming back this year. And so I don't think that outlook has changed where the upside was in the first quarter was really more on the gross margin side.  Again, as you look at the seasonality or I guess, the phasing over the rest of this year, the gross margin rate will uptick as we go throughout the year based on volume, which is what gets you to that then 28% operating margin for the full year.  And I think when you look at in terms of what could push us above the 28% for the full year, it's going to be a combination of just better volume or on the gross margin line, again, as our operating expenses will be relatively flat over the course of the year. 
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. And maybe just one other piece to add just, I guess, from an overall numbers perspective, our outlook on China for the full year has not changed. Again, the first quarter was mostly in line with our expectations. And for the full year, we are assuming China to be roughly flat for the full year. So there's no change to that assumption. 
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. So I'll work backwards to your questions there, so maybe starting on the margin one. I mentioned it to Josh's question earlier, but really, the margin story or assumptions we had coming to you are unchanged. Operating expenses are going to be flat. And as we move throughout the year, it is just a volume dynamic moving up our gross margin percentage. In terms of the quarterly phasing that you had mentioned, yes, that's probably about right if you do modestly lower second and third quarter operating margins that would imply a fourth quarter, that's around 30.5%, 31% OM. And again, that's kind of consistent with our business practice and our business seasonality as the volume steps up sequentially as we go throughout the year.  I think when you look at it on an organic growth perspective, I think, to maybe use your own words, yes, we were -- everyone was hoping that margins had recovered -- the markets have recovered more strongly here in the first quarter, but that's not what our guidance had assumed. Our guidance had actually assumed that it was a relatively stable -- consistent outlook for what we saw in the fourth quarter, which is what played out here in the first quarter, and we expect to play out for the rest of the year. So I don't know that it necessarily got worse in terms of what our guidance assumptions were. 
Maxwell Krakowiak: That's exactly right. And I would say as we get going throughout the rest of the year for Applied Genomics, it will improve from the first quarter. The fourth quarter will be its worst performance from an overall organic growth perspective. But when you look at multi-year stacks, although it's still improving in a discrete organic growth for the second through fourth quarters, the multiyear stack, we are actually assuming a little bit slower than the multiyear stack we had in the first quarter, which gives us confidence in terms of the rebound for that business for the rest of the year. 
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. I think maybe just to add more specifics to it, Vijay, in terms of what's changed in Q1 to Q2. To your point, reagents will get a little bit better as well Applied Genomics per my response to Doug. Really, what we're not assuming repeats in the second quarter, I think, is the robust growth we saw in both the Newborn business and Immunodiagnostics outside of China, they both continue to grow low double digits, mid-teens, respectively. And so I think we're just being a little bit more conservative in the assumptions for those in the second quarter. 
Maxwell Krakowiak: No. I mean I don't think there's discrete quarterly timing around the pricing there, Vijay. It's kind of a consistent pricing headwinds that we face over the course of the year. So I don't think there's anything specifically there to call from a corporate perspective. 
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes, as a reminder, too, we don't necessarily give outlooks on an end-market basis. And so, look, I think as you can hear from our executives that assuming a general change in the overall end market for pharma/biotech as we go throughout the course of this year. So that's probably the best insight I can give you on that question. 
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. I think as you -- as we look at the outlook for IDX, to your point, it was another strong first quarter here. We continue to expect the business to continue to perform well, even both in China for the rest of the year as well as outside of China. And so our expectation is that for the business for the full year, it's still going to grow in the high single digits. It's multiyear stack, they're still in line with our LRP. And it's really a combination of both the geographic expansion of our Immunodiagnostics portfolio, but then also the wave of innovation and menu expansion that we've been driving for the past couple of years. 
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes, it's a great question. So I would say from a cost perspective and really our operating margin initiatives, there is the short term and the long-term bucket. I think when we've talked about short term really for 2024, it's the structural actions we've been taking to remove the stranded costs really in relation to our SG&A functions. And so that has worked, has already mostly been done in the fourth and first quarter here. It's baked into our assumption for the full year. I think then when you look at it long term, it's a lot of the topics that we had mentioned in our prepared remarks this morning, really around in-sourcing, freight lane optimization, vendor consolidation, rooftop consolidation. And so those will continue to be areas that we're focused on executing over the next couple of years. It's part of our playbook for our LRP operating margin expansion. And so that's really probably the way I would think about those 2 different cost actions. 
