Prahlad Singh: Yeah, the only thing I would add Rob is that, Dan, the publication from the CE Mark data that should be out by the middle of the year in the process of submitting it. The Rhode Island study that you referred to, you'd probably see abstracts and presentations of that in the second half of the year rather than actual peer-reviewed publication.
Prahlad Singh: And just add to that Rob, especially in the US Tycho, the question that you asked, I think if it does if and when it does go leverage, this we actually see Vanadis as a potential advantage because the focus there is going to continue to be on 13, 18, 21 and cost and I think those are specific advantages that the Vanadis technology brings to the plate.
Prahlad Singh: Yeah, Steve, so the initial feedback from our customers has been very positive. In fact, the first two units which we had put in as RU units or research use units have now - those customers have taken on and converted into CE-IVD units and have transitioned it on to routine clinical use. And part of feedback that we are getting from our customers is the ease - not just to ease of use but also the way that they are used to sharing the data and the results with their constituents are easy because it's the same life cycle software that we were using for our biochemical screens on maternal and fetal health. So the end result is that the customers are seeing the same report out as they would for the biochemical. So overall the feedback has been very good. The clinical data and the response that we are seeing is equal to if not in some cases better than what they see for the NGS customers.
Prahlad Singh: In fact, these customers they are using biochemical screening. And these are the - well, two customers who have switched from biochemical to Vanadis technologies. As you know, in Europe, each country has its own reimbursement policies. And in these two countries, one is on the public side and one is on the private side. They have switched from biochemical to Vanadis.
Prahlad Singh: Yeah, actually the backlog for the testing lab is very healthy. Earlier we've shared that - the lab - the information systems, the internal software that we are using for LIMS. We have completed the beta testing and that will be fully operational into the lab at the end of the first quarter, early second quarter, and that has sort of allowed us to scale it at a much higher level than it is, but the backlog is very healthy.
Prahlad Singh: Yeah, so - this is Prahlad. I think the two aspects to the growth in the genomics testing business we are seeing, one is around our partnership with the pharma businesses that are focused on rare diseases and that's where primarily we have a large - a couple of large contracts that we are actualizing and moving forward. And the second piece is more around the two aspects to it. One is around the confirmatory testing around newborn screening. More and more of these states as we gain traction with them that helps and on the neuromuscular disorder relationships that we have. So those are the three aspects that have added to it.
Robert Friel: Yeah, sorry, we thought this as - I think a lot of that is just the business is executing much better. We've got a fair amount of training with the sales force and I think it's just the maturing of the processes. The other benefit we see is, we have come up with a fair amount of new products more recently. So if you remember Dan back in '17, we came out really more on the analytical side with inorganic portfolio. In '18, we out with a number of products in the life sciences particularly in the imaging area. One maybe I'll highlight in particular is our Lumina, both X5 and S5 is enabling high throughput in vivo imaging. Its high throughput, its multi-modality, it's a complete solution. And so in the imaging area, in particular, we're seeing very good traction there and we feel good about that. I would say that the last thing I'd maybe mention is, we've also over the last probably 12 to 18 months introduced a lot of reagents and I'll say non-rad agents and that's also driving a fair amount of growth. So I think we feel good about the long-term prospects for DAS, and like you said, I think, 5% seems like a sustainable level for us.
Robert Friel: Yes, I think, first of all, EUROIMMUN, we think had a very good quarter. I think Jamey mentioned it's like 16% or something like that. We're looking for a little higher revenue and that was something I think we mentioned back before, there's been one order that really is a minister of health at a country. And I think as we talked about before, one that over time, then there were some discussions about bundling that in a particular quarter. We thought that was going to be in the fourth quarter. It looks like that order now is going back to sort of over a period of time. And so, we haven't lost that order. It's just a question of, sort of, as you can imagine there's been a fair amount of volatility in that situation there. And so it looks like now it's going to be spread out over a number of quarters rather than sort of a lump-sum. And that's really what would happen in the quarter and why rather than $102 million it came in I think closer to $97 million or something like that, but continues to do well. We're seeing good traction across all their end markets. On the synergy side, Tycho, I think we continue to see increasing opportunities whether it's on the detection and imaging side, whether it's on the assay side. I would just give you one maybe data point. For Vanadis, we use I think it's 10 enzymes. And we asked the EUROIMMUN people to take a look at it. It looks like they can produce 9 out of 10 internal to EUROIMMUN. And obviously, in addition to being supplier within PerkinElmer, it looks like it can dramatically reduce our cost and improve the performance. So it's just another instance of where the more we learn and work with EUROIMMUN, we see greater opportunity across PerkinElmer to benefit both our existing products, as well as potentially new products and new market applications.
Robert Friel: Yes, I think the thing we've got to do right now Tycho is really get the publications out. I think it's really getting people sort of to understand the sensitivity of it and the performance of the products. I think if we can get that, I think, given the ease-of-use, given the cost, I think we'll be able to penetrate non-PerkinElmer biochemical customers.
Robert Friel: So first of all, with regard to the M&A activity, two things. I think Jamey mentioned the fact that because of our capability we'll probably be doing a little bit more. Obviously, 2018, I think we did deploy maybe $100 million or so as we wanted to pay down the debt from EUROIMMUN. So I think hopefully we'll be a little bit more aggressive from a size perspective. I would say the other thing is, we'd like to do more in DAS. If you look at the number of transactions that we did over the last two or maybe even three years was mostly on the Diagnostics side. Some of that was because we were putting DAS together. And as I mentioned, trying to get the maturity of the process into the leadership and the organization. So hopefully as we move into '19, we'll see a little bit more from an M&A perspective and it'll be more balanced between both DAS and Diagnostics.
Robert Friel: So let me start on the transient. So we actually have a product that I would say because of its sensitivity and versatility and I would say unique product features has so many - it requires a license because what I'll define as national security consideration. And I prefer not to go into a lot more than that other than again just sort of talk about the fact that this is a product that has the ability to look at atomic mass units, individual atomic mass units. And so consequently, it requires a US government export license and because of the shutdown for whatever 35 days things are - were concerned that things will be a little backed up there. And so we think some of that revenue for that product pushes out from Q1 to Q2. We'll see obviously we've been open for all about a week. We'll see how quickly we get those applications through the government, but we just thought it was prudent to call that out and sort of adjust our Q1 guidance accordingly. But let me be clear though. This is not revenue that will be lost. This is revenue that will just move potentially from Q1 to Q2. So if in fact we do not get the 2% revenue boost because of this product, it will just move into Q2.
Robert Friel: Okay. The second question you asked is sort of guide for 6%, and I would say you could probably put it into three categories and I would put it in a classification as we're trying to be prudent here relative to what we see as we think about 2019. First of all, we had very good growth in the pharma life sciences area in 2018 and we think that moderates particularly as you get into the back half of '19. And one of the reasons for that is we've seen - in 2018, we had a very nice ramp up in OneSource. There are some opportunities in OneSource for '19, but they have a tendency to be in the latter part of this year. And so we don't know that they'll have a material impact on 2019. So I'd say that's one area. We have sort of dialed back a little bit on the industrial side. The industrial and environmental side that grew sort of mid-single digits for us last year and we're assuming that's probably a little lighter in 2019. And the third area is China for us, again grew double digits. If you recall in 2018, in the beginning of 2018, we were concerned that that would moderate the high single digits. It actually did not and so that was one of the upsides we saw in 2018. As we say in 2019, we think it's prudent to plan China at high single digits and again we'll see what happens. But that's fundamentally what's driving 6% versus the 7% in 2018.
Robert Friel: So I would say for 2019, we're assuming Vanadis - I mean EUROIMMUN is very similar to what we assume going into 2018, which again is consistent with what we did in the acquisition model. And again, if you recall Steve, this was a business that sort of grew in the high teens. We said for purposes of the modeling, for assumptions, we were assuming something in the sort of 13% to 14% range and so that will be consistent. The backlog for the testing lab, I don't know, Prahlad...
Robert Friel: So I would say for 2019, we're assuming DAS does sort of mid-single, so called 5-ish, and we're thinking Diagnostics does high single and call that sort of 8-ish. Those are the numbers out, we're sort of assuming in the 6%. With regard to the various groups, as I mentioned before, we think pharma moderates a little bit. If you look at 2018, we did 8% in pharma and we think that comes down a little bit, maybe 100 basis points or something like that. As I mentioned, food, we think continues to high single digit, driven to some extent by cannabis. So as I mentioned before, I think, our assumption is that industrial and to some extent environmental sort of moderates a little bit, where that goes from sort of mid-single digits to low single digits. That's sort of the composition of DAS. Diagnostics, I already mentioned what EUROIMMUN does. I think we're saying reproductive health in sort of high-single digits, mid-single digits, probably in the 7% range, something like that, and applied genomics, probably mid-single digits. And then the immunodiagnostics for PerkinElmer as compared EUROIMMUN is probably high-single digits.
Robert Friel: Yeah, first of all, I'd say, the US is performing well. It had very strong growth in 2018 for relatively low base. I would say that our marketing efforts and the FDA approval process continues to go well. I think, at last check, we have about 50 assays that are now approved in the US. And I don't know there's another 12 or 13 in the pipeline or something like that. So we continue to be very bullish on the US side. And like I said, I think the integration is going well. We've trained the respective sales forces. We've moved over the service engineers, so now we're providing our service on EUROIMMUN products. So I would say, yeah, we feel very good about the opportunities in the US.
Robert Friel: So let me start and then I'll turn it over to Jamey to get - maybe a little bit more into the specifics. But let me address and I would say, this would apply to sort of Q4 as well as 2018. And so when I think about margins and let me do it relative to our plan and our guidance for 2018. So if you recall back in - beginning of 2018, we've said 4% to 5% organic growth, 70%, 90% of operating margin and $3.50 of EPS. And as we go into the year, we - three things I would say we saw. One is, revenue was coming in better. Our tax rate, we realized was going to come down a couple of hundred basis points. And I would say, we continue to see fairly significant opportunities to invest for growth. So we made a fairly conscious decision to take that upside, both on the revenue and the tax and invest some of that in growth and we'll say higher R&D, R&D was up, in particular, in the latter half of the year and in selling and marketing and returned some of that in the form of higher EPS. And to just give you a rough estimate, our investments in selling and marketing and R&D relative to the beginning of the year is up about $15 million and we beat EPS by $0.11, which is about $15 million. So if you look at the tax savings and if you look at the revenue, now there is some foreign exchange noise in there as well. But basically we took half of it and put it in growth and put half of it and put it in higher EPS growth. And so we ended the year beating EPS by $0.11 and accelerating our top line growth by 250 basis point and we feel very good about that. The issue is that the geography on the P&L doesn't match up, because the investments that go into operating expenses offset the incremental revenue and impact the operating margin, but the flow-through on the tax obviously is below the operating margin line. So the way we thought about 2018 was to take the growth and the tax, invest it back, accelerate the organic growth rate. And like I said, the net result of that was a very strong EPS growth, beating by $0.11 and we believe accelerating the opportunities on the organic growth. You've seen that in '19 and you will continue to see that in '20. So again to answer your question, how do we get to 120 basis to 150 basis points, Jamey can sort of take you through the specifics of that, but we do not anticipate doing that again in 2019 unless possibly we see another opportunity because our revenue is cranking up and we're going to be significant below the tax rate.
Robert Friel: I'll say one other thing and I get constantly corrected by the person who runs this business. So we have a tendency to describe this business as DNA testing. And in fact, we do some DNA testing, but what we also do is we do protein, we do biochemical, we do a lot of other things. And when you ask how do we compete with the larger labs? My understanding is, we are unique in the ability to offer that complete solution. And so a lot of instances, the reason why we win is because we're not just looking at DNA, we can look at enzymes, we can look at a lot of other areas, and that's differentiated in the marketplace.
Robert Friel: Yeah, so - in terms of 2018 EUROIMMUN outperformed what we were thinking from a merchandise standpoint. So we went into new year thinking something like 19% to 20% and it's north of that at this point, let's call it, 21%. So it's done nice. It's definitely a lot driven by volume. But if we look at kind of the future here and what we can do, I think, we've been still pretty light touch from an integration and synergy perspective, so there should be a long way to go here in terms of margin expansion. As we compare that to the core business being more like a 30% OM or high 20s OM. There's obviously a lot of room here. Baked into the guidance next year is something a little bit north of the 120 basis points to 150 basis points that'll - we will continue to get some additional leverage from your EUROIMMUN, but it looks good and it outperformed in this year.
Robert Friel: As Jamey alluded to, it's pretty broad-based. I think some of that is the new products. But I would say if you look across a number of end markets, we're seeing good growth. The other one, not a big driver though, obviously cannabis is fundamentally all North American. So that's a driver as well.
Robert Friel: Yes. I would say we continue to be confident in the high single-digit growth by 2020. And I think what gets us there is the number of, well, I guess what we're referring to as growth accelerators. So as we get into 2020, we expect Vanadis to start to step up nicely. The genetic testing business I think will continue to do well. I think in the food area broadly, and then maybe specific on the cannabis side, I think that provides a fair nice upside for us. And I would say, the last thing maybe I'll mention is, we've got a number of new products particularly on the DAS side that probably comes out in the latter part of this year and early into 2020 and we think that can generate some additional demands as well.
Robert Friel: Yeah, I would say we're maintaining that number for 2019 as well. Like I said, we've got a number of new products that are sort of coming out later in the half of the - second half of 2019 and so we're maintaining the $50 million. And - but I would say, as we get into 2020, I think that number will sort of step up pretty nicely.
Robert Friel: All right. Well, thank you Valerie, and thank you all for your questions and interest in PerkinElmer. I look forward to updating you on the progress we're making as we take advantage of the numerous opportunities we see this year to both drive long-term growth and improve our profitability and increase the impact we're having on global health. Thanks everyone and have a great evening.
James Mock: Sure, yes. Hi Dan. I would say there were probably two key things, one we knew about and one that changed. So I mentioned the multispectral imaging sale and how that impacted gross margins in the quarter by 25 basis points and that's basically we have now - we're producing that product for the buyer, but we had a very thin margin on that. So our revenue has stepped down quite a bit and that's about 25 basis point headwind. The other thing I would say changed in the quarter on us is, we sold a little less reagents in EUROIMMUN and have a little bit more instruments. So we guided $102 million for EUROIMMUN, it came in at $97 million. So $5 million and a 30% to 40% margin delta on that had an impact on our gross margin line. Otherwise we think it was pretty much in line with what we were anticipating. And then for 2019, we continue to see - we believe that those should be a good - a large portion of this 120 basis points to 150 basis points OM expansion should come through the gross margin line, probably north of 100 basis points. And part of that is what Rob has continued to outline, wherein we've all continued to outline little bit of product mix incremental look better. I think we - as we said at JP Morgan, our incremental this year were at 26% and if we go up to 28% that should help us. And then a little bit of operating - well if operating leverage on the OEM line should get us the whole way there for the 120 basis points to 150 points.
James Mock: Yeah, I would say right now in our model, I think I talked about this in the past. For the first couple of years, we just assumed their margin expansion would be volume driven, so obviously they get leveraged on for their fixed cost. But I think now, owning it now, let's call it, 15 months or something like that, I think we continue to see significant opportunity to go in and maybe some - drive some synergies on the cost side and not disrupt the revenue growth. So I think as we get into 2019, we'll see opportunities, to sort of leverage, what they're doing on the R&D side. I mentioned the fact that the enzymes for Vanadis, there's a number of antigens, they could make for PerkinElmer and I think just on the material productivity and even on the commercial side. I think as we get into '19, we'll be able to do - we'll be able to drive some margin expansion beyond just leverage.
James Mock: I think we appreciate our investment-grade rating. So - but we've been willing to take up to a little over 3.5 times. So absent acquisition, we think we can get down to a net debt-to-EBITDA a little over 2 times and EBITDA should be north closer to $700 million here. So we'd probably have $700 million to $1 billion of firepower for next year.
James Mock: Yeah, I mean, I think the US has been driven largely by - DAS has been strong, DX is also strong. But I'd say pharma biotech in the US, detection and imaging and enterprise was very strong across this year. I think Rob mentioned that. Some of our enterprise wins have been more in the US and have had a nice revenue growth for us in 2018. So that probably drove a little bit more of the uptick versus the rest of the regions.
James Mock: Yeah, exactly. Good question. So we right now do not assume share repurchase. We've assumed pay down of our debt and guided to this kind of EPS range. And any acquisition or share repurchase would have to be accretive. This is our kind of thinking here. So we've kind of modeled, like I said, nearly $112 million. We ended this year at $111.3 million. So obviously it will dilute up a little bit next year in our guidance but obviously that will change throughout the year as we see acquisition targets and look at potentially buying back shares.
James Mock: Yeah, including the Dani deal. So we did a handful of small acquisitions this past year and the multispectral imaging taken out that revenue, and offsetting it with some of the other acquisitions, it's neutral to the year. That's the way to think about it.
James Mock: That maybe I'll start, Rob. So in terms of earnings, besides from this first government shutdown issue, our profile of earnings is not a lot different than what you'll see on a percentage basis that we did in 2018. So I'll start there. And then in terms of the organic growth rate 4%, like I said, it would be 6% which is right in line with our guidance for the year. So we feel pretty good about that.
James Mock: Sure. Hey Brandon. Yeah, I think cash was a little light here at the end of the year, all attributed to working capital. Inventory was kind of where we're starting to plan it to; had a little bit of uptick throughout the year, but that should normalize next year. Receivables, it just was a function of most of our sales in terms in shipments happened in the month of December. So an $80 million uptick was solely attributed to the fact that we shipped a lot in December and it should be collected mostly in the first quarter of next year. So we do anticipate that coming back next year. So that's first. And then CapEx, I think - so CapEx, we're still planning on something like $80 million for next year. This year, we were up to something like $90 million, but next year I think we're starting - we believe we can start taking down EUROIMMUN. We've also invested in a lot of the planned transitions already. So some of those should come down, so I'd pencil that in, Brandon.
