James Mock: Mike, so yes, we are proud to have this renewed. The way I think about it is, while it's renewed for a year, really COVID is such a fluid environment, and we continue to work with the state that it's more like a quarter-by-quarter basis. So as you may know, if you read the contract, the state has the ability to cancel within 45 days. So we really only have line of sight to the next 90 days at this point. We also restructured it to take down the capacity to 40,000 tests per day. We also restructured the variable fees. So for the most part, it's a pretty steady base in terms of revenue irregardless of whether it's 20,000 tests per day or 40,000 tests per day, the revenue remains relatively stagnant and the fourth quarter is probably to the tune of about $90 million baked into our estimate.
James Mock: Yes, it's a little over 20%, Mike. And I would say Diagnostics led the way. DAS was still double digits, but DAS didn't go down as much last year, if you remember, it's a little bit of an easier comp from a Diagnostics perspective because much of the reproductive health and autoimmune testing shut down really in the second quarter last year, a little bit in the first quarter. By the third quarter, it started to come back, but I'd say it's a little bit of an easier comp on the Diagnostics side, but both businesses grew nicely and have for the last 3 quarters here.
James Mock: Yes. I mean just building off what Prahlad said, Tycho, I mean, I think we're prepared for that. I think it's inevitable at some point. I don't think localization has been a new thing. It might get a little bit more discussion recently. Now it's kind of impacted some of the Diagnostics products. But we've got 5 sites there. We're localizing EUROIMMUN there. They should be ready to produce locally in 2022. We've got over 2,000 people there. We have terrific local brands. We've got a long-standing relationship. And I think it still comes down to every challenge is a bit of an opportunity. So yes, there might be pricing discussions on tenders, but if you have the best value prop, you can also gain a lot of share. So inevitably, that will come someday, and we'll manage through it, but we have 2 terrific businesses in autoimmune testing as well as reproductive health. And it hasn't hit us yet, but I don't think -- I think it will hit us at some point here.
James Mock: And I think maybe you saw, Tycho, that the government has come out and tried to say there's no disadvantage for multinational companies that are local in China. So to Prahlad's point, we have the reproductive health side that's local there and the EUROIMMUN side will be local by the start of '22.
James Mock: Yes. So on the instrument side, yes, they will come down really in 2 areas, Tycho. So our applied genomics business from a core perspective or non-COVID, I should say, has been growing like gangbusters. I think over 50% I had in my prepared remarks. So I don't -- I think it's still strong, but I don't think it's going to continue at the 50% level. So we kind of took that down a little bit looking forward here. And then really, we've just put a little bit of cushion on all of our instruments in terms of some of the supply chain disruption that's out there. So we feel pretty confident about the guide and instruments will come down a little bit, but we've been able to manage to it to date then and hopefully, you'll see us beat the guide again here.
James Mock: Yes, 2022. Yes, not too much. I think the way we think about the business in terms of the core growing 5% to 7% and then the numerous acquisitions have all been mid-teens to high double-digit growers, and I don't think anything has changed there. So as we head into 2022, the end market still seems strong, and we feel pretty confident about the 5% to 7%.
James Mock: I think they're all durable, Matt, I would say mix is probably the biggest beneficiary, particularly in the discovery and life sciences side as that becomes a bigger portion of DAS, it typically comes with higher margins. Now with the addition of BioLegend and now having a $700 million reagent business sitting in DAS, in terms of life sciences, those normally come with pretty high profit margins. So I'd say mix going forward will be durable and probably the biggest driver. Certainly, there are programs that we've been putting in place that we've been talking about in terms of better procurement as we roll out NPIs, refreshing all the configurations and the number of configurations we have and the simplicity of them. We've been doing a little bit around sites, and we've been doing a lot with our service team to be more efficient from a royalty service perspective. So I think all are durable, but I think the quickest biggest impact you get is from mix. And I think that's what you're seeing in DAS this quarter with life sciences growing double-digits here.
James Mock: Yes, it's a good question, Vijay. I think it's probably more towards the conservatism side. So I'd start by saying the end markets are terrific right now. All of them have been growing at least mid-single digit for us, many well north of double-digit. Our backlog has grown substantially this year and even over the last quarter. I think the little bit that we put into the fourth quarter here, you can call it conservatism, is 2 things basically, any impact from any potential supply chain disruption, which we can talk about more, but we haven't seen too much of today, and that includes transportation as well. And then anything that's going on around COVID lockdowns, particularly in APAC. So -- and we have seen pockets of it, particularly in our newborn screening business in places like the Philippines and Vietnam, where our screening has just been reduced. So those are the 2 factors that we put in. Otherwise, the end markets have been strong. We're not too concerned about it. The backlog is up. So hopefully, it proves to be conservative, but I think it's a prudent thing to do at this time.
James Mock: Let me just clarify one thing, Vijay, just about the 5% to 7%. The 5% to 7% is on the core business before all the acquisitions. So just to make sure everybody is clear about that, the 5% to 7% ultimately will not be 5% to 7% when we roll on the acquisitions. So Oxford will roll in there in 2022 into our organic base, Horizon, Nexcelom all these -- that will raise the 5% to 7%. We were just going back to our long-range plan to say, look, we broke it up into 2 things at the time. One was before the acquisitions, that goes 5% to 7%, then here's the 9 acquisitions we've done. That grows obviously more than 5% to 7%. And then BioLegend by itself is obviously very impactful as well. So the 5% to 7% was prior to the acquisitions. The acquisitions will ultimately make that higher.
James Mock: Yes. Sure. I mean, we certainly see it both on the disruption side. And I would say it's a little bit easier for us for mostly air versus any kind of water travels from a shipping standpoint. From a supply chain perspective, we've been all over. The team has done an amazing job. I think there was a very minor impact to the third quarter and our backlog obviously grew substantially as well. Inflation, we started to see it. We're looking at what we're doing around price and putting some things into effect right now. But we also had some good things to do. As you might remember, we've been talking about a refreshed procurement process. So we've been able to mitigate some of this. So it's certainly there, Patrick, and we're dealing with it. But we've got a happy medium here where we've got a good size from a scale perspective company, but also we operate very -- in a very agile fashion. So team has been doing a great job managing through it. We put a little bit of buffer into the fourth quarter here, as I mentioned, it will be a non-impact for us.
James Mock: Yes. Thanks, Brandon. So gross margin specific to the fourth quarter, I would assume it comes down a little bit here, Brandon. So with COVID being $300 million in the third quarter, going down to $200 million in the fourth quarter, you'll see that come down a little bit. And then the core comes up, so we always have a bigger volume quarter in the fourth quarter. So I would expect gross margins to tick down a little bit. Tax rate for 2022, I think, is anybody's guess based on tax reform out there. So certainly, I think we guided to 21% this year versus a couple of years ago, I think we were 16% or something like that. And obviously, COVID has played a big role in that with greater income and higher tax jurisdictions. So I think our tax rate in 2022 is dependent upon 2 things: one, your view on COVID and how much revenue will be there from that because it comes typically with a higher tax rate; and two, what happens with tax reform. So today that has not been changed, but none of our assumptions have taken into account any kind of particular tax reform changes. So hopefully that helps, Brandon.
James Mock: No, DAS definitely outperformed as well. I would say life sciences continues to remain strong. applied markets or our analytical technology products was strong for us again. And on the DX side, I mean, really, EUROIMMUN has done extremely well and has continued to do well. But I'd just say our applied genomics business ex-COVID has continued to be quite strong. So I think that probably surpassed our expectation to have the third quarter in a row that I think we've been over 30%, 40%. So that's probably continues to hang in there. And I mentioned in my prepared remarks that, that business, our brand recognition there is probably one of the biggest benefits that we have coming out of COVID here.
James Mock: I think it could be both, it could be both, Josh. I mean we've continued to invest through this. And certainly, I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we're investing in our talent and culture. We're investing in extra R&D, particularly on the core business as a percent of sales that is far up. We're investing in digital. And all these things will be -- and we believe benefit us moving forward here. And should there be extra sales and extra income, we still feel confident in the margin expansion targets, but it also provides for an opportunity to continue to reinvest back in the business. So I think it's a bit of both its either derisk and/or we can make additional investments or you'll see some upside come through versus our long-range plan.
James Mock: Sure. Yes. I mean, Paul, well, now life sciences makes up over 60% of DAS. So I'll start there. And in particular, our discovery business, both on a lot of the NPIs we've had in terms of our high content screening business, some of our in vivo products have been operating terrifically. On the reagent side, it's been strong across all regions. We've had a nice cadence of NPIs, different application areas in terms of oncology, and cell and gene therapy have been strong for us. So life sciences, those are a few of the areas. In the analytical and applied markets, Paul. So it's been more on the semiconductor side, I would say, chemicals and energy was pretty strong for us. And so we launched our Triple Quad. And so our ICP and ICP mass business has been extremely strong for us. But I think in general, the whole analytical technologies portfolio, we've had a better cadence of NPIs, which has been proving to benefit the DAS business. And so that's why I see continued strength there.
James Mock: I believe so in the life sciences side, on the analytical technology side, I think particularly in spectroscopy, we've always had good share. Hard to say whether we're gaining a lot of share at this point.
Prahlad Singh: Yes. Mike, let me just take sort of what the noise that we are hearing. I mean, it goes both whereas the situation in China, as you know, I mean, some news came out this morning around lockdowns in certain provinces and areas. So it continues to remain fluid. And I think -- but overall, for us, as we look at it, including in China, our end markets continue to remain strong, our backlog is the best that it has ever been and both from a China perspective and across, we continue to execute well. So mid-to-longer term, we continue to feel good about China. I think we just have to keep our eyes open and be vigilant about what happens vis-a-vis with the lockdowns that are taking place.
Prahlad Singh: And Tycho, I think as we've shared in the past, we've already transitioned most of our reproductive health reagents, manufacturing in Taicang. So that transition has already taken place over several years, as Jamey pointed out, this is not something new. This has been -- and immunodiagnostics is a very small component of our overall revenue, so.
Prahlad Singh: I mean look, Vijay, I think we extensively talked about this at the Analyst Day and then even at the end of the last earnings call. I could not be more confident about the future of PerkinElmer than I am today. The end markets that we are playing in, the portfolio alignment that we have done around growth markets of life sciences and diagnostics, and the team and the talent that we have put in place, and that's executing on all cylinders. So there is no hesitancy on our part in saying that the future is very bright. And if you're asking specifically around 2022, I don't think we are doing guidance right now, but Jamey is there.
Prahlad Singh: Yes. I mean you heard from Peter around Oxford, Patrick. I mean he elucidated pretty well. The technology synergies, the opportunities around service, commercial. And then I think the theme is the same across the Board, whether you look at Nexcelom or Horizon. The ability to be able to leverage our commercial presence, which is direct in more than 180-plus countries, which most of these companies do not have access to that are distributor manage. Then the second one is around technologies. The portfolio that we bring together around instruments, around service is much -- is very helpful for the acquired companies. And the third one, obviously, is around technology. As these discussions and interactions happen, I think Peter gave an example around a couple of them and even with BioLegend, we've become one of our primary source of raw material supply that we want from antibodies. So I think those are the 3 elements that I would point out to. And just to give you an example, and I think Jamey or I mentioned during our prepared remarks, we are having an Innovation Summit at the BioLegend campus in a couple of weeks, where our approach is around 3 verticals or 3 pillars: cell and gene therapy, diagnostics and everything else around genomics, and what the opportunity is for us to leverage the synergies that we can see, primarily from a technology perspective. So I think we'll continue. And then hopefully, over the next couple of months, we will be able to provide more detail around that. But Patrick, hopefully, that gives you a sense of how we are looking at this.
Prahlad Singh: Yes. I mean, I would sort of reemphasize that. I really feel strongly that our size and scale gives us more speed and agility than one would imagine to be able to rapidly marshal resources around some of these challenges. And then I think the COVID has -- the COVID pandemic has taught us how to become much more agile and much more reactive to such challenges.
Prahlad Singh: Thank you, Norma, and thank you all for dialing in today. We are very excited and remain very excited with the trajectory on which the new PerkinElmer is embarked on and are very proud of the accomplishments that the team has achieved in the third quarter. And I'm very thankful to my 15,000 colleagues around the world for their continued hard work and contributions. I look forward to speaking to you all soon. Please stay safe and healthy. Thank you.
