Robert F. Friel: Yes, so first of all, our plan is to ramp up R&D. And I would say when you look at 2014, as you pointed out, part of that was a purposeful slowdown in spending. But probably the bigger impact was our ability to hire the engineers or find the engineers that we were looking for. And so as we talked about, I think, in the beginning of '14, we had a significant ramp-up of employment planned in Hopkinton and, quite frankly, it's taken us longer to find the qualified people to sort of fill those slots. So hopefully, we'll continue to succeed in that area. See the other area that we've been focused on ramping up is informatics software engineers, and again they are -- have been somewhat troublesome to find. And we've seen some good progress here probably in the last 30 to 60 days. So I think it's fair to expect an increase in R&D spending in 2015, and we'll continue to layer that in. Your other question was with regard to new product revenue. Clearly, we would expect an annualization of the revenue we saw in the second half. So I would say we're probably looking for something in the $30 million to $35 million of benefit from new products for the entire 2015.
Robert F. Friel: So first of all, from our perspective, I think we feel pretty good about the capability we have to continue to do acquisitions and potentially buy back shares as well. So I think our slight preference is to do bolt-on acquisitions that add big capability both from a technology and an organizational capability. To the extent we can't find appropriate assets or the valuations are challenging, we would buy back stock. When we think about, over the next couple of years, we feel like we've probably got $1 billion of capability between the cash flow we -- the free cash flow we generate and the capacity we have on the balance sheet. We would be comfortable probably at 2.5x EBITDA, maybe stretching a little bit above that. But I think when you look at the combination, that's probably $1 billion of capability. With regard to the competitive environment, as I sort of alluded to before, I would say valuations are -- continue to be high. Makes sense relative to the cost of capital. So my sense is, increasingly, to make good assets work, you've got to have good synergies, and it's got to make sense relative -- either from a technology or from a market -- accessing customers. So we still see pretty good assets out there and we've got a pretty full pipeline. One of the things we did do in 2014 is we significantly ramped up our internal capabilities around business development. And so consequently, I think we've seen -- we've built a nice pipeline and we continue to feel optimistic about our ability to continue to bring in some great assets over the next couple of quarters.
Robert F. Friel: Yes so first of all, on a geographic basis in the environmental, we saw pretty good growth across all the geographies. So whether it was Europe, Asia or Americas, it was all around mid-single digits. Actually maybe Europe was a little bit higher. But within those 3 geographies, the growth of environmental was between 5% and 7%, so it was pretty broad-based. However, when you look at the segments, industrial was lower than the sort of core environmental and food. So if you look at industrial was sort of low-single digits, whereas sort of environmental food and water was sort of again closer to the mid to high. So there was bifurcation from an end-market perspective. But geographically, it was fairly broad-based. And again, just even within China, we saw some nice recovery and within environmental. Greater China grew high-single digits.
Robert F. Friel: Yes, I still think we see a number of opportunities to improve the efficiency of the operations. And we've talked in the past about the fact that we've done a lot around our factory consolidation. But purposely, while we were doing that, we were not as focused on switching our supply base out, for example, because we didn't want to be both moving the factory and moving the supply base. We think there's opportunity to continue to get better leverage there. We've talked about -- I know Andy's been talking about the big initiative around indirect spend. We continue to get good traction there. And doing some things on how we go to market, whether it's more effectively utilizing the web or some of our back-office capabilities. So we continue to see a number of opportunities to drive efficiencies and improve margins outright. But quite frankly, I think now that we're at the level, call it 18%, we do want to shift our focus a little bit more to growth. And so going back to sort of Doug's original question, I'm hopeful that we will be able to take up our spend around innovation. And we talked about opening up the China lab. There's another -- a number of great opportunities we see to take advantage of what we think are some terrific market positions that we have.
Robert F. Friel: Well, I'd start off by saying, I mean, I think the great thing about PerkinElmer right now is if you look at research, if you look at diagnostics, if you look at environmental, all those I think are attractive end markets. So we've got potential targets in all of those. From a prioritization standpoint though, we would probably put diagnostics probably a little bit higher. We just -- and I think we like the macro trends there, particularly in the areas we operate in. When you think about what's potentially -- the rising middle class, particularly in the emerging markets, and the continued pressure that's going to put on access to health care and aspects of newborn and infectious disease. So I would say that has a little bit of a maybe higher priority for us. We like the environmental area especially -- particularly food. And even within the research area, there's some areas that -- from a technology perspective. The great thing about informatics and why we also have been focused on informatics is we believe they leverage across all 3 markets. So again, we're looking for targets in all of those areas. But like I said, probably diagnostics in certain aspects within environmental probably have a little higher priority for us.
Robert F. Friel: Yes, I think some of it is in software. But it's broader areas. There's areas like certain technologies. I think I mentioned the -- specifically, optics. So if you look at whether it's diagnostics, research or environmental, we do a number of things that require -- obviously when you're into detection and imaging, optics is a big component of that. If you look at algorithms, right, again because it's -- when you're taking readings off of instruments and converting that into data and information, there's algorithms. There's service benefits across the portfolio. So I think there's a number of technologies that leverage across. Obviously, there's software that leverages across and then things like brand and financial capability and sort of organizations. So we like being about Human and Environmental Health. It gives us access to customers and information that we can leverage across the businesses.
Robert F. Friel: Yes, so if you look at China for us in 2014, it was in the high-single digits, because I think I talked about before, there was fairly big disparity between Human Health and Environmental Health. I would say for 2015, we would say similar top line growth for the company. So again, sort of high-single digit growth. Our expectation though is it would be sort of closer linkage between Environmental and Human Health. So similar growth to what we saw in 2014 but hopefully a little closer linkage between Human and Environmental Health.
Robert F. Friel: We don't believe that a significant contributor was budget flush, quite frankly. I mean if you look at within the specific growth of 7%, again, we saw higher growth on the service side. So service was stronger than the product. The product was still growing nicely, but we saw it higher on the service part. But we don't believe so [ph]. And again, as I sort of alluded to before, it was pretty broad-based across the geographies. I mean, I think some of that is attributable to better execution, quite frankly, within the businesses and maybe some improved market conditions, particularly in China.
Robert F. Friel: Our view right now is market conditions for the early part of '15 has been very similar to what we saw in the fourth quarter.
Robert F. Friel: First of all, we saw a very nice growth in China in newborn in the fourth quarter and, in fact, for the entire year. But I would describe the growth in China as more testing more children than expanding the menu. And I think right now, at least with our discussions with the government officials there, I think there's a higher priority around getting all the children screened at least the 2 to 4 before you'll see a big push on expanding. Some of that may happen in parallel. But if you look at our growth in 2014, it was probably more screening more children than it is absolute menu expansion. As we get into '15 and '16, I think then you'll hopefully see some more menu expansion where, as we mentioned, we go to 4 or 5, getting maybe even some mass spec screening. But clearly, what we saw in '14 was less menu expansion and more -- screening more children.
Robert F. Friel: It's still province-by-province and it's starting to roll out but as, I think, we suggested earlier, it's sort of slower ramp than anticipated. So I think we talked a lot about probably seeing the uptick more in the back half of '15 as compared to early '15.
Robert F. Friel: And I mean, it speaks a little bit to the leverage we get on volume growth. I mean, one of the things that you look at -- as PerkinElmer starts to do $600 million of revenue or north of that, we can produce a lot of incremental profitability. So in the quarter, we're 21.5% operating margin. Then it speaks to the leverage we get, particularly off of SG&A, but also some of the other fixed costs. So I mean, obviously that's going back to my prior comments around trying to get the growth cranked up. I mean, if we could get to the point where we're generating revenue significantly above the breakeven, we start to see very high flow-through of the profitability because clearly the SG&A and a lot of our costs do not scale with the revenue.
Robert F. Friel: And I think we factored that into our guidance. We don't think it's going to be a significant impact on the top line because, fundamentally, what you're doing is you're picking up a couple of days at the end of '14 and a couple of days at the early part of '16. So that the week we get is really the 29th, 30th and 31st of December in '14, and the 1st, 2nd, 3rd and 4th of January. Our sense is maybe that's $15 million to $20 million of revenue. And some associated profit flows through from that. So -- and again, we sort of factored that in the 3% to 5% growth guidance.
Robert F. Friel: I would say it's our goal. I think what makes that more challenging is where the dollar is right now. So -- and particularly if it's going to continue to strengthen. So while we still have the goal out there internally and we're trying to get to 20% by 2017, I think of the euro at $1.12, and like I said, and if it continues to sort of march towards parity, I think 20% operating margins, I don't think they become impossible but it gets a lot more challenging.
Robert F. Friel: So if we're talking specifically about Human Health, the offset was medical imaging, as we mentioned, was sort of down mid-single digits. So that's why you're seeing Human Health pulled down a little bit from sort of the 5 to 6 it's been historically down to 3. If you're talking more specifically around research and what needs to happen there, I think a couple of things is as we continue to get new products out in those areas that we're focused like microfluidics and imaging, and -- what will move is radiochemicals becomes a smaller percentage of the whole. So obviously, we've -- that's a drag. But I think the other thing is we've talked about informatics, which is in the research area, had a very strong 2013. In the back half of 2014, it wasn't as strong because of difficult comps but also because we're investing a lot in a new offering around the cloud. And so we're optimistic that for '15, you'll see informatics return to sort of a high-single, low-digit -- double-digit growth. So it's a combination of getting new products out. Second thing is getting informatics growing again at sort of a double-digit rate and sort of averaging radiochemicals down to a smaller percentage of the business.
Robert F. Friel: Well, going back to the comment earlier, we had set a goal of 20% by the end of '17, and we felt fairly confident we could get there based on both the success that we've had previously and the opportunities we see going forward. But as I mentioned before, that's still a goal of ours. It's just a little bit more difficult given the headwinds associated with foreign exchange. So we haven't come out with a new goal relative to 20% because we're waiting to see whether the strength of the dollar is a short term, long term and where it goes. But I would say for now, the 20% is the goal that we've got out there.
Robert F. Friel: But as a general rule, the idea of 75 basis points a year, plus maybe some benefit from acquisitions or capital deployment, et cetera, I think still holds.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. So your assumption is correct. U.S. improved incrementally, as did the outside the U.S. So we saw growth across both. As you could imagine, in the U.S., it was sort of more menu expansion, whereas outside, it was more -- we continue to get good penetration. I think the other opportunity as we look out, as you probably saw, we just got FDA approval for our SCID assay. And we're very excited about that, and we've actually started some pilot programs actually outside the U.S. So for example, France is doing a pilot program. So we think there is continued opportunity, even within the developed world, to expand the menu. So we continue to be quite bullish on the newborn screening growth prospects.
Robert F. Friel: Our statistics, as I think Andy mentioned, would indicate the birthrates are up about 2% on a trailing 12 months. So obviously, that helps from a volume perspective.
Robert F. Friel: I would say the other thing -- and I mentioned in fact that we are expecting to introduce some new products at PITTCON, which is the analytical instruments show in early March. And so we're looking to get some nice tailwinds from that, particularly in the back half of the year. And so that's also skewing some of the growth and profitability in the back half.
Robert F. Friel: So first of all, the answer is yes. We do expect medical imaging to be sort of mid-single digits in 2015. I think, Andy, in his prepared remarks, mentioned a little bit of some customer ordering patterns that created some difficulty, particularly in Q4. I think the answer to your question about why the margins were sort of high is, first of all, we had some favorable mix during the fourth quarter, as I sort of alluded to. Newborn screening was very strong, and that's probably one of our highest profitable business. I think the other thing, going to the overall point that I made before, is when volume increases, we create a lot of profitability on an incremental basis. And so that's particularly true in Human Health, where you've got high reagent flow, which, of course, has very high gross margins associated with it.
Robert F. Friel: So the radio chemical business for us, it's -- I call it $90 million of revenue, just to give you a sense of the size of that business. The in vivo imaging business, I would say for the fourth quarter was slow relative -- and I think, to a large extent, that was associated by -- as I mentioned before some of the austerity we're seeing around academic spending. We do believe or we expect in 2015, we'll see that business be up again in the sort of mid- to high-single digits.
Robert F. Friel: Yes, I mean, I think the multi-vendor service area has been one that's been fairly competitive for a period of time, right? There's a number of strong competitors out there. I think we've got a little bit of a first-mover advantage. And the other thing I think that helps us is that our informatics capabilities, which we've been leveraging, the Ceiba acquisition was -- helped bolster that as well. So I think the combination of being incumbents in a lot of areas, having the strong software capability and being quite successful at it continues to us take our fair share, but it is a very competitive environment.
Robert F. Friel: My sense is that you expect us to be most focused on, I mean, maybe potential adjacencies for those areas, but unlikely that you're going to see us make a significant move outside. Clearly, an area of molecular diagnostics might be one, where you think about the opportunity to take that into the -- our current markets that we serve. But a few things that we're going to look for are stuff that are adjacent to what we do, that we can -- are consistent with the channels that we have or the technologies we can deploy into our existing customer base.
Robert F. Friel: Yes, so the current screening in China is in the 65% to 70% range. I think what you're referring to is 2015 is the Year of the Goat. And so apparently, Chinese do not want to have children in the Year of the Goat because there's negative implications to that. And we've actually seen some of that impact in our prenatal business because that's a very good precursor to newborn rates. 30% sounds like a pretty high number to me. And of course, what's offsetting that to some extent is the release -- or the loosening of the one-child policy. And so the answer to your question is we do believe we can continue to grow the newborn business in 2015 despite it being the Year of the Goat.
Robert F. Friel: I would say generally speaking, pricing for us has not had a material impact one way or another if you look historically, and consequently we haven't factored into it having a large impact in 2015. I think if you look at all of last year, pricing was in sort of 50-basis-point help. So I would say for 2015, our assumptions are that similar level, maybe 50 basis points of increase in price. So that the majority of the volume is going to -- majority of the growth is going to come from volume. To give you a sense by business, I think it's fairly well distributed. I think as we think about '15 right now, it's probably Environmental and Human Health, similar growth trajectories, I would say, in the 3% to 5% range. When you look within Human Health, diagnostics will probably be a little at the higher end. So maybe that's in the sort of 7% range. And clearly, research will be sort of at the lower end of that, maybe in the 3% range.
Robert F. Friel: I would say if you look at the pharma sort of academics split, pharma was sort of mid-single digits, academic was sort of low single. I alluded to the fact that the imaging business, the in vivo imaging was impacted by the funding environment. And of course, when I talk about research here, I'm not including the OneSource, which was -- had a very strong fourth quarter. I think what drove pharma to some extent was the new products, particularly around the Opera Phenix and the MOD [ph]. We came out with a new product called the EnSight, which combines both detection capability and imaging. Geographically, I'd say the strongest region was Europe. Europe was up mid-single digits. It was nice recovery there so we were pleased with the performance there. Americas was up low-single digits and APAC was actually down a little bit, even though China grew. China grew mid- to high-single digits. It was really some difficult comps we had outside of China that put pressure on that region. But again, it was low single in the Americas, mid-single-digit growth in Europe and APAC was down just slightly.
Robert F. Friel: I mean, we're looking at our businesses all the time. And at least on an annual basis, we're sitting down with the Board of Directors and going through a fairly thorough strategic review of the portfolio and the businesses. And so one of the questions we continue to ask ourselves are, are we the most appropriate owner of the franchise of the business? So it's something we go through, like I said, a fair amount of detail on at least an annual basis, but it's something we're always challenging ourselves and questioning the businesses and making sure that we can continue to create value owning those businesses.
Robert F. Friel: So as I sort of mentioned in my prepared remarks, we're very excited about the Perten Instruments acquisition. We think it brings us some terrific capabilities in and around, broadly defined, food but more specifically, in grain and feed. And we think the combination of their technical capabilities, their product portfolio and maybe, most importantly, their access and customer reputation, combined with some of the things that we have the capability to do, will allow us to accelerate the growth in and around that business. So -- and early indications are -- continue to be reinforce what we saw when we did the diligence. With regard to specific numbers, they are growing around 7%, 8%, which we would expect to continue and maybe even improve a little bit. And it was a business that had 20% operating margin. So profitable business, good growth, great reputation in the marketplace, and we look to leverage that and continue to expand in, obviously, the important area of food safety.
Robert F. Friel: Great. Well, first of all, thank you for your questions. And so in closing, I'd like to reiterate that I feel very good about our progress last year, and I remain excited about building upon our accomplishments to take advantage of the significant opportunities ahead to both create value for our shareholders and make a positive impact on Human and Environmental Health around the world. Thank you for joining us for the call and have a great evening.
Frank A. Wilson: Sure. It was really within 2 businesses. It was with our diagnostics business and with our informatics business. Both of those being high-margin businesses. But it was less than 10 customers, but it was split probably pretty evenly among the 2 businesses.
Frank A. Wilson: We absolutely do. It's about $420 million in total. And we've put a lot of effort around the tools and the education across the organization. In fact, we hired a dedicated procurement person dealing strictly with indirect spend. So our hope internally is to derive an even higher savings off of that total. And I think we may decide to spin some of that back or flow it through but I think that gives us a little bit of hedge on further currency deterioration. So I -- we feel very good about that particular initiative at this point.
Frank A. Wilson: But Dan, I think the activities that we had laid out and have in place through '17 will continue, and I think we'll continue to make good progress on that. We can't control FX, but I think you'll continue to see us expand margins. And if FX does head the other way, it does make it a little bit easier.
Frank A. Wilson: And I think as I said before, I think our plans have not changed. The only thing that's really changed is FX. And if you look at reinvestment, we're actually covering probably 8% to 10% increases in R&D for this year, for 2015. So I think all the dynamics and the framework will continue to be executed against. And again, it's really going to depend on where the FX rate's at over the next 3 or 4 years.
Frank A. Wilson: Yes, we talked earlier. We do feel like there's going to be a bit more of a shift to the latter half for both the top and bottom line from a cadence perspective. I think in the first quarter, in particular, we do have what I described as the $5 million in the fourth quarter. But in addition, we have some investments that we're making, which is also impacting our earnings per share around the China lab and around some investments in informatics. So I think we're going to see some essentially flat margins in the first quarter. But I think that's because of investments and the impact of FX. I think for the full year, I think we still see revenue improving more in the second than the first half. And we think operating margins are going to be, after FX, in kind of that 30 to 50 basis point range.
Frank A. Wilson: Probably closer to around 30 basis points at the gross margin level and probably 50 to 70 at the operating line.
Frank A. Wilson: Yes. Sure. I think we'll be in the mid- to high-90s on free cash flow conversion. I think our operating cash flow should be around $315 million to $325 million, so we'll have a 3 handle for the first time on our operating cash flows. I think free cash flow, yes, it will probably be high 200s to $285 million to close to $300 million, in that range. I think we're going to see some continued improvement on the working capital side. We've made some investments, utilizing our SAP system on the collection side. We think we can get some working capital taken out with that. And we also have some efforts around inventory. So we feel pretty good about the working capital piece, and I think with the additional income we'll see our way to getting to those numbers.
Frank A. Wilson: I think for the majority of the FX impact, we have to weather through it. I think what we're trying to do is accelerate some of the actions around -- some of the cost initiatives around direct spend and so forth to try to pull as much of that in as we can to try to somewhat offset it. But it's a fairly significant number, as we've communicated. And we're not going to hedge the P&L. It's a lot of risk and you're wrong more than half the time. So I think we'll just try to power through it. It's -- unfortunately, there's not any magic dust to help us here.
