Robert F. Friel: Sure. So as you mentioned, we continue to feel like we've got a good pipeline. I would say it's again as you mentioned, I think some of the valuations have been a little challenging. So one of the things, I think Andy talked about it, we did buy some shares back in the third quarter. I think it was about $70 million or so we spent on share repurchasing. And the way we're thinking about this is, obviously as the deployment of the capital from an M&A perspective gets delayed, obviously in the quarters we continue to generate more cash flow. So we're getting more comfortable with the idea of saying we can take shares out and still maintain significant capacity to do M&A. So that's why you saw in third quarter, we started to get a little more aggressive on the share buybacks. And so I think if we continue to be unable to do some things on M&A perspective, we would continue to return the cash back to shareholders through share buyback.
Robert F. Friel: I think we continue to feel pretty optimistic about our ability to do some things on the M&A perspective. So hopefully, we'll see how things change, but as of right now, I think given our view that we think we can get some things done here, probably unlikely to see something where it would be a big share buyback, but I think doing a little bit of both I think is probably what I would expect going forward.
Robert F. Friel: I actually think it's a little bit of both. I mean clearly we're getting the benefit of a difficult 2014, but I think at the same time, we mentioned the fact that we are seeing some stabilization in demand, and so I think going forward, we feel pretty good about the pace of growth in Europe. I would say the only area that we're sort of watching a little closely here, and again I think we called that out a little bit, is with the recent pressure on the immigration, we're a little concerned that you could see some shifting of prioritization and to the extent that that may impact some of the incremental spending going into healthcare and research. But generally speaking, we feel pretty good about the demand profile in Europe.
Robert F. Friel: So I would say on the valuation side, possibly, I mean probably for us the fact that the IPO market is getting a little bit more challenging probably with the smaller private companies, I think that's helpful. I think for some of the more public companies, I don't think the valuations expectations have changed much at least from my perspective. With regard to the $1 billion, I mean the way we think about that is both our borrowing capacity as well as our free cash flow generation over the next couple years. And I think the combination of those two leads us to believe that we could probably spend up to $1 billion.
Robert F. Friel: Well I think first of all, one of the good things I think about PerkinElmer is both businesses I think have attractive aspects from an end market perspective. So clearly the environmental side, whether it's food or even in some of the applications within water, I think we continue to be – I think are very attractive. On the Human Health side, I think both the area of diagnostics, anything we could do to expand our franchise there. And selectively within the research areas again and then I would say the other area which really cuts across both is the area of software and informatics. So I think across the majority of the businesses, we would looked to be adding there from a bolt-on acquisition perspective.
Robert F. Friel: So first of all, we're not assuming any budget flush in the numbers that we are forecasting. But I would say probably three things, and you mentioned two of them. One is clearly medical imaging and Japan and we probably think those combined are probably a 150 basis point headwind. And then I would say the third thing is if you recall, we had fairly strong Q4 last year. So we are cycling against a pretty strong comp. So, I would say the combination of those three things is something that we're considering when we give the guidance.
Robert F. Friel: So first of all, I would say I think the impact longer term is going to be very helpful. When you think about 17 million children born in China, the potential for that to grow and maybe grow fairly significantly I think is real. I think the real question is, how long or what's sort of the ramp, and of course I think that's a difficult thing to quantify in the short term. One of the things we have done is we've gone back and you may recall in November of 2013, there was a relaxation of the one child policy for parents who were only children. And if you look over the last two years, there has been about 1.4 million of those parents that have applied for second children. That represents a little bit more than 10% of the parents that were actually eligible to do that. And if we go back and look at our business, that probably tracks pretty well that we think that had about a 12% to 15% impact on the growth in the newborn screening business. So again, if that's sort of a proxy of what's going to happen this time, you're going to see an increase, but it's going to be a fairly slow ramp. Hope that's helpful.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah, we feel very good about the progress there. We talked about it in the beginning of the year, about a $30 million or $35 million contribution incrementally in 2015, and we think we're going to exceed the top end of that range. As we look at through the Q3 and what our expectations are for Q4, we think we'll be north of the $35 million incremental benefit.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah well, a couple of them I sort of mentioned in my prepared remarks when I talked about the progress we're having with the sort of pharmaceutical companies. When we think about historically, we would have provided them say imaging equipment and now by packaging that together, we have customers now that are not only ordering our imaging equipment, but ordering some of our software, specifically sort of high content imaging software as well as Spotfire licenses and even in some cases enterprise related software. And if you look at the key global accounts, the top 20 global accounts where we've combined our informatics, OneSource and product offerings, those customers are growing mid teens through the first three quarters of the year.
Robert F. Friel: So I would say first of all, if you look at the beat on the top line, that fundamentally came in two areas. One is OneSource, and I think Andy talked about this was very strong. So we saw very strong growth in the OneSource offering. Again potentially benefited from the point earlier, where we're sort of combining it with OneSource in the product offerings and that has lower incrementals. I would say the other thing to point out is when we talked about the incremental higher revenue from the additional week, that also comes at relatively low margins. Because if you think about it, you're amortizing the cost sort of again 1/52 over that period of time, and the revenue for those additional days is much lower. So again the flow through on the incremental revenue from the week and the incremental revenue from OneSource lowers the flow through. Having said that, if you look at our EPS growth on a constant currency basis, it was still 16%.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah so I would say, so first of all, I don't know that we're seeing anything directly from an orders perspective, but I would say we're hearing it in discussions with customers. So I would say it's a concern; at least it's a concern of the customers. But I wouldn't say we're seeing any hard evidence of that today. But I think obviously something we're aware of. I think with regard to the imaging opportunities, I think the way we think about that today is largely in the research use only, and I think in that, it's probably a $30 million to $40 million market opportunity for us. I think the greater market potential is to get it into the clinic. And that's something we're talking about and discussing internally, whether we make that investment or partner. But I think the significant growth opportunity there would be more in the clinical side. But having said that, we do see a nice $30 million to $40 million market on the research use only.
Robert F. Friel: I don't know that we're seeing any more competition. I guess my view is the competition has always been pretty formidable. But as I sort of mentioned before, we continue to do quite well. OneSource had a very strong quarter in Q3. And if you look at sort of year to date, they're growing well in the sort of mid teens or better. So we continue to do well and I think it has to do with not only I think the reputation and execution capability of the team, but also as we increase our capabilities around software informatics and again package it with this global account focus. We continue to see significant opportunity to grow that business.
Robert F. Friel: Well I would say on the Human Health side particularly on research, that's been a real area of focus from an R&D perspective, sort of late 2014 and 2015, and we saw nice traction this quarter. So I think our reagents were up about, I'll call it low to mid teens in the quarter. Obviously diagnostics was strong; we saw strong in research. I think environmental is still an area, and it's less research and it's more consumables. We're seeing decent growth there, but we still need to get that up as a percentage of our revenue. But we were pleased with the performance, like I said particularly on the research side this quarter as some the investments we made in research and development were providing us benefits.
Robert F. Friel: So medical imaging is probably I think call it 8% of our revenue, depending on the quarter, but in that sort of general range. If you look at medical imaging, you can think about it in three markets, there is the radiology market, there is an oncology market, and then there is I'll call it an industrial market. And roughly speaking, we'll call that a third, a third, a third. We continue to do very well in the industrial market. I think that's a combination of some new products we've gotten out there and I think we continue to capture share there. I think the challenge that we face is more in the radiology and oncology. And I would point out a couple things. First of all, obviously this is a business while we continue to think is very attractive, has a demand profile that's probably more volatile than the rest of the other PerkinElmer businesses, largely because it serves a more capital-intensive end market. So again, while we think it's an attractive business, clearly differentiated capabilities and overall serving attractive markets, it is going to have a little bit more volatility because of the capital intensity of their customers.
Robert F. Friel: Well, I think we believe it will be down in Q4 and we're not really getting into 2016 guidance now. But I would say it's probably going to be stronger in the back half of 2016 than it is in the front half. Unclear whether it'll actually be down in the first half of 2016.
Robert F. Friel: So I guess the way I would describe that is, when we think about sort of philosophically the portfolio in businesses that we're sort of attracted to, I would say we think about a couple things. First of all, is it a business that fits well with PerkinElmer. And what I mean by that is, is it consistent with our mission and vision around human, environmental health. The second thing is, is it attractive from the end-market, again does it have differentiated capabilities, are the financial returns attractive, and then finally, are we appropriate owners, meaning can we make it better, are we willing to invest in it and what does it do for the overall portfolio. So I think a number of the areas that you mentioned, I think probably fit all those from the standpoint it's consistent with the mission, obviously attractive growth, in some cases we'd have to understand and make sure the financial returns are appropriate. And I think a lot of them would fit well with what we do. So whether it's additional investments in clinical diagnostics or et cetera. Just finding the right assets and making sure the returns make sense relative to the price. But I think all those areas and a majority of those areas are ones that I think we would find attractive, if we thought the asset fit well with what we're trying to achieve and we could make sense out of the financial returns.
Robert F. Friel: Well it's a little hard to generalize overall, but I would say our success has been generally more in areas that are sort of more niched, where we can be differentiated based on capability and rather than taking on some of the larger players in let's say molecular diagnostics or some of the broader areas.
Robert F. Friel: So let me take the first one. So I would say, if we're talking about markets from a geographic perspective, I would have a tendency to agree with you, which is there is sort of pluses and minuses. But I would say the geographic end markets, meaning sort of North America, Europe, emerging markets, sort of puts and takes, but they're probably fairly consistent with what we would expect it in total. When I think about the sort of application or the end markets from a customer's perspective, the one exception I would say would be in medical imaging. So I think diagnostics is probably about what we thought, maybe marginally a little bit better. I think research maybe is marginally a little bit better. I think environmental is probably okay and maybe the industrials are a little bit more challenged. So maybe that all balances out. But I do think particularly in the back half of the year, medical imaging is probably being a little – we're finding the markets a little bit more challenging. So on the margin, if you think about that being 8% of our business or so, it's creating a little bit of a headwind, call it 50 to 100 basis points.
Robert F. Friel: So I would say if we're talking about environmental specifically, and we can talk about the other, but the environmental specifically, I think there is parts of that market that continue to be challenged. Right, so we talk about the industrial end markets. And so consequently, what we've talked about and what you've seen us do is to become more focused on where we're going to invest. So if I go back a number of years ago, we were investing across the broad range of technologies and capabilities with environmental. And we would argue that we probably had 12 different product lines across environmental and of course the service applications as well. I think as we have gotten more concerned about the – and I would say most importantly the industrial side – when you look at things like – although we're not big in oil and gas, obviously petrochemical and fine chemical – fine chemicals is an area for us, and some of the offshoots of those, that we want to get more focus in areas both from a technology perspective and an application. So obviously our move with partnering with Waters, where we just said, it doesn't make sense for us to continue to invest in liquid chromatography. We're not strong there. And so that's how I sort of think about it. So I think on the environmental side, what you will see us is more focused, invest in areas where we think we have strong market shares or strong technology capabilities. And in the other areas, we'll either partner or sort of deemphasize.
Robert F. Friel: So, I would say our data doesn't necessarily support a declining birth rate. Our data would suggest that birth rates are sort of stable, maybe increasing slightly. But the answer to your question is that, yeah, we're always looking to continue to expand the menu. And of course we've got broader offerings that we can provide, whether it's in the software side or continue to build out additional capabilities that we can offer the lab. So I think there is always an opportunity, or we believe there is always an opportunity to continue to grow the business almost irrespective of the birth rate. But having said that, our data would suggest that US birth rates are, like I said, flat to up slightly.
Robert F. Friel: So, the answer to this question is yes on both. We did see a reduction in birth rates because of the Year of the Goat and we do believe that will provide an opportunity to accelerate growth in 2016.
Robert F. Friel: So if you think about our diagnostic business in China, it's fundamentally – I'll call it four businesses. You have the newborn business, which I think continues to grow because you've got adoption rate. So more children are being screened and you've got menu expansion, almost irrespective of birth rates. And we talked about that on the prior question. So I think we can continue to grow there because as we've said on calls in the past, they're still doing only a handful of tests in China. And we're optimistic there for a couple of reasons. We're starting to get some traction around mass spec. And we've mentioned in the past that we got CFDA approval for our GSP which is our automated workstation there. So we think we can continue to drive good growth there and in fact we've seen – I think in third quarter was sort of mid teens. So we feel good about that. Similarly, same dynamics I would say on the prenatal side. So I think we continued both the penetration and the ability to do more there. And similarly, we saw similar type growth on the prenatal side. And then the third area would be in blood screening. And as Andy mentioned, it's off of a low base. But we're going into we think a pretty significant tailwind as the government will start to enforce the mandate of that screening and of course we're one of five that have the capability to do that. So last year, it would be on the infectious disease. That's probably the one area where potentially you'll see some slowing on if there was an overall sort of economic slowdown potentially. But again, we see a lot of opportunity to continue to penetrate and expand there. So, but I would say of the areas that we operate in, in the event there was a – use your words – hard landing, I would think that's the one that probably is most susceptible to some impact.
Robert F. Friel: Well of course, the two ones you mentioned weren't great, although I think NTD had done okay. I think the issue with Signature was not necessary the lab per se, it was the reimbursement side of things. So I don't know that we would have a particular issue with a service lab per se. I think we just got to make sure that the reimbursement is clear. And so, and of course, outside the US we continue to be quite excited about opportunities in places like India and China. So I think the service lab would be something we would look to invest in, if as long as we had clarity around the reimbursement.
Robert F. Friel: So yeah, I think there's hope for recovery in 2016. I would say we're not very optimistic with hope in 2015, because it just seems like the spending is just not being released. And so particularly on the research side is where we see it challenging. And so I would say at this point, we're not expecting any recovery or clearly in Q4. And like I said, we're in the process right now of thinking through 2016. But yeah, I think there's a possibility you could see some recovery in 2016. So we'll just have to wait and see, but I would say clearly not for the last quarter here.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah, that's our sense. As you probably know, I don't think they're going to make it public until March, I believe, so we're waiting to see. Our sort of intelligence and the people on the ground tell us that some of the key areas that we're focused on will continue to be a high priority, so whether it's environmental, whether it's food safety, access to healthcare. So we feel pretty confident that will continue to be key priorities for the government, but probably until March or if they start to leak some of the information out, we really don't have any particular insight.
Robert F. Friel: Very well. Thanks for your questions. So let me just say in closing, we feel good about our progress year to date and believe we are very well positioned to deliver both on our full year financial commitments and continue to make progress on our key strategic priorities. Thank you for your interest in PerkinElmer and have a great evening.
