Prahlad Singh: Hey, Patrick. Good morning. Sure. So on the reagent side, as you heard from both Max and I in the prepared remarks, we saw some sporadic, I would say, volatility and additional site consolidations and close down that happened around the middle of the quarter. But the headcount reductions and site consolidations we saw, I think it's now mostly behind us. I mean despite -- outside of this, I would say, sporadicness, we've seen generally nine months of stability and that's what gives us increased confidence that the worst is behind us. In terms of the current guidance, we assume very similar level of absolute dollars in the third quarter versus the second quarter with some, I would say, normal seasonal improvements from that going on in 4Q. But I think the essence to your question is, we feel like the worst of the cuts that are going on in the pharma biotech is now likely behind us and that's what sort of gives us a sense of increased visibility into the second half.
Prahlad Singh: Yeah, Jack. I think just as we've talked about earlier, the prenatal screening tends to be an early indicator around the birth rates that are going to play out over the second half of the year. So it's nothing more than just seeing the prenatal screening numbers going up that sort of gives us a sense that there will be improvement in birth rates as we look into the second half of the year.
Prahlad Singh: I mean, at the end of the day, as I've said earlier, innovation is only going to happen as they continue to invest in early discovery programs, whether there are only two ways that you do it, either you invest in discovery or you buy compounds. And right now, what we are saying is that there is no indication that pharma biotech is saying that we are going to shut down the pipeline for innovation.
Prahlad Singh: Yeah. I mean, just to add to that, it's just the existing authorization that we have. But Puneet, more broadly, just looking at our current valuation and where we think we are headed in the future, the return on buying back our stock makes a lot more sense to deploy capital around that, particularly, if you look at the continued elevation for M&A candidates, and we honestly don't expect this valuation disconnect opportunity to last forever. So, we plan to be aggressive while it does.
Prahlad Singh: Yeah, Matt. If you recall, I think this product line grew close to 50% two years in a row. So that this is hopefully what we are seeing is now the bottoming out of it.
Prahlad Singh: Yeah, Matt. There is nothing here that is competitive driven. I mean what we are seeing is sporadic market softness because of site closures and consolidations.
Prahlad Singh: Yeah. I think the way I would look at it, Matt -- Dan is that we still feel that the valuations continue to be elevated for the M&A candidates. We continue to have a fertile pipeline and we continue to build on the relationships, but I don't think you're going to see us do any sizable side or -- size M&A in the near future. I think we talked about the share buyback where we will have a focus on to continue to deploy capital in the near term.
Prahlad Singh: Yeah, Catherine. I think the way I would look at this is, we really feel that the worst is behind us, as I said earlier, and we continue to see more encouraging signs just from our recent conversations with customers, particularly in the U.S., but I wouldn't say that we've gone to full normalization yet. I mean, I think in terms of what we would expect to see in 2025, I think we'll have to wait till our Analyst Day, which is in late November to give you a bigger -- deeper insight into what we think.
Prahlad Singh: Yeah. From a comp perspective that Max pointed out earlier, Luke, that was the one that we had announced the pin-point base editing technology, which we had licensed to AstraZeneca in the second quarter of last year. So specifically, that was the one. The other licensing technologies that we license are around AAV vectors, viral vectors and lentiviruses that we license out from our SIRION Biotech acquisition. So, there are three or four components where we focus around licensing opportunities, just to sort of give you a sense of what they account for.
Prahlad Singh: I think my -- the way to look at it as we take a step back and strategically for us, China continues to be a very important market at, 16% 17% of your -- our revenue, as you know. Immunodiagnostics continues to be very strong in that market. 10% of our business there is diagnostics. Our reproductive health, as we've talked about earlier, we expect this year to see a bump up in birth rates, given the year of the dragon. And I think overall, if you take a step back, especially with the stimulus funding coming in, either by the end of the year or early next year, it is continuing -- it is going to continue to drive growth and that -- I don't believe that, that is going to slow down. Keep in mind, our product portfolio is differentiated enough that we had high single-digit growth last year. So, we are coming off that comp in that marketplace. So, we feel very good about China and we -- it is one of our strategic markets. So nothing strategically has changed for us based on what you saw in the second quarter.
Prahlad Singh: They tend to be earlier stage -- they tend to be a bit earlier stage in the pipeline, Paul. They tend to be more in the preclinical and discovery side. As we are moving into the GMP capabilities, that's where -- there was the whole strategy around us moving into the pilot plant and then Phase 1 side. So that is where we are heading towards, but primarily the -- the primary domain the BioLegend plays is in discovery and early -- preclinical.
Prahlad Singh: Yeah. I mean, we've started seeing signs of the pre-revenue biotech capital funding influx coming in. And as Max pointed out during one of the questions, increased conversations with our customers around opening programs and starting programs with that funding, but I think it will take a quarter or two before that materializes.
Prahlad Singh: Yeah. I don't think we want to get into intra-quarter guidance, Rachel. I would say that over the last 45 to 60 days, we have seen continued to see the stability that we have seen. And as I mentioned, the sporadicness that we had was related to two or three site closures that happened in the West Coast and then those programs have now shifted to other sites. So it's more a matter of that and headcount reduction than any continued trend. On the other -- previous question that you had on the instrument side, I think one thing to add. As you -- if you recall, we totally revamped our in vivo imaging portfolio that was launched towards the end of the last year. And that's where we started to see increased conversations from customers. Particularly in the U.S., we continue to be more optimistic around this being the first market where we will start seeing signs of turnaround on the life sciences instruments side.
Prahlad Singh: Sure, Tycho. Good to hear your voice. On the buyback, I will say that you are right, the existing authorization, that's why I said is for $330 million. We will -- we do plan to go back to the Board for authorization at the next Board meeting. But I think from a valuation perspective, if you recall, Tycho, most of the acquisitions that we tend to do and our private founder entrepreneur-owned companies and that's where I say that the impact of the market really has not had an effect on valuation. I mean, those founder entrepreneurs do not get impacted by publicly-listed company valuations and that's where we still see elevated valuations. So I think from that perspective, we will continue we see that in the short-term, it makes a whole lot more sense to deploy capital around buying back stock than for looking at M&A candidates. And when we find the right one, we will be. But as you pointed out, we've done several acquisitions and we are starting to see the synergistic benefits as we continue to integrate them into the company.
Prahlad Singh: Yeah. I think, Tycho, it's a great question, but I think that has already been planned out as pharma biotech has looked at their P&L and strategic plans for '25 and beyond. I mean, that was the exercise I believe that they went through the fourth quarter of last year and the first quarter of this year. So that has already been in the planning stages for, I would say, about two, three quarters ago.
Max Krakowiak: Yeah. Hey, Patrick. So from a margin standpoint, I think we're encouraged by the performance for the team for the first half of the year. Again, that's leading us to take up the margin expectations for the full year. I think when you think about the factors that are driving this, I would say it's really continued progress on our integrations and synergies from some of the recent acquisitions in addition to the restructuring actions that we took at the end of last year. So, I think it's kind of a combination of those two factors is really the predominant driving force on the margin side. As we look longer term, as a reminder, our LRP kind of calls for 75 basis points of OMX per year, assuming a normal market growth rate environment. I think as we mentioned in the call, we'll see about 25 here either at our Analyst Day or again in January. But I think for us, if we are in a normal market environment, we feel very confident on the 75 bps OMX per year.
Max Krakowiak: Yeah. Sure. Hey, Jack. So from a China diagnostics standpoint, I would say for the second quarter, really the headwind we faced was on the instrumentation side, as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, China IDX was right in line with expectations being approximately flat. As we look towards the second half of the year, specifically again for China IDX, we anticipate positive mid-single digit growth in the second half of the year. And I think then to your last question on the go-to-market change, this was for one of our older legacy product lines that we had in China. It was related mostly to an infectious disease portfolio. At the beginning of the year, we did go to an indirect commercial model. And so again, that's been a little bit of a headwind from a revenue perspective, but it's been a tailwind from a profitability standpoint and it's more or less played out as anticipated.
Max Krakowiak: And then just the last point on sort of the pre-revenue biotech funding question. Again, as a reminder, it's less than 5% overall of our total company revenue that's exposed to this customer group. However, I would say that the second quarter was a sequential improvement from the first quarter. So it does appear to be getting better, but it is still challenged overall and did decline in the period.
Max Krakowiak: Yeah. So in terms of the $330 million, Puneet, that is just the authorization we have left on our share repurchase program. It's TBD, exactly how the timing of that plays out. I think the comments on our call were that we're going to be more opportunistically aggressive on the share repurchasing. And I think that's what all our comments are at this point in time.
Max Krakowiak: Yeah. So maybe I'll start with the second one first, Vijay, just on the China life sciences instrumentation. So as a reminder on our portfolio, most of the items are what we would consider bigger ticket items. The ASP is sort of 500,000 plus from a life sciences instrumentation standpoint. I think as we look at the second half of the year right now, our guidance assumes it's still down mid-single digits for the second half of the year from an instrumentation standpoint. And so, we'll see how that plays out, but that's what the assumption in the guidance is. I think as you look at the overall second half organic revenue ramp, in the second quarter, our guidance is for positive low-single digits, which then implies for the fourth quarter that you're going to be looking at high single to low double-digit organic growth range in the fourth quarter. Now that step up has a couple of different components. Half of that step up is related to instrumentation, which is really just normal seasonality between the third and the fourth quarter. We are not factoring in any change in market environment. Then there's another 2% of that is related to our software business, which is just the renewal timing in our pipeline, and we have good visibility into that. The remaining couple of percentage points is really related actually to China diagnostics and the two pieces there. One, it's an easier comp for immunodiagnostics in the fourth quarter. And then, as we already talked about, we are anticipating a step up in our neo business in the fourth quarter in China.
Max Krakowiak: Yeah. I think, so just as a reminder too, Vijay, when we had come into this year and we are calling for flat operating margin performance year-over-year, the dynamics that played were one, the cost actions we took at the end of last year, but then two, the return of the variable comp, which we said should normalize in 2024 versus the compression that it faced in 2023. So those were the assumptions coming into this year. I think what you're seeing is just continued execution on a lot of the operational initiatives we have. I talked about some of the synergies and integration work that continues to be ongoing. And I think, again, as we look again in the outer years from a margin standpoint, this is what really gives us the confidence in our ability to execute and sort of reach our ultimate margin entitlement from an overall company perspective.
Max Krakowiak: Yeah . Hey, Matt. From an applied genomics perspective, I don't know, if there's anything specifically unique to that business that I would call out. I think as you've been following the company over the past six, seven quarters, it's been a meaningful headwind for us as an overall company. The business has been facing two headwinds. One is on the pharma biotech side and then the second was the build out of the installed base on the clinical side during the COVID period ramp. I think what we're seeing here is in the second half of the guidance is we are assuming a similar market dynamics that we saw in the first half of the year. We continue to work through those two headwinds and really the function of the performance in the second half is the same market environment and normal seasonality in the fourth quarter.
Max Krakowiak: Yeah. So from a pricing perspective in the second quarter, similar to the first quarter. In the first quarter, I think we mentioned it was around approximately 100 basis points of price. I think we have a similar assumption for the second half of the year. I would just say overall, obviously, given the market environment, pricing is, I would say, more challenged than what it is in a normal year, but we continue to still get price on the life sciences side. Yeah.
Max Krakowiak: Yeah. I think we've been pretty consistent in not breaking out individual business units or sub-brands. Obviously, BioLegend, again, is more than 50% of our overall reagents portfolio. I would say, it's probably the best performing piece of our overall reagents portfolio. I think that's probably all the color we provide. And I think to further echo the comments that Prahlad previously made about the second half assumptions, we're assuming essentially the same market environment that we faced here in the first half and there's no real meaningful change in volume assumptions between the first half and second half.
Max Krakowiak: Yes. Hey, Catherine. Hope you're doing well. So on the growth by segment for the third quarter for life sciences, we're anticipating to be roughly flat overall in the third quarter and on the diagnostics side, positive low to mid-single digits growth for the third quarter. If you were to compare that overall for the full year, that would bring life sciences then to flat to slightly down from an organic growth perspective. On the diagnostics side, it would again sort of be in the low to mid-single digit range.
Max Krakowiak: Yeah. Hey, Luke. So just as one clarification before diving into -- the Revvity OMX piece that you referred to is actually part of our reproductive health business, not applied genomics, so just one clarification there.
Max Krakowiak: And I think as you look then at applied genomics, right, I think again there's really two sort of main pieces of this business, right? You do have the RNA, DNA extraction and then on the other side, you kind of have the liquid handling portion of the business. I think as you look at those two, we've definitely seen the headwinds on the extraction piece a bit quicker right now. I think that's again, that was the piece where it really got built up through the COVID installed base years. That part of the business has been performing better and has been returning to growth. I think where we're still continuing to see the challenges is really more so on the liquid handling side of things. And that is where I think now as we get into the second half of the year, from a comps dynamic perspective, we are expected to start to see that start to return to growth again.
Max Krakowiak: Yeah. Hey, Mike. So I would say, it's probably a little bit of a combination of the things that you mentioned in your opening question there. I think one is the conversations we are having with our customers and what the pipeline looks like. I think, two, just from a normal buying behavior standpoint, instruments are the largest volume-wise in the fourth quarter. And so, I think it's a combination of those two things that's really leading to our expectations for the fourth quarter.
Max Krakowiak: Yeah. Hey, Rachel. So as a reminder, our overall instrumentation in China is 3% of total company revenues. So it is in the grand scheme things still relatively small to the overall portfolio. Yeah. As I mentioned, I think it was a challenging second quarter. We'll see what happens here in the second half with stimulus. I think as we look outside to the rest of the world, we do continue to see sequential improvements in our instrumentation from the first quarter of this year. And I think as we look towards the second half, again, the conversations we're having with the customers are providing increased visibility on those pipelines and is alluding -- sort of leading us to our expectations for the second half of the year.
Max Krakowiak: Yeah. It wasn't necessarily tied into VBP program specifically. It was just related to, I think, some of the pricing challenges we have in China overall. And that was related to our immunodiagnostics portfolio that we made that comment about, as it has not been brought into scope of VBP. So, it was more just a general comment of what we're seeing on the industry.
