Robert F. Friel: So specifically on the industrial customers, I would say what we're seeing in China is continued good demand, particularly when you look in Europe, I would say the southern parts of Europe are obviously much more significant headwinds than I would say central and north and in U.S., I would say again continue to be pretty good demand. So I think on the industrial side, with the exception of the southern part of Europe, we continue to be -- feel pretty good about the opportunities, particularly in the environmental area.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. I mean, clearly, over the last 3 months, people have gotten more cautious. But I would say, we haven't seen a dramatic change in ordering patterns. I think people are, as I said, more cautious the about 2012. But I would say, at this point, again, particularly on the industrial side and the Environmental side, we're not seeing significant reductions in ordering.
Robert F. Friel: I would say some of the business, for example, medical imaging will be a business that has a much longer order cycle times, so they have a backlog. Some of the instruments, but to a large extent, most of it is book and bill in the current quarter. But specifically about the business, is that they do have a longer order, for example, medical imaging. Again, I would say that's holding up pretty well. And that's why I think we continue to feel that Q4 will look a lot like Q3. Of course, keep in mind, when we went into the back half, we mentioned the fact that there's much difficult -- or much more difficult comparisons. Because if you look at Q3 and Q4 last year for 2010, one was up 10%, and one was up 9% organically.
Robert F. Friel: And I would say, it's probably driven at this point more by the management bandwidth. And I think with the combination of the Caliper acquisition and of course, a number of informatics acquisitions that we've done in the past couple of quarters that I wouldn't expect significant acquisitions done here, and I think the focus will be more on sort of deleveraging the balance sheet and getting the acquisitions that we've made over the last couple of quarters well integrated and running well within PerkinElmer.
Robert F. Friel: Quintin, so I would say it's not only, I would say, end markets. As you point out, we don't have the lightings, we don't have the sensor businesses. The acquisitions we've made, I think, put us in a more resilient markets. I would say it's also we've seen a shift more into developing. So as I mentioned, 25% of our revenue now sits in developing, and that's a significant increase over 2008. Also, we've seen a bigger increase in the sort of consumable reagents and software aspects of the businesses. So the capital component of our business is much less. So I think it's a combination of factors that leads us to believe that we feel good about the resiliency in a difficult economic situation. I would say the other aspect of it is when you look at the revenue split between sort of capital and consumables and reagents and informatics, it's probably about 60-40. However, when you look at the profitability, it's more like 75-25. So as you can imagine, our consumable reagents and software businesses are much more profitable. So again, I think this -- and again, that's a change over 2008. So I think it continues to have sort to be supported by strong financial results even though macroeconomic conditions are challenging right now.
Robert F. Friel: Yes, I mean I think that would be a choice we could make, because what we have is obviously very strong gross margins. And we've been fairly aggressively investing both on the R&D. I think you saw that R&D stepped up fairly significantly here in third quarter, and we continue to build out our infrastructure in emerging markets. So I think one lever would be, not necessarily would be our first preference, but would be to sort of to slowdown in some of our growth investments, which as you can see, particularly in this quarter as we've been sort of stepping up here to continue to build out the growth profile of the company.
Robert F. Friel: I would say in the research market and you saw that we were down low-single digits. In academia, we were sort of flattish, and pharma was down sort of mid-single digits. So we are seeing, almost across the developed markets, a pull back from the pharmaceutical R&D, continue to see growth in Asia, both in Europe and in the U.S. We are seeing declines in the pharmaceutical side. I think that's one of the things we hope we'll be able to improve with the Caliper acquisition because I think they bring some great technology and products, particularly around that area that will give us much stronger capabilities, particularly in the imaging side because when you look in the pharmaceuticals, we continue to grow in the imaging side and we think that's an opportunity for us. And of course, a number of the areas that they're focused on continue to see good growth. But clearly, in the pharmaceutical area in the quarter, we saw a lot of declining revenue.
Robert F. Friel: Well I would say, first of all, almost every quarter we go into, we're facing declines in the radiochemical area. So the reagents around the radiochemical side, I think are -- because as people want to use less and less of radioisotopes in their experimentation. So that continues to be in the sort of mid- to high-single-digit declines. And so, again, Caliper helps to sort of balance that natural decline in that business. So I would say, those are the areas -- that's the area we probably saw the biggest decline. Offset to some extent by the imaging, which we saw a good growth.
Robert F. Friel: Yes, I think some of that was -- we indicated at the end of second quarter that we're going to cycle up again against a difficult comparison. The environmental group in the third quarter of 2010 grew in the mid-teens. And so, I think that was part of it. I think also on the service side, we are cycling up against some very significant wins in Q2 and Q3 of last year. So I would say that's the fundamental reason that you saw sequential declines on the Environmental side. But within the businesses themselves, we see -- we continue to see good demand particularly around the new products and in the organics. And of course, the informatics business performed very well in the quarter. So I would attribute it to more of -- more difficult comparisons as compared to anything that we're seeing from a demand perspective. Having said that, clearly, going back to the, I think, the first question that you asked, the customers are being a little bit more cautious given the macroeconomic environment.
Robert F. Friel: Yes, I would say on the margin, there is -- in Q2, we had some new product rollouts that provided us a little bit of a benefit there. But again, Environmental Health was still pretty strong.
Robert F. Friel: It continues to go very strong. China again was north of 20% growth. And I would say it's fairly pervasive across almost all our businesses whether it's the Environmental side, the diagnostic side and even within the bio-discovery or the research side, which is a relatively small piece for us, we continue to see good traction there.
Robert F. Friel: Well, as you know, we haven't actually combined the businesses yet because we haven't closed. But I think when you look at some of the exciting technology innovations that Caliper has been working on, I think there'll be a tremendous opportunity to expand or improve medicine, particularly combining with some of the things we do both on the research side as well as the diagnostic side. So I really think combined, we can really make a significant difference in improving both diagnostics as well as therapeutics.
Robert F. Friel: As you can imagine, a lot of the senior managers' compensation is tied to the performance of the stock price. And so when we see the type of decline in stock price that we experienced in Q3, it can dramatically impact our compensation.
Robert F. Friel: So the U.S. is a little higher than that, but of course, when we talk about government exposure, a large portion of our exposure is our newborn screening, which is state funding. And quite frankly, as long as I've been here, we've never seen a decrease in newborn screening coming out of the states. And normally when there's pressure on the state funding, it has a tendency to suppress growth, but not necessarily result in decline. And again in the fourth quarter -- I mean in third quarter, we saw growth in the newborn screening businesses in the U.S. So while the number is probably closer to 10% in the U.S., again, it is distorted by the newborn screening business.
Robert F. Friel: I mean, one of the things we're seeing with some of the acquisitions we've made is they have a tendency to be higher growth, higher gross margin and higher R&D. And so what you saw in this quarter is the beginning of some of the impact of that where you so higher gross margins and higher R&D. We actually think that's a favorable improvement to the P&L.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. I mean, I haven't done that calculation, to tell you the truth. But -- yes, I would say, probably pulling out the radiochemical business, we probably would have seen growth.
Robert F. Friel: It was clearly more in research. Diagnostics grew in Europe and the Environmental business grew in Europe.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. I would say, I think, we're going to see improvement in the Human Health in the fourth quarter, as compared to what we've seen historically. Well, I mean, a lot of that will be dependent on what happens within the research markets, but I think we're clearly seeing some recovery in diagnostics. I think you saw that in the third quarter. And so it's really a question of the improvements on the research side. And of course, we do expect to get some contribution from Caliper.
Robert F. Friel: Well, you've seen a little bit of an increase in R&D, and I think that's focused around getting more new products into the pipeline. I think what you saw in 2011 was some really terrific products coming out in the Environmental side. And as we go into 2012, our expectation is to see some good products coming out of the, hopefully both, but probably geared toward the Human Health side as compared to the Environmental side.
Robert F. Friel: So first of all, thank you for all your questions. Let me say, in closing, we feel good about our portfolio and our continued ability to invest in key growth areas that will create long-term value, while also driving our multiyear productivity initiative. Our approach will be to balance investments in long-term growth, combined with our continued pursuit for operational excellence as we continue to play a critical role in creating better outcomes that help to improve the health and safety of people and the environment. Thank you for joining us today and have a terrific day.
Frank A. Wilson: I wasn't here in 2008, so I'll let Rob answer that question. But there are a number of differences now in the portfolio but...
Frank A. Wilson: And Quintin, I think as we look out to 2012, we obviously won't talk about '12 until January. But as we have the businesses start to look at different scenarios, they are putting together different outlooks and how they would react to those from an investment perspective and so forth. So I think as we report our results for the fourth quarter and talk about our outlook for the first quarter or for 2012, I think we'll be able to share more detail with you.
Frank A. Wilson: And Paul, as we mentioned earlier, part of the expansion we're seeing, some of the investment we're seeing on the Environmental Health side is really around selling resources in China. So we expect that to continue to grow at above company rates.
Frank A. Wilson: It's primarily related to compensation that's tied to the stock price, and the stock price unfortunately over that time frame was down. And I think if you look at the fourth quarter or you start to look at forecasting the fourth quarter, it will probably return to more normalized levels. We expect it to and hopefully the stock price will as well. But the more normalized levels that you saw in the first and second quarter.
Frank A. Wilson: No. I think you're going to see operating margin expansion in reasonable incremental flow-through in the fourth quarter. I think a lot of the heavy-lifting investment was done in the third quarter.
Frank A. Wilson: Well, adjusted gross margins for the quarter were up 120 basis points, and about half of that was acquisition-related and that will obviously continue. These acquisitions we brought out have higher gross margins. But the other was really productivity, and that should be sustainable. Certainly -- maybe not at the 100-plus basis points year-over-year but somewhere in that range. So I would say as you look into the fourth quarter, we should see sequential and year-over-year gross margin improvement.
Frank A. Wilson: For total acquisition revenue, it's going to be around $27 million. Pre-Caliper, right. I'm sorry, that was pre-Caliper just to be clear.
