Robert F. Friel: So, I would say, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, our view is, we would hopefully be able to get something done from the standpoint of a bolt-on acquisition. I mentioned the fact we feel good about our pipeline of opportunities. And so, that's our first preference. But clearly, if we are unable to get that done let's say over the next nine to 12 months, then I think we'd probably look to continue to buy back shares.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. So, I would say, we continued to see very strong growth in China. China for us, in the first quarter was up sort of mid-teens, and it was very broad based. So, both on the Environmental side as well as the Human Health side, we saw a double-digit growth in the quarter. And even within if you looked in Human Health, it was broad-based between sort of diagnostics and research. So, we continue, I think, to enjoy the advantage of being in some very attractive markets from the standpoint of the funding of the Chinese government, and again, I think this was reinforced with their recent five-year plan.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. And I think just goes back to conversation maybe we started a couple of quarters ago, where we said strategically what we want to do is disproportionally invest in those – and I think we've identified four key areas – where we see both more significant opportunities to grow the topline and the profitability of the company, and where we think we have a very strong shares and core capabilities. Just to give you an example, if you look at about 75% of our revenue in the quarter, it would've grown high single digits; and largely in the areas that we've sort of identified as those higher growth areas. So, we've got a situation, where is, we're going to continue to invest in those and hope those – to make those a bigger portion of the company. And then obviously over time, we think the overall growth – organic growth – could hopefully average up to a higher number. Now, this won't happen in the next quarter or two, but we think, as you look at it in a couple years, our goal here is to get from mid-single digits to maybe high single digits.
Robert F. Friel: So I would say, in reference to the Vanadis, it's still very early days. We've owned the company now for probably four months. And what I would say is first of all, we're very pleased with the individuals and the team. We're on track relative to our milestones given that it's only been fairly early. And I would say, the one area where I think we continue to be very pleased with, we saw some good synergies both on the imaging side with our imaging people out of Hamburg as well as in the chemagen sample prep. So we think – we were pleased that over the last couple of months – we were able to confirm what we thought were significant opportunities to get some synergies from our capabilities as well as theirs. So, I would say, still early days and this is probably something that will not be a significant revenue until late 2017 or early 2018, but indications on track. I would say, with regard to the NTD divestiture, that was really, I would say, somewhat different. And I think what to a large extent drove that was sort of a strategic decision that as we continue to look at services with, I'll call it regulated services within U.S. or U.S. testing labs, it just didn't seem like a strategic opportunity for us for a number of reasons. One is, fairly significant regulatory and compliance infrastructure required. So, we had a lab that was sort of less than $20 million in revenue and was requiring a fair amount of infrastructure on a regulatory and compliance cost. By selling NTD, it effectively eliminates all our exposure to either federal or private payer reimbursement, and so that was a big consideration. The other thing was, as we thought about our customers would be better served by a company with a broader capability and, quite frankly, a stronger commitment to the U.S. services market. And then finally, I think. And maybe this is somewhat related to the Vanadis development is, as we ultimately develop new products and new capabilities in that marketplace, we want to be able to offer that to more channel partners. And so, I think it was a combination of all those that led us to conclude that it makes sense to sell the NTD lab services.
Robert F. Friel: So, I would say we feel very good about the opportunities in both the food safety and the food quality analysis area. And as we've sort of talked about in the past, Perten has been sort of growing sort of high single digits. And we actually saw a little stronger growth than that this quarter, so we continue to be very bullish on the food area. And we are excited about the Delta tuck-in. While it wasn't a large acquisition, it did bring us some good capability around flow cytometry, and it actually is used for looking for bacterial infection in milk. And when you think about the connection with Perten, they both have sort of common customers as well as a very common business model. So we think the margins in those businesses can be sort of high teens, low-20%s.
Robert F. Friel: So, it continues to decline a little bit sort of low single digits. I would describe that as a business that declines from a volume perspective and we continually try and get price, so we offset some of the volume decline with price. But it's a business that probably declines low to mid-single digits on a sort of an annual basis. And right now, it's $80 million to $85 million in revenue.
Robert F. Friel: I think what we've said longer term is sort of mid-single on the topline and probably mid-teens on the bottom.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. Well, it probably is not inclusive of capital deployment, whether that's share buyback or acquisitions. I would say that's the fundamental sort of operating rhythm of the business. So, if we can grow the topline, call it 5%, we think we can probably get mid-teens on the bottom line. And then, capital deployment would be additional, whether that's bolt-on acquisitions or share buybacks.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. So, I would say, if it's specifically around the research market, I would say we don't see a lot of copied, because quite frankly – ours, I think, I would put in the high-tech category, right? I mean, when we think about our research products, it's cellular imaging, it's high content imaging, it's fairly sophisticated technology. So, we do not – or we haven't up to this point run up against local competition.
Robert F. Friel: Well, I would say, if you're talking about caution maybe from a topline perspective, I think a lot of it is, again, if you just look at some of the macro factors out there, there's a lot to be concerned about from the standpoint of PMI, whether you look at the global number or whether you look at the U.S. numbers, it's a little bit. But we've – I think global PMI was the second weakest reading during the last 40 months, down to like 50.1. Production growth slipped to a 16-month low in the European Union. So, I mean, there's a lot of economic numbers out there that gives you a little bit of concern. Contrast that with, I mean, we feel good about our business and we continue to like the areas we operate in. But I just think when you look at some of the economic indicators out there, there's – it's prudent to be a little bit cautious.
Robert F. Friel: I would say in the case of China, our people there are suggesting that probably something in high single, low double digit is what we would expect from a birth rate. In the U.S., we're seeing something in the sort of 1% to 2%. And I would say, clearly in Brazil, we've seen a dramatic drop in the birth rate there. Now, it's not a huge business for us, but we're seeing probably a 30%, 40% drop in birth rates in Brazil. And now offsetting that to some extent, I mentioned the fact that we are selling some of our research products into that analysis, but clearly that's impacting us in Brazil more specifically and a little bit in the South America area.
Robert F. Friel: So, I would say, there was – I would say sort of three drivers to the Environmental strength. One was food; the other was sort of Environmental generally, so more in the sort of air and water area was also a good grower. And then I would sort of spike out China specifically; I talked about the fact that China was double digit growth for us. So, those are the sort of three big drivers. If you look at industrial specifically, it was down low single digits, and I would say the driver to that was, one, very difficult comparison, so it was up high single digits in Q1 of 2015. And then the other area was we saw a little bit of weakness in what we would call sort of material characterization, which is largely in areas like polymers, maybe a little bit in sort of paints and chemicals. And I would spike that out from the sort of product perspective. Whether it's sustainable or not, I would say we are not forecasting that type of growth to continue in the year. I mean, I would say that we think Environmental sort of moderates probably more to a lower single digit growth, as we look at in the sort of second, third and fourth quarters.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. So, I would say, again, going back to some of the comments we've made previously, where we said we wanted to be very focused in investing in where we saw the greatest growth opportunities. At the same time, we wanted to make sure that we were getting our cost structure appropriate for what potentially could be a slower growth in some of the other areas. So, you may recall that in the back half of 2015, we took some restructuring actions in the Environmental Health area. And so, I think they've got a cost structure now that hopefully will allow us that margin performance that you saw in the first quarter should be sustainable through 2016 and going forward.
Robert F. Friel: I would say in any given year, there are some large contracts that come up – would rather not get into those specifics – but I would say these are generally three year contracts, so in any 12 months period, you're going to get some big ones. Our retention rate generally is very high. I would – so call it north of 85%.
Robert F. Friel: I think as – I think we alluded to it a little bit – it continues to have a little bit of a headwind. It was down low single digits in the quarter. I think that's probably going to be the case in Q2 again, maybe even a little bit more than that, maybe high single digits. I think as we get to the back half of the year maybe that improves a little bit. But I think our belief right now is for 2016 that's probably flat to down low single digits. And it's just facing some very challenging short-term market headwinds, but at the same time it's got a great team and they continue to execute well. So, the profitability, even given the headwinds from the topline, they continue to sort of operate it – operating margins above the corporate average. And the challenging thing, you know Ross, that this is the one business where we're component supplier, and obviously, selling into the large hospital CapEx market, it just – unfortunately a little more volatile than the overall portfolio – but bottom line, it's a good business.
Robert F. Friel: So, there's a lot of questions wrapped into that comment. So, first of all, we didn't hold back any R&D. I mean, to some extent, we knew it was going to be ramp up in – during the year anyway because you're sort of hiring the people and sort of spending the money. But, what I would tell you is, while it looks like our R&D went up roughly $2 million in the quarter, actually it went up $4 million in Human Health and it was down a little bit in Environmental. So, we've been ramping up fairly significantly. I would say the difference between three months ago and now is not necessarily the fact that we slowed down R&D – and I think Andy alluded to this to some extent – it's actually we're seeing the benefits of our productivity and Lean initiatives sooner than we thought. And I would say that's the fundamental reason why we beat in the first quarter. And that's why we felt comfortable taking the entire beat in the first quarter and flowing it through. But to your point, with regard to will we continue to invest? That's the plan and we continue to expect that in 2016, R&D will be 40 basis points higher as a percentage of revenue than it was in 2015.
Robert F. Friel: I think there'd be probably a normal balance. I mean, there are obviously – there are some things that we'd like to do – but one of the things I think I mentioned in the beginning of the year was, we purposely wanted to take our R&D up because we saw some terrific opportunities to invest it in. So, where we saw the opportunities, we're funding them.
Robert F. Friel: Well, I don't know that I want to get into specific businesses, we're either going to keep or sell on the call, quite frankly. But I would say, we have discussions continually with the board regarding whether we're the right owner of the assets. And I would say, right now as we sort look across the portfolio, we think we're right owner. However, if a better owner is willing to pay us a strategic premium to be the better owner, we're willing to look at those types of things. But I think I sort of articulated why we thought NTD made sense to sell, but as of right now, all the businesses we have we think make sense in the portfolio.
Robert F. Friel: Okay, let me go through. So in Japan, I mean, we were down sort of low-mid single digits in Japan; that's better than what we saw in 2015, but we're still concerned. I think what we've said in the past is, at least in the latter half of the year, we get easier comps. So, I think our view for Japan right now is sort of flat, maybe down a little bit. For us, we're seeing pretty good strength in Environmental, but continued headwinds in Human Health. And a lot it is because we think the academic funding is still not flowing. So, we will continue to be cautious on Japan. But like I said, I think it probably gets better in the second half of the year. Your question on China with regard to the blood screening, I think as Andy talked about, we had a very strong quarter there. And I would say when we think about 2016 versus 2015, we think that business at least doubles. And I think we've said in the past, that we think over the next couple of years, it's a $50 million business; we think we're well on track to achieve that. So, again, we feel very good about that business. We feel very good about the traction that business is getting and we feel very good about the percentage of tenders we're winning. Your other question I think was around Europe and was it specifically on product, tell me again, Tycho.
Robert F. Friel: Europe for us was sort of mid-single digits and it was fairly even balanced between Human and Environmental Health. I think probably service grew a little faster than products, but I mean, nothing more than just sort of the overall macro concern that we I sort of highlighted before. If you look at some of the data coming out on the sort of production growth in the PMI, it makes you a little cautious. But I think we still feel like Europe's stabilized and should grow in the sort of low to mid-single digits.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. I would say we're not really factoring that in in any sort of forecast. I mentioned that I think in the U.S., it was up 1% to 2%, and I think that's what we've assumed in our forecast. We'll see. If that starts to have a more dramatic impact and we see birth rates decline a little bit, we'll sort of adjust accordingly. But I would say right now, that's not our assumption.
Robert F. Friel: I don't know that it'll ever be fully penetrated because I think it will continue to grow. But I would say probably 2017 is the – is where – you'll probably see sort of a slowdown in instrument placements. But you'll still continue to see sort of reagent growth there, we believe.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. I would say, I think we were a little bit pleasantly surprised by some of the price that was sticking. And we think to some extent, hopefully that speaks to the differentiation nature of some of the new products we are rolling out. So, I think a lot of times when you look at your ability get price, I think that hopefully reinforces the competitive nature of the product. And so, we saw it on a research side; later this year, we're looking to come out with some new products on the Environmental side and hopefully use that as a way to get some price. But I would say on the Environmental side, the price continues to be a little challenging until we get some more of the new products out into the marketplace.
Robert F. Friel: So the microfluidics business did quite well in the quarter. I think it was up high single digits. I would say it was fairly broad-based. So I think we saw that growth across. I mean, I don't know that I can give you specifics into what types of labs that went into, but I would say we continue to see good growth in the microfluidics. And clearly, the NGS labs is a targeted area for us, but I couldn't give you the split.
Robert F. Friel: Well, I mean on the topline side, we really didn't beat by that much, so I wouldn't say there was a lot of surprises. We spiked that a little bit on food, so food was probably a little bit better than we thought. And also I would say China probably came in a little stronger than we thought. But relative to the topline, we were maybe a little bit better, but not significantly. I think the real surprise this quarter that we talked about was really on the margin side and I think that really relates to the fact that we're starting to see the flow-through of some of the actions that we put in place, latter part of 2015, a little sooner than we thought.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah, I would say, first of all, ViaCell in some instances, a stem cell transplant is a cure for some of the things that we uncover in our newborn screenings. So, I think there is a good tie there, and I think first of all, it ties well into our mission from the standpoint of Human and Environmental Health, so I would say that. And I would say cord blood is an area that I think for 2016, we believe there may be some opportunities here that – to see some nice growth. We've been participating in some studies and we could see some positive movement here in cord blood, I think, in the foreseeable future.
Robert F. Friel: Great. Well, first of all, thank you for all your questions. So, let me just summarize and say we feel great about our progress year-to-date and look forward to continuing to strengthen and expand the PerkinElmer brand across markets and among our customers. And our hope is that in the future we'll continue to make an even greater impact around the globe. Thank you for your continued interest in PerkinElmer and have a great evening.
Frank Anders Wilson: Yeah, sure. I – well, let me tell you a little bit about free cash flow. I mean, first off, the primary driver of the difference year-over-year was the timing of our payroll. That'll normalize in the second quarter. We did have some additional working capital; as you guys remember, we had a very strong fourth quarter. There was a little bit of build of working capital; some of that was in support of new products that are going to be coming out in the second half. But as I said in my prepared remarks, we are still committed to a free cash flow of $300 million, which is essentially one times our adjusted net income. And one thing I'd like to add just as a clarification. When I was doing my prepared remarks, I was handed a note. I said our full year revenue – we were going to be $3.23 million – that should be $2.32 billion; just wanted to make that clear.
Frank Anders Wilson: Within LSS as a whole, we have core research and informatics and service. And so, the core research grew at a mid-single digit rate; when you combine the three pieces, it grew at a low single digit rate. Informatics had a very difficult comparison in the first quarter and that's really what drove the difference between mid and low single digit.
Frank Anders Wilson: I think you're going to see that impact from Lean grow as the year progresses. We've said most of our gross margin impact is really going to occur in the second half of the year as these initiatives are rolled out. I think the Lean initiatives probably were about a third of the improvement in the first quarter. I think we did have some pricing initiatives within our Human Health business that contributed another piece and then the incremental volume was probably the third piece. I think you're going to start to see the Lean initiatives and the productivity initiatives being implemented, within operations, start to accelerate in the second, third and fourth quarters. And as we said, we think our gross margin expansion for the year will be somewhere in the 70 to 80 basis point range. So, being 30 in the first quarter, you can see, it's a fairly rapid acceleration through the year.
Frank Anders Wilson: We – we're still committed to our delivering one times adjusted net income, which is essentially $300 million. And I had talked earlier about that we had a very strong finish to the year, which did impact us a bit in the first quarter. Most of it is timing, and we've already seen some of that reverse. We had some higher inventory builds for supporting some new products; we think that'll flow through. So, at this point, there's no reason to think we shouldn't be able to hit that one times adjusted net income or $300 million.
Frank Anders Wilson: Yeah. I would say, we typically across PerkinElmer, get pricing specifically around reagents and consumables and some pricing around service. Instruments have been a little bit more of a struggle. On the Human Health side, we implemented some new pricing programs and some discounting programs within our sales organization late in the fourth quarter last year, and we've rolled those out across geographies and we're starting to see the traction, first in the U.S., and we think we'll start to see traction in Europe and Asia to follow. But that's really where it's been focused. I think we'll probably take some of those learnings and port those over to Environmental Health as well. So hopefully, we can see some upside there. But I'd say, right now, in the consumables and reagents, we do get price typically, and then, of recent which I spiked out, we got some product price on the Human Health side.
