Robert F. Friel: No, I would say in Europe, it was high single -- in the U.S., actually, it was up, mid- to high-single. And then, of course, the Asia portion was also up high-single. And I would say, the European decline was not restricted to Pharma. We also saw it on the industrial side as well.
Robert F. Friel: I think we can continue to see good growth in OneSource because what we've been trying to do particularly over the last, probably 6 or 9 months, is to look to expand that beyond Pharma. So I think we see some opportunities, particularly as we combine it with our informatics offerings to go into chemical industries and maybe some of the food and beverage opportunities. So I think we're continuing to believe that we can see mid-single growth, maybe even a little bit better than that in the OneSource area.
Robert F. Friel: So with regard to sequestration, as you probably know, that's not a -- the NIH funding is not a significant exposure for us. We think it's probably in the mid-single digit range from a perspective of revenue exposure. And for purposes over our '13 assumptions, market assumptions, we're assuming that it will look very similar to what we saw in 2012. And the way I would describe it is, sequestration clearly had an impact on slowing some of the grants and funding down, but probably not as strong a decline as you would expect under a, call it, a full sequestration. So, I mean, I guess to sort of give you some kind of sense of impact, with about 5% of our revenue exposed. If there was a 10% decline, it would be about a 50 basis point headwind on our organic growth. We're probably assuming something like half of that, which is probably what we saw in 2012. Just to give you some kind of calibration. With regard to the Verinata arrangement, and again, as I mentioned before, one we're quite excited about from a long-term implication. However, with regard to 2013, we have a de minimis impact on both the top and bottom line.
Robert F. Friel: So I would say with regard to the informatics, we're quite excited about this collaboration we announced, and it started in the fourth quarter with Spotfire. So we're investing in and around that to expand out the capabilities in the life sciences area, and we're continuing to build out sort of additional generations of current software releases. So I think you'll continue to see a big investment in and around the informatics area. With regard to the LST area, maybe I'll just have Kevin talk to that specifically, with regard to the innovation.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. So I would say, if you went through the sort of 3 key areas, they all were forecasting, we'll probably be in the mid-single range. I think when you think about Diagnostics, probably, the Screening business, we think will probably be a little better in '13. Andy alluded a little bit to the fact that we're seeing -- we are seeing some positive trends on birth rates in the U.S. We believe in the fourth quarter that we actually went to positive birth rates, probably about 1.5% up on a trailing 12 months. So we're expecting a little bit better growth on the Screening side. But to your point of tough comps, the Medical Imaging business saw a very strong double-digit growth in 2012. Some of that was timing oriented relative to customer ordering patterns, and that is going to be a headwind, we don't expect them to -- obviously, to be able to repeat that. And so we'll probably experience Medical Imaging, probably in the low-single digits in 2013. So when you put that together with a little bit stronger Screening growth, we'll probably be looking at mid-single digits. Again, on the Environmental side, when you look at both the service and the product side, we think that will be mid single-digits. And now particularly with the Informatics business being combined with the historic LST business, we think that's probably going to be mid-single as well.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. So we've been really talking about probably 3 major programs, 2 of them probably dealt more on the cost of sales side with regard to production. One was actually reducing our footprint, and the other was shifting production in the lower-cost areas. Those -- our anticipation is, will be completed probably at the end of the second quarter and so you'll see some benefit in the third and fourth quarter of 2013, and then, a full year of benefit in '14. And then the other one we've been talking about is leveraging our general and administrative costs is mostly our back-office and we're moving that in the sort of low-cost regions. That's a project that will start to skip some benefits in '13, but we'll continue to sort of drive some additional changes probably throughout the year. And you probably won't see the full impact of that in 2014. But I think when we've talked about the potential opportunity here, it's -- in those 3 programs alone, we're probably in the 50 to 100 basis point margin improvement.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. So you know, we've talked about China being about 10% of our revenue. And I would say, the portion of our revenue that is at what I would call sort of the broader environmental, where you include water and soil and air and food, it's probably -- I don't know, 30% to 40% of our revenue in that area. So it's probably in the $60 million plus.
Robert F. Friel: I think it's more the latter. I think as we've talked about in the past, if you go back to the '08 timeframe, we did feel there were some significant gaps in our portfolio that we needed to fill. As I sort of look at the portfolio today, I feel much better about it. So I don't see any pressing need to go out and do any large deals for that matter. And so I think what you should expect from us is probably more bolt-ons. Now relative to 2012, where we did very little, I would expect that the pace of small bolt-ons to probably increase in '13. But again, I would -- be unlikely for us to do a large sized deal in this environment.
Robert F. Friel: I would say the first thing is whenever you think about our Research business, you need to keep in mind that $100 million or so of our business is in radiometric detection and radio chemicals. And that was down sort of high single, low double in the quarter. And so -- and part of that is, it is cycling up against some difficult comps relative to on the detection side with the tsunami in Japan during 2011, we were selling a lot of instruments into that segment. So when you pull that out, the segment actually grew pretty well in the pharmaceutical side, call it, mid single digits. But of course, it gets pulled down by what's going on in the rad area.
Robert F. Friel: So we had been in discussions with Verinata for some period of time because being a strong player in prenatal, particularly on the biochemical screening and with the signatures arrays, and we've talked about this in the past where we also are doing some things internally around some R&D projects in noninvasive prenatal, but we're also talking to some of the outsider providers as well. And in looking at, at least our assessment of the technology was out there, we thought Verinata had the best technology and the best tests. So like I said, we've been in discussions with them for some time and consummated that with the announcement a couple of weeks ago. And the questions with regard to the investments, it's largely around just continuing to build out our channel in prenatal. I would say build out the channel and train our sales force. And so we're making some investments with regard to that in the first half here.
Robert F. Friel: Sure. So what Haoyuan has is -- think of that as DNA assays around infectious disease. And it's very complementary to what we do today with SYM-BIO. SYM-BIO has immunoassays, whereas Haoyuan provides the molecular test. And today, most of Haoyuan testing is done in blood banks and so our plan is to take those assays, combine them with what we do in SYM-BIO and actually go into the hospital. And what that will allow us to do is to tell the subtype with regard to the infectious disease. And so it's very complementary from a testing perspective and we think it will be very complementary to our channel access within China. Again, leveraging our SYM-BIO capabilities.
Robert F. Friel: Right. So I think you know, Derik, we call on the doctors today, the MFM's today, because we do biochemical screening with NTD. And in many instances, in our discussions with doctors, particularly where there's a high risk expecting mother, they've been asking us about NIPT. So I think this is going to be a relatively easy sale for our sales force to basically say, and to the extent that, they want to do a biochemical screen, they go to NTD. To the extent that they want to do an IPT, we give them the verifi test. And to the extent they want to do a chromosomal analysis, we -- I get them in touch with Signature Genomics. So again, it gives us this terrific complementary offering where depending on what the doctor -- depending on the test that the doctor wants to use, we can offer, again, whether it's NTD or the verifi test and they'll get all the same billing from PerkinElmer.
Robert F. Friel: Yes, and I would say the other thing before with the U.S. another important point to make is, in addition to the customer contacts in the channel, I think maybe even more importantly, is we have the contracts with the healthcare providers. And so I think we mentioned in the press release that we have close to 100,000 -- 170,000 covered lives under contract. And so I think that's the other significant opportunity, or as I think we can accelerate the coverage of NIPT because of the relationships and the contracts we have with the providers. So when you go outside the U.S., so outside the U.S. on a prenatal side, we have very extensive capabilities. We're probably the largest prenatal provider in China from the standpoint of a distribution perspective, and very strong capability in Europe as well. And so the plan ultimately is to potentially extend some of the things we're doing in the U.S. into the global arena.
Robert F. Friel: So, I think, outside the U.S., we continue to see good growth there. Generally, what happens is we sort of start working with some pharmaceutical companies, it's generally in the U.S. and then it gets extended into other sites that they have, in Europe and in Asia, et cetera. Also, at the same time, we've been building out our capabilities, particularly in the Pac Rim, and so we're continuing to see good growth there. So I expect that to continue. The margin on service, if we're talking about sort of traditional service, the margins there continue to be very strong. I would say above the corporate average. I would say, for the multi-vendor business, that's probably a little bit under the corporate average, particularly when we first enter into a contract. But when you look at service together, again, above the corporate average with regard to operating margins.
Robert F. Friel: Well, the way to think about it, first of all, is the Chinese government has mandated by 2015 that all blood screening be net tested. And so what is occurring between now and then is various tenders that are going on. And so as we think about -- so the milestones between now and 2015, virtually all of the blood screening labs in China will have to adopt one of the 5 providers. And so I guess that's way to think about it as these -- some are obviously larger than others. But it's really thinking about how the tenders -- how we do in the tenders as we lead up to 2015.
Robert F. Friel: For us, it's a relatively small impact. I think with regard to the products that, that is imposed upon, it's mostly the newborn screening in the U.S. And so first, it's going to be less than $2 million for the year.
Robert F. Friel: I would say signature, on the postnatal side, it continues to see some decent growth. I think the issue with Signature has been historically and I think we've talked about this, is we've come out with a new chip in the oncology area and just getting reimbursement from the providers has taken much longer than we had anticipated. So I would say that on the Signature side, well, I wouldn't get into the specific details from a revenue growth and a revenue size because it will just sort of try to get down -- try not to get into the sort of subsegments of all the businesses. But I would say, in some areas, we're pleased with the growth, in some of the areas, we're a little disappointed, like I said, because of the uptake in the reimbursement.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. I would say the non-oncology side is probably doing better than the oncology side, that's how I will probably describe it.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. So I would say, we, in fact, have been seeing that. I mean I think if you look over the last couple of years, we've gone from probably screening in 70 or so countries, and now we're doing in the low 90s. So we continue to see the adoption both in countries and even within those countries where they might do 1 or 2 sort of expanding into more tests. I mean, that's clearly the case in China. So I think the numbers you're referring to is if you look at the 130 million births across the globe generally, 122 million of those are outside U.S. and Europe. And so that's really -- we see as a significant opportunity for us. And just to sort of calibrate things, if the rest of the world adopts screening at the level of 1/3 of what the U.S. does, it becomes a $1 billion opportunity.
Robert F. Friel: So if you look at some of the areas that I identified as investments in '13, it was really around emerging markets, particularly in the diagnostic areas. So I think we would continue to see significant growth there. It was in the informatics area where I think we're still very bullish about that and we feel good about that. And then it was also in the prenatal channel. And I think by 2014, that could be a significant number for us. So rather than getting specific guidance for 2014, I think you could see an acceleration of our organic growth of beyond sort of traditional mid-single digits.
Robert F. Friel: I think as we looked at the landscape, obviously, there are still some technology risk with regard to IP. And I think by entering into a collaboration with Verinata, while we're -- as I mentioned before, we think it's the best technology and we think they've got a terrific test, it does lead us -- give us the opportunity to pursue other technologies down the road. If either something comes out and has a better technology, or again, depending on what happens from an IP perspective. So I think it's maintain the flexibility from a test offering perspective, but while in the short term here, getting our customers probably the best product that's on the market.
Robert F. Friel: I think the way to think about it is in the short term, I don't see us coming up with a competing test.
Robert F. Friel: And the impairment, the way to think about that is we've had, as you know, a number of acquisitions over the last couple of years. And for a long period of time, we are sort of maintaining the brands and the trademarks for that period of time, so Packard and Enian [ph] et cetera. We made a decision at the end of the year to sort of clean that up. And so that required a -- or resulted in an impairment charge with regard to some of the trademarks that were on the buckets, a non-cash charge. And basically, going forward, we're going to move toward the PerkinElmer brand.
Robert F. Friel: Great. So first of all, thank you for your questions and your continued interest in PerkinElmer. In closing, as we enter 2013, I'm confident that PerkinElmer is well positioned for another year, during which we will continue to deliver strong shareholder returns and accelerate our growth through our focused approach on building our innovative capabilities in targeting high-growth markets. Again, thank you for your interest in PerkinElmer, and have a great day.
Frank A. Wilson: I think it's about 50-50. I think in the past, we said, we needed mid-single digit growth to drive 75 to 100 basis points, and I think where we are situated now about 1/2 -- if we hit the volume now, about 1/2 of that flow-through will be related to the volume.
Frank A. Wilson: Well, when I gave -- this is Andy, by the way, Dan. When I gave the assumptions for guidance, I essentially said flat share count. So we obviously have some option creep during the year. So our assumption would be, we would certainly take that out. We obviously have been looking and continue to look at share repurchases. And we do that vis-à-vis with our capital review, and we are also looking at bolt-ons and tuck-ins. So I think we will keep share count flat, I think in a minimum, and we'll look at other opportunities as they come up.
Frank A. Wilson: Sure. I mean, we obviously are going to get the benefit of some of the AR buildup we saw in the fourth quarter, so that will help us a little bit. I think -- always going in, our goal is to deliver free cash flow equal to net income. I think it will be slightly below that in 2013. And that's because of finishing out these 3 projects that will require some restructuring that will impact cash flow. But I think beyond that, everything else should be kind of in line with what you would expect from improvement and working capital terms and kind of a 1x net income.
Frank A. Wilson: A lot of the restructuring, especially in some of the latter phases of the manufacturing side, as well as some of the back-office consolidation really occur in '13. So it's the incremental piece that's going to impact us and that -- we have not quantified a dollar amount. There's a lot of things going on that we prefer not to. But clearly, as we wrap up these projects, there's going to be some incremental restructuring as we close some of these facilities.
Frank A. Wilson: No, there will be more restructuring charges in '13. There will. Because some of the areas that we're starting to finish up, some of the restructuring charges that began in '12 will bleed over into '13, and we also have some new restructuring charges related to some of these that will commence in the second and third quarter.
Frank A. Wilson: I think it was about 90 basis points in the fourth quarter. And I think we will see that continuing on into the first and second quarter. It will taper off a little bit in the third quarter as the manufacturing programs are completed. We'll still see the back-office consolidation spend continue really through the middle part of the fourth quarter.
Frank A. Wilson: It was primarily mix and some of the productivity investments we talked about. I think if you look at 2013, we don't normally give gross margin forecasts, but I think we'll see some improvement in gross margins, as these programs that we talked about are completed. And we'll see the benefit of those and then we won't see the spend associated with it as well. So we should see, maybe a little bit of pressure on the margin, gross margins in the first half and some benefit in the second half and overall, I think it will be a net benefit.
Frank A. Wilson: Caliper was about $10 million in the quarter, for this year. So it's a little less than $15 million. It had no impact at all on our organic growth.
Frank A. Wilson: I mean, I think the biggest part of that is very difficult comparisons. I think for the most part, we didn't see anything structural or otherwise. I think we're going to see the same thing again in the first quarter. Just to give you some perspective, we were up north of 30% in the fourth quarter last year. So just -- it's really just more comparison related.
