Robert Friel: Yes. So academic exposure for us is probably less than 5%. We talked about this in the past. It's one of the reasons why -- when the stimulus spending a couple of years ago, we didn't see a significant benefit from that. So consequently, we're less impacted. As I sort of mentioned before, I think historically, we've been underrepresented in the academic area of research because a lot of our products were more tailored to pharma and biotech. It was a strategy, probably about 12 months ago that we started to adjust some of our product portfolio to do better in academic markets. And so, we're getting some of the benefit of that. So I still think spending is probably flat to maybe up a little bit across academia. I think we're just seeing a little bit of growth relative to, as I said, we're fairly up, underrepresented in that area. So I'm not suggesting that the market is growing much. I think it's a question of we're probably doing a little bit better.
Robert Friel: I think you got to look at it region by region. I think in Asia, we continue to see good growth there. I don't know that we're seeing much moderation, particularly in the emerging areas. I think Europe clearly has slowed. For us, Europe was, as Andy mentioned, was sort of low-single digits, but we continue to see good strength in Asia. I think while that was true across the entire company, that's specifically on the environmental side. But having said that, there's continued demand within both the environmental and the food and consumer areas. I mean, you continue to see, whether its regulations or EPA putting out the list of chemicals of concern or the China 5-year plan, including directives and procedures targeting at reducing and monitoring water pollution, the U.K. government laying out specific air quality targets. Of course, you've got the U.S. Food Safety Modernization Act. So you continue to see a lot of focus and emphasis in this area. And that's why I sort of said in my prepared remarks, while clearly, we think it's going to be a challenging economic environment, particularly, and I said sort of uneven growth, I do think there is a high priority being placed on this area. So we're still fairly optimistic that we'll continue to see growth in the broader environmental health arena because of the things I mentioned before.
Robert Friel: Yes. So if you look at our performance sort of from '08 to '09, we were down sort of low-single digits from a top line perspective. And of course, back then, we had IDS, relating in Sensor business, which is we call that -- it was a little bit more cyclical and more sensitive, I would say, the downturn in the economy. And as I think about the portfolio of businesses now without IDS and, of course, a higher percentage of service, and I would say the software businesses, I think we will, similar in what we were in '08, '09, continue to be very resilient even if we see a more difficult economic environment and even if we dip into another recession. So I guess I feel pretty good about our position from a portfolio of the end markets we operate in, as well as the position of PerkinElmer within those end markets. So that's why even though it's a challenging macroeconomic environment, we're still talking about mid-single growth, and we're taking our guidance up.
Robert Friel: What I talked about was more specifically that we're seeing growth outside of our traditional base, which is the pharmaceutical companies, and I just spoke in particular a big contract that we got in the environmental testing area. So while we do continue to get customers, probably more important is we're broadening out the addressable market.
Robert Friel: I know where I would think about Research. It was driven by Asia and was also driven by academic as compared to pharma and biotech.
Robert Friel: Well, I think generally we're trying to be sort of prudent with how we expend, whether it's expenses or capital. But we continue to see growth in the mid-single digits. So while I'll say we're being cautious with, I would say, significant investments, we're continuing to spend money in R&D and building out infrastructure, particularly in the emerging markets. So I think it will be prudent, but I would say we're not, at this point, at the level we were is sort of late '08.
Robert Friel: Probably, orders and bookings, if we saw -- and of course, it's hard to characterize across the entire company because within various markets or with various businesses, we may see some slowdown and, therefore, we'll be responsive to that. But that's really up to the sort of individual business leaders to monitor that. But I would say across the corporation, we do not have any overall plans to curtail our expenditures or capital.
Robert Friel: No, I think it's still consistent with what we've done historically, which is we look at acquisitions and then we also look at buying our stock. As I'm sure everybody is painfully aware, our stocks are a lot cheaper today than it was 7 or 8 days ago. So I think that's -- if there's a difference, it's only that perspective is that probably buying back PerkinElmer stock is a lot more attractive than it is now than it was 2 weeks ago. But I think we look at both, and we look at the financial returns and consider the risk aspects of both of those investments. And in fact, if you look back 2 years, I think the split is about 60% of the cash we generated through operations, and asset sales was invested back in acquisitions and about 40% was return to shareholders through share buybacks.
Robert Friel: I think Signature Genomics is a business where we invested into -- continue to expand our capabilities into the chromosomal analysis side. I think we continue to see good progress on the OncoChip and getting that out into the marketplace. I would say the area that's been somewhat difficult is the -- I would say, the ramp up in the reimbursement of that product has probably gone a little slower than we would have originally anticipated.
Robert Friel: Well, when we start talking about total government, I guess, we need to sort of separate that in a couple of categories. I talked earlier about our exposure to academia, which was really in the Research area. And when you look at the U.S. aspect to that, we think that's something less than 5%. When we started expanding it to all governments and you get into newborn screening which, of course, in most cases, in the U.S., the newborn screening testing is reimbursed by state governments. And of course, when you get into outside the U.S., a lot of what we do in the screening area is paid ultimately by the government in the various countries. So I guess, if you're just talking about total governments across everything that we do, it's probably 20%, 25% of our revenue.
Robert Friel: Yes, I mean, historically that's been the case. So while we are disappointed from a gross margin perspective because of the mix issue with insurance being a little lower and gross margins, in the long term, we think it bodes positive for the business because, as you said, a lot of the instruments we placed have a revenue stream associated with that. Quite frankly, the instrument growth that we saw was both in academia, pharma, biotech and on the diagnostics side as well. So if you look within the Screening business, we saw good placement of instruments and, again hopefully, that bodes well for the future as it usually does carry with a good annuity stream on the consumable and reagent side.
Robert Friel: I would say that one area that I would spike out and probably slight improvement on the Screening side, as I mentioned before. I think we are expected to see a little stabilization in birth rates. And hopefully, we continue to get good traction outside the U.S. So I think we're expecting Screening to improve a little bit, Research to sort of be consistent with what it was in the second quarter, and probably, a little moderation on the Environmental side. And as I said before, not necessarily because of demand characteristics but just because of comparisons year-over-year.
Robert Friel: So I would think of the Screening business probably 2/3, 1/3 from the standpoint of U.S. to outside the U.S. And I would say, we're seeing some early indication based on data that we track in the hospitals with regard to sort of deliveries that there may be some again modest improvement in stabilization in the back half.
Robert Friel: So I guess when we think about the third quarter is we do expect to see incremental margin improvement on the Human Health side. What we are forecasting is not as strong of expansion on the Environmental side. Of course, if you look at the first half, Environmental Health was expanding operating margins over 200 basis points. We're assuming that moderates down a little bit.
Robert Friel: From a margin perspective, we think both gross margin and operating margin will expand in the second half despite the year-over-year comparison in Med Imaging.
Robert Friel: Well, I think when you think about our Research Reagent business, you really need to bifurcate it between the radio chemicals and the non-rad. The radio chemicals, as we talked on a number of occasions, continue to be under pressure. And so, again this year -- this quarter, it was down sort of high-single digits. And we're continuing to try the best we can to sort of manage through that transition, and we think, at some point, that does stabilize at a certain rate. On the other hand, on the non-rad side, I think we continue to see good growth there. And as you said, I do feel good about the rejuvenations there, both within internal investments that we've made, as well as some of the external acquisitions we made. So for example, the VisEn business in the preclinical side saw a good growth in the quarter. So I feel terrific about the progress we've made on the non-rad. It's going to take us a little while to sort of make that piece large enough to make the non-rad piece not have such a big impact on the overall growth of the Reagents business.
Robert Friel: Okay. Well, first of all, thank you for your questions. As we move into the third quarter, our priorities will remain focused on bolstering our growth and utilizing a focused approach to improving our operating margins, while investing in new technologies, software and services that advance human and environmental health. During our next earnings call, I look forward to discussing our third quarter performance and how we're progressing against our priorities. Thank you for your participation in today's call and your continued interest in PerkinElmer. Have a great day.
Frank Wilson: Yes. For all the acquisitions until we have said $35 million, I think, in the last time we talked, and that's -- we're just under $20 million in the second quarter right about that in the third quarter and then the balance will be in the fourth quarter. So we'll see somewhat of a linear ramp through the year. And all through the full year released around $75 million. And then on the profit side, the majority of the profits will be recognized in the fourth quarter, and that's primarily due to CambridgeSoft, which we talked about last quarter.
Frank Wilson: I appreciate the feedback. I'll get slower each quarter, but at mid-single digit is what I said in my prepared remarks for the Research business.
Frank Wilson: Well, sure. We were -- it was 6% tailwind in the second quarter. We expected to be 4% in the third and probably around 3% in the fourth. So hopefully, that's what you need.
Frank Wilson: Well, yes. The growth investment side of it, we're really referring mainly to our DNA business we talked about over the last couple of quarters and some of the expenditures around that. I think the rest of the Human Health outside is really going to be impacted by mix. I think the overall margins we expect to return to positive in the second half for is Human Health primarily because we do think there's a bit of a pickup in that mix with our Screening business kind of get them up to more of a positive than what we saw in the second quarter. So I think there's incremental there. And I think we still have very difficult comps in the Med Imaging side. We were up over 20% on Med Imaging in the third, fourth quarter last year. So I think that's going to be a little bit of an offset to that. So I think with those investments and with volumes getting -- returning to more of a mid-single type growth rate, that's kind of where we think we'll end up.
