Rob Friel: Thanks, Bryan, and good evening, everyone. The third quarter was a busy one for PerkinElmer in which we continued to take important steps to position the company for acceleration of our growth and profitability, while also delivering strong financial results. Turning first to our financial results in the quarter, revenue was $707 million representing organic revenue growth of 5%. Adjusted EPS was $1.06, an increase of 18% over Q3 last year and significantly exceeding our forecast. As the benefits of our new operating model and increased contributions from our growth businesses delivered very significant operating leverage. This strong margin expansion has given us the confidence to raise our full-year adjusted EPS growth to 13% despite stronger than anticipated headwinds from foreign exchange and a challenging macroeconomic environment.
Rob Friel: Yes, the two aspects to it, Derik. One is as we are moving the genomics testing lab, we had two facilities, one in Branford and one in Pittsburgh. And we are consolidating that into Pittsburgh. So from the move that has resulted in a backlog of samples which were not read through and that contributed to some of the slow down on the diagnostics one. The second one was around the applied genomics business. We had last year a lot of capital based systems on the automation side of it, which did not come through. And that has postponed over to the next few quarters. Again, these are things that we – it's not that we have lost these, but they have moved on into the next couple of quarters. So that essentially has accounted for the slowdown that we saw on Q3. Again, coming back to it, our reproductive health franchises and immunodiagnostics, those continued to do very well despite the slowdown in birthrates.
Rob Friel: Yes, I'd be happy to do that. And Paul, you're probably one of the few people that sort of remember the old days there in the early 2000s. But anyway, as you can imagine, not surprisingly, over the last couple of weeks, I've been a little bit more reflective on my tenure here. And I would say, I feel really good about what we've been able to accomplish at the company during sort of almost two decades. And I really want to emphasize the, we part of that statement is I've been extremely fortunate to work with really some outstanding people over the years. As I think about the most important accomplishments, there's probably three or four I sort of just spike out quickly. One, obviously it's relevant for this audience is the value we've created for our shareholders. If I go back to when I started as CFO in 1999, the company had a little north of $1 billion in market cap when I became CEO in early 2008, it had grown to three. And today we sit at it just under 10 with an enterprise value of close to 12. So to put that in perspective, if you had invested $1 billion in the market in 1999, you'd be at about $3 billion, meaning, over that period of time we've created about $7 billion in incremental value, four of which was during my tenure as CEO. And I think an important component of that value creation, as you mentioned, Paul, was the dramatic shift in the portfolio and capabilities of the company. And it's been particularly, I would say in the last six or seven years. And I feel particularly proud that we've been able to do that with fairly minimal disruption. And for those of you that have been around for awhile, it's really dramatic change of our end markets, our geographic footprint, our technological capabilities. While that not only provides, I would say, a better platform to accelerate the growth and profitability, it's created a more unifying mission and purpose for the company around improving health globally. And that really takes me to the third area where I really feel great about the organizational capability we've built. And that sort of things like work environment and culture and why people would come to PerkinElmer. And in the past I would say, I felt like the company attracted people because more or less the job and it was sort of a transactional relationship, they came here to work and receive a paycheck. And that was sort of it. I now think people come to PerkinElmer as a place to participate in a mission at the same time, pursue a sort of a career. And as a result, I think what really starts to differentiate us is how our employees take a more caring and longer term approach to what they do and how they do it. And then the last thing I just mentioned is, so we sort of reached this transition point. I feel extremely proud of the condition of the company. I think we're fortunate to have Prahlad as our next CEO. He knows the company well. He's been part of the significant changes at the company over the last five years. I feel like he'll be supported by an excellent leadership team. And as Jamey and Prahlad talked about the recent commercial realignment, I think it allow us to better serve our customers and in fact infuse more simplicity in how we operate. So feel like when you look at the company from a financial perspective, strategic position or operation, it's just never been in a better place. And so it's an exciting time for the company and it should be for our shareholders, customers and employees. So anyway, I apologize for the long answer, but I feel like I've been here a long time and there's a lot of good things to talk about. So anyway, it's been a good run and I feel like it's turning over to some great hands and excited about the future.
Rob Friel: Yes, so maybe I'll touch on restructuring first. So I mean, much of this has been planned. So it's really in two broad areas. One is our services organization. I've mentioned in the past that we've invested in software platform called ServiceMax, which basically allows us to schedule and dispatch our field service engineers better, control contracts, control pricing, et cetera. So we've known that that's been invested in over the last couple of years and up and running well. So we were able to do a little bit of right-sizing in our services organization. And then the other part was also related to the reorganization of a company. So we think of the company transformation much more is a growth oriented change, but it definitely provided a little bit of synergy as well. And that those two things really comprised the restructuring charge. In terms of high single-digit growth next year, I mean 5% this year is still strong. We still think a lot of the organic growth accelerators will come next year. And some of these things that are going on right now is timing. So I think we mentioned, applied genomics is still a strong market. Some of that backlog we see visibility to in 2009 or 2020. The PerkinElmer genomics testing item is a short-term issue as we transfer from one facility to a different facility, it's not a demand issue. In fact, we’re having the turn away demand. And DAS, we expect, it did improve quite a bit. So DAS came from 2% to 4%. We'd said 5%, academic government came through, OneSource came through. But the applied markets were still a little bit softer than we anticipated. I think it'd be headed into next year, Vanadis hasn't contributed a lot this year. Cannabis and all of our growth accelerators we think will kick in even more. So we're still quite confident in the future trajectory here.
Rob Friel: Great. Well first of all, thanks everyone for your questions and continued interest in PerkinElmer. It's been a genuine privilege to lead the company over the last 12 years and I'm proud of what we've achieved, but proud of still the people who carry our mission forward in the years to come. As I mentioned before, I think the Company is very well positioned from a financial perspective, but also to provide important solutions that help create healthier families and improve the health and longevity for people around the world. So I truly believe the best days are ahead for PerkinElmer, and I look forward to celebrating the ongoing success. Good night and have a great evening.
Prahlad Singh: Thank you Rob. Before I begin my prepared remarks, I wanted to take a few minutes to acknowledge and thank Rob for his leadership and service to PerkinElmer. As you know, Rob will be retiring from the company and this is his last quarterly earnings call. For those of us keeping tabs this is his 84th earnings call with PerkinElmer. Rob has evolved PerkinElmer into a strong company with a legacy of sustainable and profitable earnings growth and optimize the portfolio towards high-growth end markets. The management team at PerkinElmer will build on his legacy to progress PerkinElmer to its next level as a growth focused company providing high-quality earnings. Today I'm excited to update everyone on the continued progress we have made on our strategic priorities during the third quarter. But to start off, I want to begin with some details of our recent acquisition of the Meizheng Group. We are extremely excited to welcome the team from Meizheng to PerkinElmer. Meizheng is a highly attractive and strategic asset, one that will play a pivotal role in our domestic food strategy in China as well as our broader long-term food strategy across the globe. Meizheng has developed a reputation as a leading food safety testing company in China due to its current portfolio breadth, strong culture of innovation and unparalleled customer intimacy. The Company is headquartered in Beijing and has a broad commercial presence in China, supported by over 140 direct sales and marketing feet on the street. Meizheng’s comprehensive technology and product portfolio covers immunoassay, microbiology and molecular testing for food safety in prioritized end-markets grain, dairy, meat and seafood. With the addition of Meizheng, we estimate that the total addressable market for our food portfolio in China is now $1 billion to $2 billion and we have the most extensive set of capabilities across the food testing value chain. For example, in dairy, we now have the broadest set of food quality and safety capabilities, which span from upstream herd management to midstream collection center testing to transportation and storage testing. Additionally, we also now serve the QA and QC labs at processing facilities and third party safety and regulatory adherence testing customers. We estimate that the overall China food safety testing market has been growing at a low double-digit CAGR over the past five years, driven by increasing government regulation and enforcement changes in local dietary preference and a rising middle class.
Prahlad Singh: Let me start with the regulatory strategy in the U.S. and China. So in the U.S. our strategy is not going to be dissimilar to our peers. It's going to be an RUO, under a CLIA, it will be an LDT. Just like most of the other tests out there. Currently, we do not have any plans to go under a PMA or get a regulatory approval in the U.S. In China, we are pursuing CFDA, our regulatory approval, we’re done with type testing. We are in the process of our clinical trials and that will take its due course in time. So from a regulatory perspective, that's our strategy. In the U.S. the benefit that we have is we will be able to differentiate in terms of providing pre-eclampsia and carrier screening and providing it as one test. So it results in a better customer experience as there is only one prick and one report out in a simplistic manner to our customers. So that's from a regulatory perspective. In terms of EU reimbursement strategy that is mostly controlled by the countries where it is operated. As you know, some countries initially where we have already put the system in – there is government approval around EUR 250. So that is already available and it's out there. It's not a specific Vanadis code, but it is available for NIPT reimbursement. So that's from a EU perspective, feedback that we continue to get from our customers is the ease-of-use, workflow, automation and obviously, cost is an important factor. And again, Steve, as we've said earlier, our focus this year is to ensure that we get 30 installations, make sure that they work flawlessly and well and our customers present and publish from there.
Prahlad Singh: So let me take the first one on the tender. Again, the tender was a very small one. It was really not that material. It probably got a little much more attention than it should have. So, I don't think it is significant enough for us to talk about and it did not materially impact what we are. What our business is in China. Specifically, now switching to your second part around diagnostics in China, despite low birth rates in China, our reproductive health franchise continues to do well. Our immuno diagnostics franchise continues to do well. So I don't know, Jamey, what was our Q3 diagnostic
Prahlad Singh: It was up mid-single digits. So we, Steve from a diagnostics perspective, China continues to do well for us.
Prahlad Singh: Let me go with the one that was for me because the other three were for Jamey, so let me take the one around 2020 CEO. Look, as to Tycho’s question I don't want to give guidance on 2020. We'll be happy to do that as we get to our Q1 call. But I will look forward to Tycho’s conference in San Francisco and be able to give more of an update on our strategy and how we see next year and the next several years coming in. But what I will say that our thesis holds, our growth accelerators continue to do very well and we are very confident in what we have talked about earlier in the year.
Prahlad Singh: Yes, good question Brandon. I think from a technology perspective more than the uniqueness in the technology that they provide what was important for us that they had the regulatory approvals and they already had the products in the marketplace. So it was not that there was significantly, a unique technology or differentiated, it was the ability to have a broad product portfolio that they had taken through the regulatory approvals and it was entrenched in the marketplace. I think the more important fact was the second point that you pointed out, Brandon, the ability for us now to take this product portfolio and combine it with our existing product assets of food assets from  Delta and the Perten acquisitions allows us to present a more comprehensive workflow solutions to our customers, not just in China but also in other markets.
Prahlad Singh: So, Vijay I look forward hopefully to a long journey together. But I think, the answer to your question without specific guidance is that the resilience now as we have realigned our portfolio is that there is not one growth driver. There are about seven growth accelerators that we have, but we are not now becoming dependent on any one thing clicking. It's Vanadis, EUROIMMUN, our enterprise business, genomics, cannabis, we've got several growth levers that gives us the level of confidence that we – those will continue to act as growth accelerators for us.
Prahlad Singh: I think the, I mean I would say rather than say different, I would say you would probably look on building on what Rob has done. And there are two areas I think in, if you were to look at this from a differentiation perspective, is the focus on bringing the organization together. Bringing the commercial alignment, which has already happened now gives us more wherewithal to push our workflow solutions across end markets, leveraging a combined commercial organization. So I think that's a big, I would say a differentiation that we are implementing in and which has been completed now. And the second aspect I would say is as we look forward is a lot more focused on technology and continue to build on innovation. I would say those are the two areas where you probably will see some differentiation.
Prahlad Singh: Yes, so maybe I'll talk about the deal piece first. Again, it is very similar to the ones that, and I think I mentioned it earlier, very similar to what we have done with Cisbio on EUROIMMUN is, it was not competitive. In fact the principal was not looking at divesting the company, but we worked with him for about 18 months to 24 months and convinced him that partnership with us is probably the best interest for him and for his business. So that's to that. In terms of China per se sorry, going back to the growth aspects, we expect this to continue to grow at a healthy pace off about 20% plus over the next few years because it's really got a unique product portfolio, lot more focused on consumables and that gives us, the confidence that will continue to have traction. On the third aspect around China and, the noise around it, look, I feel, and then we feel very confident that, this is essentially, eventually when the noise slows down, things are going to go back to being normal. From our perspective again, we have not seen any discernible change in our business there. There might be one or two noises here or there, but there is no discernible change. Our strategy in China is in China for China and that has worked well for us over the past decade, with the SYM-BIO and Haoyuan acquisition and we see it to be no different for Meizheng.
Prahlad Singh: Yes, maybe I can take that one Bill. As we look at, as we look in our, I mean, just talking more specifically, we had two or three NOVA six, which were in Branford. Just getting them packed up, moving them, revalidating them and getting them up and running. It's the process more than anything else. From a funnel perspective, the issue here is not about having a, making sure that we have a strong funnel. The issue here is to just getting those NOVA six back in installing them, validating them and getting them up and running. From a capacity perspective, I don't think that, from a 2020 till 2021, we are going to have an issue that from off capacity utilization. And you know, Bill, as a we do the Vanadis tour in Pittsburgh, you will have an opportunity to see the infrastructure and lab there yourself.
Prahlad Singh: Well, I think it'll probably take a couple of years before it has the same level of approvals in the U.S. that it has from C-Mark perspective. But at this point, we initially if you recall post the close when new approvals would come through, we would send out a trade release, but now these happen every, a couple every quarter or three or four every six months. So we have stopped doing that? And we've essentially stopped tracking and the business there is a small base. It's growing, it's doubling every year. And we continue to see it as a, one of the fastest growing markets for EUROIMMUN. And I don't think that's going to slow down in the near future.
Jamey Mock: Yes. Let me take that, Derik. Yes, I mean, when I think about margin expansion, I think this has been, as Rob mentioned in his prepared remarks, years of planning around this. And a lot of times it just takes some time to kind of show up in our margin line. And I think we talked about three general levers, all of them playing a role, SG&A to your point being one of them. But I mean, I think mix has been better so a little bit more diagnostics. Even within DAS, our Life Sciences business is growing, informatics and reagents continued to grow. With regards to leverage, to your question, yes, I mean I think we have made the necessary investments in years prior and we anticipated that we'd be able to take down the SG&A as a percent of revenue. Obviously and we also had some improvements due to the synergies in our reorganization. And so that helped a little bit here as well. And then on productivity, I think we've got a lot going on both from a shop perspective, services perspective as well as indirect as well so that we can elaborate more on those. But I think it is sustainable here. There might be a little bit of timing, but not much of it.
Jamey Mock: And with regards to DAS instruments versus services, I mean, I think we've saw good mix. I kind of mentioned it earlier in DAS. So greater pharm biotech, greater reagents, software was great. So our informatics business did extremely well, Cisbio continues to do very well. So the mix in that business was positive. The applied markets were flat. So overall we're seeing an improved mixed change to greater service software and reagents in that business, which helped contribute to if you see the gross or the margin expansion in DAS of 340 basis points in the quarter.
Jamey Mock: Yes, I mean, if I were to simplify it, going up $0.03 is largely on the back of extra margin expansion. So I'd call that kind of up $0.06 to $0.07 versus our prior guidance for the rest of the year. Organic growth is coming down, so 5% versus kind of a 5% to 6% organic guidance range, so that's maybe down $0.04 to $0.05, so up $0.02 margin versus organic growth. And then really all the other items, FX is a headwind of $0.02 and tax and interest expense is probably better by $0.03, so that gives you maybe an extra penny as well. So greater margin expansion, more than offsetting organic growth shortage here, and a little bit extra tax benefit more than offsetting foreign exchange.
Jamey Mock: Yes. Tycho, I mean I think the number one thing that to point out is that from Meizheng’s perspective, they have a very strong hold on the local customers. And 70% to 75% of their revenue comes from consumables. So it's not playing in like a very capital intensive market. The installed base is already there. They are providing more of the consumables and the reagents. So that trajectory is one that we haven't seen slowing down while we've been talking to Meizheng. And again the strategy that we have used for this acquisition was not dissimilar to what we've done with the EUROIMMUN and Cisbio, we’ve worked with the principal owner for more than a year and a half and understood and studied the market. So we feel really good about it.
Jamey Mock: Yes, I mean if I step back and just talk about cash flow a little bit. I mean, if you go back a few years, I think it's clear that the company has been focused on improving our revenue growth and expanding our margins. I think we've done a lot of things to do that. We've changed incentive plans. We've leaned into working capital to better serve our customers. We've invested in capital expenditures in EUROIMMUN and other parts of PKI. And we felt that during that time period, it was important to change the trajectory of the company and it also happen to coincide with the low interest rate environment. So we thought it was a good trend. As we look forward, I mean certainly we understand that all three metrics have to go well together. So increasing our growth rate, increasing our margins, I think we've been able to prove that over the last couple of years. And I think cash flow will come along well. So I'm competent in an improving but I think it's going to take a little bit of time. It's not going to be an overnight change. We've got some things underway and some process improvements underway, largely in the areas of receivables and inventory. I think if you look year-to-date, CapEx is down 10%. So that was an easy one to help fix or invested a little bit differently I'd say. So I think it's confident, I won't guide on next year, but very confident that we will get this up to a 90% plus business.
Jamey Mock: Yes. So first one with regards to DAS bridge from the first half to the second half year, so I would say two to three of those came through as expected. So academic and government did turn around as anticipated, we definitely saw a significant uptick versus the first half being down over double digits as you mentioned. OneSource I had mentioned that we definitely had visibility to a lot of this backlogs, so that did see an uptick as well. And in the applied markets did not though. So that's why we're at 4% versus 5%, applied markets continues to be soft. So probably, we did mention some of our food NPIs, those actually are performing pretty well or better than the first half. That said, the overall market is just not where we see it to be. And I think you call it out the China items on MOFCOM or maybe the tenders or whatnot, but I think that's such a small amount. Now, we'll just talk to the overall applied markets and that has not recovered as we talked about earlier. Second on the Dx bridge in the third quarter versus the fourth quarter with regards to lab consolidations. So, late in the third quarter we did start our move into a different facility that will impact the fourth quarter as well, which we, that's why we're guiding, a similar organic growth rate heading into the fourth quarter. This is not a demand issue. As I mentioned earlier, we have plenty of demands and we are actually having to turn away samples just as we kind of pulled through this. So it will impact the fourth quarter, but we anticipate heading into 2020, we'll be fine. Now, the last one around free cash flow, yes, we called out 80% not coming off that I would say, if you look at the fourth quarter there's really two areas that we've got a lot of focus on. One is it's our highest sales quarter, so inventory does normally deplete through the quarter here. And we fully expect that as well. We've also done a lot of work around demand planning to make that better. And then receivables, receivables needs a lot of focus as I mentioned earlier, it is not a turn of the switch here, but we've got a lot of good actions in place, both from a billing process perspective, additional resources, calling on customers, engaging our commercial teams. So, we're still hoping that 80% is still the right answer here, but we are it's a lot to do in the fourth quarter here.
Jamey Mock: Yes, I mean I think in general our overall cost bases are pretty similar. Cost base we expect moving forward into the fourth quarter. I mentioned there's a little bit of timing. So I don't know the exact split off the top of my head between corporate or the divisions, but we had a little bit of timing in R&D, which probably shouldn't hit the corporate milestone, a little bit of extra marketing expense that launched. So there's probably a slight uptick there in the fourth quarter. Maybe some of that comes through the corporate. And with regards to that foreign exchange, I think it was 20 basis points on the gross margin line in the quarter, which flowed through to the same amount on the operating margin line as well.
Jamey Mock: Yes. So you're right, some of that is M&A related, but I think year-to-date it's about a $45 million cash flow usage. I think. And a lot of that is seasonal. So if you look at the last few years, it's similar where we build in the first half and kind of get ready for a larger second half. So a large part of that is seasonable. Some of that is choice, I mentioned that, we've invested in working capital to improve our customer experience. So Vijay, on prior calls I've talked about our distribution center strategy, which we think is going well. And I think, as we turn into 2020, that's something that hopefully we can start to depress the level of finished goods that we have on hand. But some of that's the choice in terms of how the fill rate and how quickly we service our customers and but overall that number that you're seeing year-to-date should come down substantially in the fourth quarter.
Jamey Mock: I think the, I mean I think what we're guiding here is pretty similar to those, the last three quarters really it's been 5% every quarter. I think applied markets in general has been flattish for the entire year and so we aren't embedding really at this point any additional uptick on the DAS side. I think it kind of be more of the same in the fourth quarter here, really it is the way to answer that.
Jamey Mock: So the Meizheng business is $30 million in revenue, so that should increase it by about 1% and we're right around now about 20%.
Dan Brennan: Great. Thank you. Rob, congrats, it's been great spending time with you working with you through the years.
Dan Brennan: Yes. So maybe Prahlad just maybe an early question, I know it's, first quarter in here or really first call. I am just interested in any early insight about the type of different perspectives that you might bring to the CEO role.
Dan Brennan: Great. And then maybe final one just on the deal, on the Meizheng deal, I guess. I apologize if I missed this, but was this a competitive deal, any color how long you've known the company for? See I think you mentioned 25% growth in the prepared remarks back to 09. But how should we think about, what's a reasonable level of growth going forward? And then the final one is I think post the deal now your China exposure is close to maybe 25% or so, at a time when the countries, the relations are showering a bit and the country seems to be getting more inward looking. So I guess, how do you think about from a control perspective, just having such a big portion of your business over there? Like any changes or additions you need to make sure you're staying on top of things over there. Thank you.
Bill Quirk: Great, thanks. Good afternoon, Rob obviously the best of luck to you in the future and congratulations to Prahlad.
Bill Quirk: So I guess a couple of questions. First off with respect to the, I think the couple of comments Jamey has made about turning down business on the diagnostic lab side of things, can you just give us a little comfort that as you consolidate into Pittsburgh help us think about any sort of capacity expansion that you'll have there, such that you're not turning down volume? And if so, when is that? And then I'd have follow-up for that. Thanks.
Bill Quirk: Okay, perfect. Now, I appreciate the clarification. And then I guess just staying in diagnostics, can you remind us where we are on a EUROIMMUN FDA approvals? In other words, kind of what percent of the portfolio at this point is through FDA and if you know, we're not all the way there. Again, maybe you can give us a roadmap in terms of when your organization has effectively an equivalent portfolio in the U.S. to what they have in Europe. Thank you.
