Robert F. Friel: Sure. I would say what we saw in pharma was actually -- as Andy mentioned, we saw our Research business up high single digits. It was driven to a large extent by growth in Asia. I would say we continue to see softness in the Americas. Europe was, I think, in sort of low mid-single digit growth, but we really saw the strength in Asia. And in our case, the strength was much stronger in instruments than reagents. So I would say a little bit better than what we've seen. But again, the majority of the strength is coming from Asia.
Robert F. Friel: But I would say, overall, the performance of Environmental actually came in pretty much what we thought. And when we look at back at the end markets, environmental analysis was actually strong, sort of mid-single-digit growth, again, predominantly outside the U.S. Services did well in the quarter, and to the -- the only area where we saw a little bit of weakness, and particularly toward the end of the quarter, was clearly on the Industrial side, which, as Andy mentioned, is less than 10% of our revenue.
Robert F. Friel: Ross, actually, we saw a pretty good growth across all 3 of the end markets, and I was just there a couple of weeks ago. And you continue to see a lot of emphasis in investment by the Chinese government, first of all, in improving the access to healthcare for all the citizens there. So we see a significant amount of investment. There, we saw a growth both on the newborn side, as well as the infectious disease, a very strong growth. On the research side, we continue, as I mentioned, to see strong traction there. And I think a lot of that is coming from the multinationals that they continue to build capability in that part of the world. And similarly, we saw a good growth on the environmental side, as I think they recognize is that is going to continue to big a big barrier to their continued industrialization. And so they're investing money in cleaning up the environment. So I would say, across the board, we saw a continued growth throughout China.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. Ross, what I would say is, and I think we mentioned this, in the early part of the year, we took some time to focus internally on making sure we got the integration of the acquisitions because, as you know, we're quite active in '11. And we also wanted to bring the debt burden down a little bit. I would say, probably in the last couple of months, we've ramped up the M&A activity, and we've started to fill up the pipeline. And I wouldn't be surprised to see a couple of bolt-on deals here may -- possibly getting done in the next couple of quarters.
Robert F. Friel: I don't think so. I mean, I think when we look at the -- at least, first, we started with sequestration and I think we've talked about this in the past that the impact was -- it's relatively small. I think what we said is when you look at NIH, it's probably 5% or less of our revenue. So obviously, we're conscious of it, but we're not seeing really any significant impact or pullback at this point. Having said that, I don't know that I would attribute to the fiscal cliff. But clearly, we'll continue to manage it in light of a fairly uncertain global economic environment. So I don't know if I'd call out either the fiscal cliff or the sequestration as an issue. But I think we are conscious of some real uncertainties, so whether it's Europe, whether it's some of the concerns in emerging markets, as well as some of the issues we've seen here in the U.S. So I think we have been conscious of growth opportunities as we get into '13 here.
Robert F. Friel: So I would say, the answer to your first question is we continue to accelerate our investments in that part of the world because we continued to be encouraged by, as I mentioned before, the opportunities across all our end markets. So I think that the answer to your question is yes. And I talked a little bit about the investment in both real estate from the standpoint of a much larger headquarter facility. We're putting a global software development there. We're adding application, a laboratory there. We're expanding manufacturing and R&D capacity there. And I would say all is -- mostly for China, we also see it as an opportunity to leverage that into other emerging markets because, obviously, the beneficial cost position. I would say the biggest concern or barrier we see there, quite frankly, is management talent. As we continue to expand, as we continue to put much more capability there, it's really having the management capability to absorb the additional capacity. And so we're spending a lot of time. We've -- as part of this additional investment into our headquarters, we actually put, as part of that, a development and learning center that we now have in our China headquarter facility. And like I said, that's the area we're spending a lot of time on. From a patent infringement, and those type of things -- we're not as concerned about that. And we have some, actually, R&D capabilities in China that we continue to expand upon.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. I mean, specific to the Spotfire license, the way that transaction was established was, in a large extent, a prepaid license agreement. And so there'll be continued payments for the next couple of years. And as we continue to distribute that and sell that product, we'll sort of work off that prepayment.
Robert F. Friel: Well, I would say we're not really, at this point, talking about it. It's not a significant amount of money, but we're not really talking about the -- at sort of the agreement with our partner, not to get into specifics of the financial arrangement.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. So Jon, one of the things, and you probably have an appreciation of it, as we move some of our manufacturing facilities, we're clearly building some excess inventory to give us some leeway there, as we sort of train people in other areas. So some of that's going to clearly carry over into the early part of 2013. And so that additional investment in inventory, while we think it's appropriate, while we continue to make these moves, probably is going to make it difficult for us to achieve what we've historically been able to do, which is to match our free cash flow with our net income.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. The Caliper business continues to perform very well. We're ahead of the model from a profitability and accretion perspective. It - quite frankly, it's really becoming quite difficult to sort of track the revenue, because we're in the point now where -- we've even got to the point where we're substituting products, so in the liquid handling, the JANUS for the Zephyr and FMT versus the Spectrum. So it's not really that meaningful anymore, but I would tell you that, again, they're doing well relative to the organic growth calculations for PerkinElmer. They added slightly, but I would call it less than 30 basis points.
Robert F. Friel: So in the U.S., based on our numbers, we would say birthrates are up about 1% over the last 12 months. So obviously, we're not having the headwind that we had over the last couple of years. It's obviously driving some nice growth there. And outside the U.S., while birthrates have been positive, what's really driving the growth is much higher adoption. And for example, we saw in the quarter, as we do in every quarter, we continue to add additional countries or regions. So we saw some wins in Europe, parts of Germany, Norway and Italy we added. And of course, we continue to see strong expansion in Middle East and particularly, as I mentioned before, in China. So outside the U.S., it was clearly much stronger. But we also saw good growth in the U.S. as well because of back to a positive birthrate.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. I wouldn't suggest that we're sort of immune to what's happening in the overall global economy. But I would say, because I think some of our end markets are more resilient than some of the others, we're not being as impacted. I would say, as the third quarter played out, the industrial end markets -- clearly, we saw some softening there as we got into the later part of Q3. Other than that, and as we said, that's less than 10% -- other than that, I would say, our end markets were fairly consistent through the quarter. So I would say a little softening on the industrial side. Other than that, fairly consistent.
Robert F. Friel: Well, I would -- in China, specifically, the opportunity, number one is on the newborn side. And obviously, they have a lot of births there, in the sort of 15 million to 16 million births per year. Currently, depending on where you are in China, it's anywhere from 2 to 4 tests. And as you probably know, in the U.S. right now, the standard of care is 29. So there's a significant opportunity to continue to expand, not only the number of children that are tested but also the amount of tests. So we're excited by that opportunity. And then also on the diagnostic side where -- largely, what we're doing there is infectious disease for hepatitis B, C and HIV are our larger tests. We're seeing a nice opportunity there, particularly this year, because what you've seen is, for surgeries now there that's done in China, they're now requiring 5 tests for various infectious disease, and that's driving a lot of our growth. So we continue to see a nice runway to continue to expand diagnostic test, particularly in the verticals that we serve within China.
Robert F. Friel: As I sort of alluded to before, Industrial -- or Environmental came in about what we thought. We probably would've pegged that in Q3 about 3% to 4%. If you look back in Q3 of '11, it did have a fairly difficult comparison, particularly in the instrument side. We saw a very strong growth on the instrument side in Q3 of last year, so we knew we were cycling up against that. So maybe Industrial was a little bit lighter than we thought. I would say, overall, it's probably about down mid-single-digits. But when you look at the rest of the business, on the instrument side, we saw a good growth. And as I mentioned, service was up mid to high single digits.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. I think that's fair. I mean when you look at high single digits for the Research business, clearly, the -- I would call the historical PerkinElmer businesses have done better in Q3 than they've done over the last couple of quarters. Again, it's getting a little hard to sort of parcel that out as precisely as we've had historically. But I would say, a couple drivers to that. One is they did have some fairly easy comparisons. They were actually down low single digits in Q3 of '11. I would say, that's one thing. Second is -- I mean whenever you're dealing in sort of the research, particularly with high-end instruments, you're going to have some timing, sort of fall in and out of a quarter. And clearly, we were a little short in Q2. I think we recovered some of that in Q3. And then the other factor is we are seeing a benefit from the PerkinElmer instruments of having the Caliper products sort of in our tool chest, if you will. And as we go out there, we can talk about some of the exciting products for Caliper, as well as some of the exciting for PerkinElmer. I think we are getting some ancillary benefit of a pull-through on the -- on historical PerkinElmer products.
Robert F. Friel: So what we are in the process of doing is taking a lot of -- virtually all of the informatics and Geospiza and merging it with the research. And that's something that we'll -- we're in the process of doing now. So probably going into 2013, we think it makes a lot more sense to have the informatics business more aligned with sort of the Caliper and the research businesses. And so, I think you'll see that coming out into '13.
Robert F. Friel: Well, I think from a revenue perspective, we talked about private emerging markets being around 28%, and given the growth differential we're seeing now, and I think we'd continue for some period of time. In addition to sort of our investment priorities, I could clearly see that gets to mid-30s over the next couple of years. From a manufacturing perspective, we're clearly under-weighted in the Asian region right now, and so that's why we've embarked on this initiative to move a lot more of the production there. And again, not primarily driven by costs, really it's trying to get better alignment between where our manufacturing is and where our customer base is. And so I think we've got a fair amount of opportunity. We've, like I said, embarked on a couple of these now, where we'd like to be fairly better aligned. So we've got 35% of our revenue there. At least 30% our manufacturing is coming out of there, and that's really the intention. So we have a roadmap right now over the next couple of years that will be much better matched between our revenue profile and our manufacturing cost profile.
Robert F. Friel: So our assays are fundamentally around fluorescence or time-resolved fluorescence. It's the technology. We're generally targeted the Tier 2 hospitals. And so that's where we're getting good inroads, because we provide sort of a cost structure base on China but bringing sort of technology and brand associated with a multinational. And so we can price the products a little bit above the locals and under the sort of classical international companies. And that's what's allowing us to take a lot of share.
Robert F. Friel: Well, I think they're rational, but they're tight from the standpoint of a lot of people. If you're talking specifically around the analytical or instrument space, there's more supply than demand. And particularly, as we see the industrial end markets starting to look like slowing, I think that's only going to get worse. So I think it is a difficult pricing environment. But I would say, people are still rational. But it this -- I would say price discounting is accelerating.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. I mean, I think the dynamics in this environment right now is sort of similar as I mentioned on the analytical instruments. It's sort of an aggressive pricing environment. And we're -- we've got a very good position with a lot of our customers. And so I think we feel good about our capabilities there. But I think there is continued pricing competition there, particularly across some of the bigger contracts that are up for bid. Fortunately, because in a lot of cases, we're the incumbent. I think we understand the opportunities there, and I think -- feel we're in a very good position to be able to identify where we can take efficiencies and work within -- partner with our customers to sort of drive those savings where we sort of both benefit.
Robert F. Friel: Yes, I would say that something we've seen for the last couple of quarters. There's the new regulation where they've got to put nutritional labeling on their food now. It's something that's driven our growth probably since Q2 of this year. So I think clearly, we're seeing a benefit in China as a result of those new regulations.
Robert F. Friel: You mean the -- yes, I think we have seen that continue sort of from an industrial perspective. As I said, it was -- we started to see it sort of mid-Q3. And I would say, it continues here in Q4. So our assumption in our guidance is that the industrial markets will be soft, and in fact, will probably be down year-over-year from a revenue perspective.
Robert F. Friel: I wouldn't say we're at the point now we're sort of adjusting our sales force. And again, a lot of our sales force is based on technology to some extent. So we look for other markets to sort of focus some of the products in. But at this point, we're not making changes to our sales force.
Robert F. Friel: We talked about that a little bit earlier, where I would say, clearly, in the environmental area, on the instrument side, we continue to see fairly severe discounting going on relative to the competition. So I think that's an area we see a lot of pricing. Outside of that, I would say, in the Human Health area, where I think the products are much more differentiated, less so.
Robert F. Friel: Well, I would say, if you look at the growth in  China, it was really across the board both instruments and reagents. So we saw it on the instrument side. I would say, when you look in research, it was largely on the instrument side. But clearly, when you go into diagnostics, that's largely a reagent business anyway. And when you go in the environmental side, it was a little bit of both on the service as well as the instrument. So it was fairly broad-based from both instruments and reagents. With regard to your question, if we see it's sustainable, we do. I think we continue to feel very good about our position there, our product offerings and our organization in China. And so we continue to expect that China will continue to provide good growth for us.
Robert F. Friel: Yes, I think it could. I mean, as we put more and more of our profitability outside the U.S., clearly, we have a lower tax rate in Asia than we do in both Europe and the U.S. So I think it does provide some downward pressure on the tax rate. With regard to the medical imaging, we actually saw a nice growth really across all aspects of the business. So radiology, both oncology, and I think any spike-out in particular, while small numbers, our new entry into CMOS with our Dexela acquisition actually saw a very strong growth. And as Andy also mentioned, it gets us to new couple of other end markets that we're quite pleased about. So in the medical imaging area, we actually saw a nice growth across all of our end market applications.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. I would say the other thing is when you look at particularly the research area, you don't see as much disparity on the margins. I think classically, the big disparity we see between reagents and instruments is more on the diagnostic side, where a lot of cases, you're placing the instruments and then getting the reagents. When you look more on the research side, there's -- I mean, clearly, reagents are still more profitable. There's a much closer sort of match there between what the gross margins are. And so consequently, a lot of the instrument growth was driven by the research side. And so therefore, I don't think it was as detrimental on our gross margins as you might think.
Robert F. Friel: Right. Yes, I mean our calculation right now says it's a relatively minor impact for us, again, because a lot of our business is outside the U.S. I mean, I would say it's, right now, sort of less than $5 million is the impact. But we continue to sort of try and understand some of the issues that regulations are still yet to be forthcoming on. All right. So with that, let me wrap it up. First of all, let me thank all for you for your participation and continued interest in PerkinElmer. As we look to close out another strong year, I just feel great about our future because of our ability to grow, and most importantly, our dedication to making a lasting difference in the world. And I think we've got a great organization, and I'm quite excited about the future at PerkinElmer. So thank you, all, for joining us, and have a great evening.
Frank A. Wilson: Two questions. I'll answer the first part. Maybe Rob can answer the second part. This is Andy. In the quarter, we had talked about deploying some investments, and these really center around the movement of some of our manufacturing operations to China and Singapore. And those expenses hit gross margin in the quarter and were predominantly within Environmental Health. In addition, there were also some costs related to our shared service consolidation. We've now or -- now up and running with our shared service center, and so both Environmental and Human Health were impacted by those costs. So the combination of those 2, plus some of the instrument revenue and the mix towards instruments, really contributed to that performance in the quarter.
Frank A. Wilson: Well, I think if you look at our debt to EBITDA, as we exit the third quarter, we're essentially where we were before the Caliper acquisition. So I think we're in a pretty good spot from a leverage perspective. I think we continue to evaluate opportunities more from -- on the M&A side more from a bolt-on perspective. And we also are socializing the opportunity to buy back some shares. We -- as indicated before, we'd like to take out some of the float -- or some of the creep that's come in to the stock. So I think the opportunity to do that is -- has increased, just given our de-leveraging. I think we have been very active on the M&A side. So I think it'll be something probably moving into '13. There could be something small between now and then.
Frank A. Wilson: Yes. I think the only thing I'd add do that, Ross, is our authorization for a buyback expired in October, and it was renewed for another 2 years.
Frank A. Wilson: Yes. I -- when I said we were up and running with our shared service center in Poland, we've established that shared service center. We're making the investments now. Those investments will continue through early part of the second quarter, so we'll start to see some savings from that really in the second half of next year. I think on the facility move, I think you're also looking into '13, probably maybe a little early in the year but a 2013 situation where we'll start to see some of those savings come through the numbers. But there's still some more investments, and I just want to make sure that that's clear, that we will continue to be making some investments probably up through the second quarter of 2013.
Frank A. Wilson: I would say our performance year-to-date is in line what we expected. I think, given the investments we're making with some of these initiatives, some of them requiring capital investments and restructuring investments, it's got to be tough to get to 100%. I mean I think we'll have a very strong performance in the fourth quarter, both in working capital and free cash flow, as we start to normalize some of the working capital because of the manufacturing moves. But -- I mean we are consciously spending on these initiatives. So I would say, this year, it may be a little short of that. But I think our long-term goal is to always be north of 100%.
Frank A. Wilson: No. I think that the -- from a restructuring perspective, there was a fairly small impact. From an overall productivity and growth initiative perspective, that really is being spread over 2 quarters, so we saw about half of that in the third quarter. We'll see the other half in the fourth quarter.
Frank A. Wilson: Yes. I mean if you look at our remarks in expansion of 60 basis points, about 80 of that -- on top of that, we had about 80 basis points of margin contraction due to our investments in the quarter. And that there was also, as I mentioned, in my prepared remarks, a fairly significant comparison on our stock-based compensation due to the change in stock price. So those 2 items were the 2 kind of significant spike-outs that I would mention, and combined, would have said we were up about 150 basis points.
Frank A. Wilson: I didn't give that breakout. I'm mean, overall, instruments were up 10%. And I would say the Human Health instruments were kind of high single and environmental were low single. And most of the growth in Environmental Health instruments were in emerging territories.
Frank A. Wilson: Well, they've been in line with the corporate average. And if anything, they've actually been improving. We obviously have lower gross margins but have a lower cost base as well. So they've been in line. I think, over time, with some of the manufacturing moves and some of the infrastructure moves, I think we will see China margins ahead of company average.
Frank A. Wilson: One thing I -- while we have a brief moment, one thing I'd like to add and just clarify, I know this is going to come out in the -- in print. But the question around instruments, total PKI was up high single digit, environmental Health was up low single, and Human Health was up low double. I just wanted to clarify because I think my comments before didn't make a lot of sense.
Frank A. Wilson: I think we're still trying to finalize those plans. Nothing has been set on stone. So we'll have to get back to you on both dates and content.
Frank A. Wilson: Low single... They were low single digits. I'm sorry, Human Health was low double digits, yes, correct.
Frank A. Wilson: Well, I think we saw a pretty good performance across the board. I don't know if there was anything in particular that spiked out on mix.
