Rob Friel: Thanks, Bryan, and good afternoon, everyone. I'm pleased to report PerkinElmer had a very good start 2019 delivering a strong performance in the first quarter. Revenue for the first quarter was $649 million, representing organic growth of 5%. Adjusted earnings per share was $0.69, representing growth of 10% over Q1 last year and $0.03 better than our guidance. EPS feat was attributable to slightly higher organic revenue growth in the quarter and better operating margin expansion, as adjusted operating margins increased 130 basis points in the quarter. In addition, we continue to execute on plans to invest in high-growth areas, shift the organization to a more unified structure and further improve operating margins. From an end-market perspective, the first quarter played out similar to our expectations, except that we were able to ship about half of the revenue we thought we would miss as a result of the U.S. government shutdown.
Rob Friel: Yeah. So, for us, it was a good quarter in China. I would say the majority of our end markets continue to see good growth. So, if you look particularly in the diagnostic side, EUROIMMUN did well. Our immunodiagnostic business continues to do pretty well. And so I would say, on the diagnostic side we saw a good strength. On the Pharma aside we continue to see good strength. But I would say to the extent, that was somewhat offset by weakness more on the applied markets. And we think some of them are maybe timing related. But as you said, when you exclude the sort of onetime impact of the export-controlled product, we were sort of high-single digits. So we feel pretty good about the China momentum going into the second quarter.
Rob Friel: So, first of all, we did see strong growth or continued strong growth in the Pharma biotech which is sort of high-single digits for us in the first quarter. We think that continues. Some of that was offset from some academic markets that were quite frankly timing related. There were a number of items there, that sort of caused that to be actually negative in the quarter, we don't think that's a market phenomenon. We think that's unique to a couple of things we had. So, if academic goes back to sort of positive, we think that will drive life sciences to sort of mid- to high-single digits. And then as I mentioned before, there was some things in the implied markets outside the U.S. that I think -- when we look at the bookings we're fairly confident that we'll return that business to sort of mid-single digits despite the difficult comp with last year.
Rob Friel: So why don't I take the revenue and then maybe Jamey can talk a little bit about the margin. But, I think actually going into the year we talked about the fact that the back end will be a little better from both a revenue perspective as well as a margin perspective. And a lot of that is because a lot of the growth accelerators that Prahlad mentioned, so whether it's our genetic testing business, whether it's Vanadis, whether it's some of the MPIs that are coming out later in the year will ramp up the revenue growth. And that also impacts our margins to some extent. But I'll let Jamey speak to the margins then.
Rob Friel: Yeah. I would say the pressure we saw in Europe was largely in the applied markets and also academic. And that really put some pressure on our DAS growth rates. The majority of our Diagnostics business continued to do well in Europe. And so for Europe overall we were just slightly negative. And then your question whether we do think that's going to come back somewhat in the remainder of the year, I think we talked in the beginning of the year of targeting Europe at sort of low single-digits. And we still think that's the appropriate number for Europe.
Rob Friel: Yeah. So I would say we're quite excited about this acquisition because we think it's extremely complementary to what we do on drug Discovery. And so I mentioned a little bit in my prepared remarks, but we think with Cisbio combined with our strength in some of the areas particularly around luminescence. And so we do a lot of work around luminescence. They have a very strong fluorescent portfolio of assays. Of course then when you combine that with our automation and detection, we can now go with a fully automated workflow whether it's reagents plates, automation detection information. So all the drug discoveries and I had alluded to before, we're the only company now that can provide all three assay tests for on a homogeneous. So, whether you want to look at luminescence, whether you want to look at fluorescence, or whether you want to look at radiometric. So we think by combining our efforts with Cisbio's capabilities, we can accelerate the growth. And historically they've grown fairly well. So we think this business with PerkinElmer definitely gets into the high-single digits maybe even a little bit better than that. The other aspect I alluded to is I think you know well, we have a very strong imaging portfolio whether it's high content or whether it's in vivo. But generally up to this point we've been principally around in instruments and software and no other firms so sell the cellular imaging reagents that go with our imaging instruments. While with Cisbio's technology and capabilities, we'll be able to expand in the cellular imaging reagents and consumables. And so, therefore, we'll be able to go to our customers with a package with the instruments software and the assays. And I think that further drives incremental growth between the two companies.
Rob Friel: Yes. So why don't I take the China discussion I'll pass it over to Prahlad on the U.S. and I assume you're talking mostly with EUROIMMUN on the U.S. penetration? But as you pointed out, we were fairly early in the China market. SYM-BIO brought us some terrific distribution capabilities and then we've added with high wound blood screening in a number of other areas. So -- and of course EUROIMMUN brings a very strong capability in China. So I think first of all looking at the diagnostic side, we feel very good about our capabilities. We continue to look for opportunities from an inorganic perspective to add to that and we invest a lot of time and effort in that regard. And I guess I would say stay tuned on that one. Where we've been a little bit more active recently is on the DAS side. And as you saw over the last sort of year or two, we've been adding some assets on the analytical instruments side. We're looking very active in the applied markets like for areas like food and other areas that are higher growth areas and I'd say very active there and hopefully we'll have something to talk about maybe later this year. Let me turn it over to Prahlad maybe he can talk a little bit about the EUROIMMUN penetration in the U.S.
Rob Friel: Yes. So you know we talked in the beginning of the year of the opportunity to probably double that business in 2019. And just a reminder, we did about $10 million last year. So we're -- got to go about $20 million and I would say we saw strong growth in the first quarter and we think we're on -- well on track to at least do $20 million in 2019.
Rob Friel: Yes. I would say we probably saw some of that in China. But quite frankly, one of dynamics that are going on in the China market right now as you probably heard from our competitors as well is there is some shifting in testing going from government labs to more private-based labs. And a lot of these private-based labs do more than food. So they will test for environmental and they'll test for food and they may do other types of things. So quite frankly for our first quarter in particular, there may be noise in sort of was it environmental lab or was it a food lab. And so we're still trying to get better color behind that. But clearly, we've seen a little bit of a reduction in food testing as the shift has occurred from public labs to private labs. But we do think it's somewhat temporary and as we think about food for 2019, we expect it will continue to do strong growth in China.
Rob Friel: No, I mean as we think about the first quarter, it came in pretty much as we expected. And so we'd say that we think the year is going to play out pretty much as we expected which will be a little stronger growth in the back half. We talked a little bit about that earlier. So, we think our back half organic growth is probably in the 6.5%, 7% range. And then as we think about operating margin expansion, we also think that's a little heavier in the back half. So, if you think about maybe 100 basis points or so in the first half and then stronger growth in the back half so that we average that 120 to 150 for the year. Again that's very consistent with what we talked about in January.
Rob Friel: So, industrial and environmental, we really don't sort of breakdown. And again part of that is it's becoming increasingly more difficult with our customer base is it really definitively defined what's being done on from an environmental testing perspective on what's been testing for other things. So, we've sort of put those together. But if you look at industrial and food we think that was sort of low to mid-single-digits. And as I mentioned before food was down largely outside the U.S. U.S. is very strong sort of mid-teens. And if you look at it from a geographic perspective applied was sort of mid-singles in Americas up sort of low to mid-single depending on how you consider the government control the product and Europe was down a little bit. So, low single-digits.
Rob Friel: So, I would say generally our M&A strategy is sort of consistent with the overall company strategy which is we're trying to drive from an end market perspective into the more attractive end market for us which we think are life sciences food and diagnostics. So, those are areas that we think are very attractive because of the growth profile and also because we think we have some differentiated capabilities in those markets. We're also looking to continue to expand our capabilities globally. So, we've over the last couple of years been focused largely on emerging market growth. And then I would say the third aspect of it is we want to continue to drive our growth into areas that facilitate a workflow. So, obviously, we sell instruments we want to continue to build out our reagent assay and consumable as well as our informatics. So, that's the fundamental larger strategy that we're focusing on. Cisbio hit most, if not all those, obviously, provide a very strong capability in assays increased our exposure to the pharma and biotech market. And while they weren't significant in emerging markets, we think their capability combined with our distribution capability will be able to expand emerging market presence in the drug discovery space.
Rob Friel: Okay. So EUROIMMUN had another strong quarter in China, and it was up sort of mid-teens something like that. Maybe even a little bit better than that. I don't know Germany offhand. I can tell you sort of Europe was sort of mid-single.
Rob Friel: Well, great. Well, first of all thank you for your questions and your interest in PerkinElmer. So we think we're off to a great start this year to continue to drive our mission and continue to create value for our customers, shareholders, and employees. I look forward to updating you on our progress in the coming quarters. Thanks again for joining the call, and I hope everyone has a great evening.
Prahlad Singh: Thanks, Rob. As I mentioned during last year's - our last quarter's earnings call we are rallying around an end-market approach to create the most advanced solutions for our customers in the key markets we serve. This approach will enable us to drive leadership across our priority end markets whether through the differentiated solutions, we are creating to meet customer needs or strategic partnerships and acquisitions that will deliver incremental value to our customers, while focused on solving the next big thing in science and health care. In that regard, I've had the opportunity of spending a great amount of time, this past quarter meeting with customers, employees and shareholders across all of PerkinElmer and it has further reinforced the need and opportunity for us to move forward on this strategy.
Prahlad Singh: Yes. Steve, this is Prahlad. So the Vanadis installations are going per plan that we have shared earlier. We've had 13 installations by the end of Q1. I personally have visited the first seven customers over the last month and the feedback has been very positive. And generally customers continue to remain excited. We have a pretty strong pipeline. So that's from an installation and a current status perspective. We have submitted publication. So hopefully it's going through the peer review process and that provides data around all the CE-IVD, the clinical arm the CE Mark that was submitted. In the U.S. we've -- as you know we've got the women and infants -- the value study that's ongoing. We've just very initially begun discussions and started exploring as to what our strategies should be around payers. So it's still in its early stages in regards to reimbursement.
Prahlad Singh: Yeah. Thanks, Rob. And Paul I think EUROIMMUN continues to do well in the U.S. As I mentioned they got two approvals on celiac markers this quarter. They continued to grow well, they had a major lab victory, which will not only give them instrument penetration but also continued asset penetration over the years. They grew low double digits in the first quarter and we see very good traction for the rest of the year.
Prahlad Singh: Yeah. Tulip, again as you said it continues to do well, they had double-digit growth and their pipeline is growing both not just in India, but we are also looking at how do we take the product portfolio out into some of the other emerging markets. So great traction there they had a very good 2018 and a very good start to the year.
Prahlad Singh: I think it's a combination of both. If you look at it from the reproductive health perspective, I think despite strained growth rates we have expanded the business and that's happening because we are adding new test menus with lysosomal disorders and NeoBase two approvals that have come through. And similarly, on the applied genomics side and EUROIMMUN, we see good traction for those product portfolio in emerging markets. So I think it's a combination of both.
Prahlad Singh: Yeah. Tycho, this is Prahlad. So the labs that we are focusing on right now, and obviously labs that have larger than, let's say, on average 5,000 tests, and that's where we are seeing a lot of interest coming in from. I think in some of the places or some of the countries where you would have lower volumes. We would probably look at either centralizing it to one lab there that could attract. And there are also facilities where we have our own labs. So that's in Kuala Lumpur or India or in the U.S. where we would look at putting Vanadis.
Prahlad Singh: I think just to give you a sense, I think on -- and this is again just to be specific around the autoimmune screening business. We would say that we are somewhere around 30%. And with some of the new forays that we have made in the lab, we think that by the end of the year we'll get to about 50% autoimmune screening.
Jamey Mock: Thanks Prahlad, and good evening everyone. I want to start with the financial highlights for the first quarter of 2019. Next, I'll provide some additional color on our served end markets and detail on other financial metrics. I'll finish by providing a brief update on how we are thinking about the rest of 2019. Turning to the first quarter results. We continue to be pleased with the strength in our business as organic revenue grew approximately 5%. Reported revenue in the first quarter of $649 million, included a 4% foreign exchange headwind and net acquisition had a negligible impact. As discussed in our previous guidance for the quarter, the temporary U.S. government shutdown created a delay in the approval process for an export-controlled product, which led to a 1% headwind in the quarter. Both segments and geographies grew in line with our initial assumptions heading into the year. Diagnostics representing 40% of total sales grew 9% organically, driven by broad based growth across our reproductive health, applied genomics and immunodiagnostics business lines.
Jamey Mock: Sure. Thanks for the question Steve. So, yes, the $0.03 beat in the first quarter, we think a couple of pennies will come back in the second quarter, that's due to the extra organic revenue growth for the export-controlled products as well as a little bit of margin expansion with a little bit of timing. The offset to the extra penny is a little bit -- actually a little bit extra interest expense in the year, because our pre-cash flow performance in the first quarter was a little less than expected. So I think you might be referring to total -- that the number that I quoted was total interest expense and other and that was $60 million as our guidance for the year.
Jamey Mock: Yeah. That's what I was going to say. So, 130 basis points of margin expansion in the first quarter, the first half of the year Chris is probably 46% to 47% of our revenue. And so we get a lot more volume leverage in the second half of the year. So if we're in the 120 range already in the first half, we feel very confident in the 120 to 150 for the total year. Thank you.
Jamey Mock: Yeah. Gross operating margin, foreign exchange was probably about 20 basis points. And on an operating margin it was about 30 basis points with regards to foreign exchange.
Jamey Mock: Hey, Mitch it's Jamey. Thanks for the question. So yes. I mean, OneSource is going as planned. So we still feel confident in the high single-digits for the year. As we mentioned before, we're looking at some tenders that we think could land in the second half maybe late maybe have an impact to that, but still feel good about it and I think no change in the overall guidance.
Jamey Mock: Yes. That's right. It's a -- we got about half in the first quarter. So going back to Steve's point and some of the questions around DAS mid single-digits in the second quarter we get -- that we expect some of that -- the second portion of that to come in the second quarter, which also helps give confidence to mid single-digits for DAS in the second quarter.
Jamey Mock: No. No. We didn't give the expectations for 2Q. But I think generally speaking probably high single-digits for Diagnostics mid single-digits for DAS is the way to think about 2Q.
Jamey Mock: Yeah. We are, Tycho. And just to maybe explain that change last year. I mean the new revenue guidance enabled us to do some things operationally and commercially that we chose to do that was -- we are able to recognize revenue under 606 and we wouldn't have been able to under 605. But had 606 not coming around we still would have -- we just wouldn't have made those changes, and still had relatively the same amount of revenue growth year-over-year.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, thanks. This is Dan  on for Bill. First on Tulip, it sounds like growth was strong in the quarter. I think you said double digits. Could you just provide an update there? And then any insight on new offerings as well? Thanks.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Savi  on for Derik today. Thank you for the questions. So first question is for the applied market. So I know -- I appreciate the color provided so far, but then some of your competitors caught out some choppiness in the food market, particularly in China. Just wondering if you've seen any of that? If so, when can we expect that to go away? Thanks.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, that's very helpful. Just a follow-up. I apologize if I missed it earlier. Just wanted to get more color on the pacing for the rest of the year. So, anything that we should think about for the rest of the quarters regarding organic growth and margin trends throughout the year just given the more difficult comps? Thank you.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. And could you talk a little bit about Cisbio just in terms of your overall M&A strategy going forward? Do you see other deals of this size kind of in the pipeline? Was this a particularly competitive deal? Is this an area where you think you might continue to focus? Just give us a little bit more color there.
