Prahlad Singh: Sure, Patrick. As we entered September, what we realized is that the pressure on the reagent side was more than we anticipated. And some of it was what we realized is the site consolidations and the closure of some site from big pharma, which obviously impacted the reagents numbers, and we saw that impact. Second one was the CRO side in China, that continue to see more pressure than anticipated as we came closer towards the end of the quarter. Also, if you keep in mind, if our licensing comp revenue shows up in our reagents number. So if you were to – ex-licensing, our revenue for the reagents would have been flat.
Prahlad Singh: I think majority of that, obviously, is on the Life Sciences side of the business, Vijay. Our assumption around instruments is that they would be down double-digits. Our assumption around reagents is that it would be flat versus 3Q. I think, also to keep in mind, on the Diagnostics side, applied genomics is getting impacted, because it’s the overlap of customers that we see on pharma/biotech. Our IDX business in China and everywhere else, while it continues to grow, it’s got a much tougher comp in 4Q versus what we had in 3Q. So it’s probably a combination of all the 3 things that I pointed out, which is what is leading us to what we’ve guided in 4Q.
Prahlad Singh: Sure, Derik. Let me talk about BioLegend. BioLegend did better than our overall reagents business that we talked about and they did quite good. I think, obviously, it also has seen some softening. And primarily, that is what it is seeing, especially as we look at China. We’ve given the CRO business depression in that marketplace. I think on the Horizon side, we get a lot of service business that comes there from pharma/biotech, which has seen softening. So on the Horizon side, on the reagent side, while it’s okay, but the service revenue that comes from Horizon, because of the cell line development work, et cetera, that they do, that has seen softening. So any spending coming out of pharma/biotech has seen softening, which is the general trend that we have observed.
Prahlad Singh: Yeah. Hey, good morning, Eve. I think there are 2 ways to look at it, right? We definitely feel very confident that our portfolio continues to remain differentiated. As we even in this tough market environment, let me point out to a couple of things that we feel are bright spots. Our immunodiagnostics business globally grew in the high teens, especially in China, it has continued to grow in the high teens and will grow 10%. China performance, we had low-double-digits growth there. For the full year, we will expect mid-single-digits growth there. So, I think if you look at China, if you look at our immunodiagnostics business, that continues to be resilient. Our neonatal business despite pressure from both rate continues to do very well. Even on the Life Sciences side, despite the depression that we saw in 3Q, our reagents business will still grow mid-single-digits for the year even when you include the licensing comp headwinds that we have for this year. And going forward also, we expect our reagents business to be resilient and continue to do very well. At the end of the day, what it comes down to is the pressure from pharma/biotech on CapEx spending, which is on the Life Sciences instrument side and also on some on the software renewal side that we had. So that pressure, we expect, as I pointed out, to sort of elongate into the first half of next year. But from a portfolio perspective, we feel very confident that we will be differentiated.
Prahlad Singh: From our business perspective, we have seen no to very minimal impact in our business. If anything, it’s just more delays versus any cancellation. I think in the longer-term, Eve, this will probably benefit multinationals more given the anti-corruption initiative that the government has going on.
Prahlad Singh: Yeah. And, Jack, we’ve talked about this earlier, right? I think our NPIs are differentiated enough. I mean, I think if you just to frame it, roughly high-single to probably 10% of our DX business will see some impact from value-based pricing. And over the years, we’ve continued to see mid-single-digit price rate declines in China on our portfolio. However, we’ve continued to compensate for that with newer NPIs and increased volume that we have seen, and we expect to continue to see that more than offset the price decline and result in double-digits immunodiagnostics growth for our portfolio there into the future. As we assume sort of flat growth for reproductive health and applied genomics in China DX are in mid-single-digits overall for the whole year though. I think the future potential impact from VBP price expanding, we will see it decline each year, given the mid-single-digit gradual price decline that we currently continue to see in China.
Prahlad Singh: Yeah, Matt, I think from my perspective and just looking at the customer buying behavior, it’s not that. As we entered September, we saw more of a pausing or a cancellation rather than saying that this is going to be continuous. I think just given the IRA Act, customers are more than anything just ensuring that they calibrate and get their costs in line now. So I think it’s just more planning and ensuring that their cost structure is ready to address the IRA Act as it comes into play into 2025. So from our perspective, it is transitory and it will be there for a few quarters.
Prahlad Singh: And, again, I’ll just add to this, Josh, because I know, obviously, people are curious on 2024. We really need to take the time to ensure that we understand what customer buying behavior looks like and how it evolves, the macro evolves over the next few months. But I think more importantly, as Max said, we are taking the right measures. We are taking action to protect our top quartile margin profile, despite revenue growth weakness and that includes the cost-cutting measures that we’ve already taken, and we will continue to take to protect and even expand our margins.
Prahlad Singh: Look, I mean, I think on the Life Sciences instruments side, we’ve assumed double-digit decline in the fourth quarter, and we’ve kept our reagents flat versus our third quarter. And essentially, the way I would say it is that we pattern that based on the buying behavior of our customer towards the end of the quarter, which was – as we said, and both Max and I pointed out, it was more of a steeper decline in the second half of the quarter.
Prahlad Singh: Hey, Dan, good morning. Yeah, I mean, again, that has been a bright spot, as you pointed out, and we continue to expect that to do well. Look, as we’ve said about EUROIMMUN and Max pointed out today, you should assume that our EUROIMMUN business is going to continue to grow in the double-digits. And, I mean, there are 2, 3 reasons, our growth drivers that we’ve pointed out, one is obviously the awareness of autoimmune disease and the continued growth of that, especially as we see that in emerging markets, launch of new NPIs, more specifically in the United States, but also in other markets, they have come out with a few new assays and instruments that are starting to see traction and they have a very healthy pipeline, more importantly, as we look going forward, which is what gives us the confidence in the growth of that business.
Prahlad Singh: Yeah, it’s a great question. We continue to keep our M&A pipeline right, and we continue to look for opportunities. Obviously, we are going to be very diligent in terms of the valuation, et cetera. But strategically, the fundamentals of the business that we’ve established are focused on growth, which is differentiated. Obviously, the market has shifted in the short-term, but we are focused on ensuring that, A, we can control what we can right now and also we continue to build for the future. So we will continue to be active. I think the timing is something that is not predictable because, as you know, we are not really always looking for targets which are out in the public environment.
Prahlad Singh: I think the way I would look at it, Catherine, is on the Diagnostics side, obviously, the applied genomics side of the business, where there is overlap with pharma/biotech. I would say that I would call out that, that’s probably a component that we would look at. But outside of that, the immunodiagnostics, the neonatal business that that is not something that we would see any impact on.
Max Krakowiak: Yes. So a couple of points there, Vijay. One, I would say for 2024, right, I think we were saying there’s a wide range of potential outcomes for next year, and we’re going to take the next couple of months to further refine it. In the event that organic growth did look similar to this year, you are correct, we said that there will be nominal margin expansion, right, very low-single-digit growth year-over-year. In terms of your interest in other question, the 40% growth is off a $57 million number this year, which we provided in our prepared remarks. And the reason for the increase year-over-year is because of the lower cash balance we have on average in 2024. As we mentioned, we paid off the $500 million note in Q3 of this year, and we’ve got another $800 million that we have to pay off in September of next year.
Max Krakowiak: Yeah, I think as we mentioned, Derik, right, we are not providing a guidance here for 2024. If we said there’s a potential range of outcomes, I think in the event that organic growth did look similar, we’ve given you enough pieces to go ahead and model down to the EPS. But again, we’re going to take the next couple of months to really refine what the organic growth assumption is, which will have a big impact on what our ultimate EPS is for next year.
Max Krakowiak: Yeah. Hey, Andrew. So the way I would think about the cost of the $80 million number is the reduction that we have in our P&L and financials for this year. As you think about it for next year, we mentioned a little bit in the prepared remarks, we will have some costs that were a tailwind for us this year that are going to come back into our financials for next year, which is kind of getting offset by some of the annualization of the cost actions we have taken this year. And so that is kind of balance each other out. And then, again, as I mentioned in one of the previous Q&A, it’s going to ultimately depend on what our organic growth looks like for next year as well.
Max Krakowiak: Yeah, it’s a great question. And so, I think you’ve heard about us talk about the Diagnostics business being impacted by pharma/biotech and really 2 of our business signs. The first is the applied genomics business, which as a reminder, is roughly $250 million of revenue per year, about 60% of that business goes into the pharma/biotech customer base. And then, you’ve got the second piece is our Revvity Omics business, which is last year that was roughly an $80 million business for us. I would say more than half of that business is related to the pharma/biotech customers as well.
Max Krakowiak: Yeah, sure. Hey, Jack. So actually, for the fourth quarter guidance for our Diagnostics business will be roughly flat for the fourth quarter. And so, when you then look at it versus the third quarter, really the drop versus the mid-single-digits growth in the third quarter was driven by the fact that our applied genomics business, as I previously mentioned, continues to face increased headwinds from the pharma/biotech. That is really the only thing that I would say is changing dramatically from the third quarter to the fourth quarter. The other 2 pieces of it, albeit they’re smaller is: one, we have a heavier CapEx instrumentation comp in our reproductive health business in the fourth quarter; and the second is, immunodiagnostics China does have a tougher comp in the fourth quarter. If you remember, third quarter of last year was down high teens, and the fourth quarter was down mid-single-digits. So I would say, those are the kind of 3 key pieces quarter-over-quarter.
Max Krakowiak: Yeah. Hey, Matt, how’s it going? So as we look at our academic and government customer base, as a reminder, that’s about 25% of our Life Sciences portfolio. And in the quarter, it did grow low-double-digits. The other point I would call out is that instruments makes up about 50% of that, while reagents makes up the other 50%. Our reagents business has continued to kind of grow at a mid-teens level year-to-date in the academic and government portfolio. We expect that to continue really maybe the, I would say, unique dynamic this year is really more around the instrument growth in academic and government. If you remember, they had much easier comps in 2022, they were coming off of. So instruments are posting, I would say, a healthier growth rate than what we would probably suspect long-term. But, again, you’re only talking about half of that portfolio is really instrumentation.
Max Krakowiak: Yeah. Hey, Josh. Look, I appreciate the question. I think as I mentioned before, in 2024, we are not giving guidance on EPS or anything of that nature or getting specific. We’re going to take the next couple of months to really refine our organic growth outlook of what we anticipate for next year. I think we were trying to get ahead in saying in one of the possible scenarios that it did look similar to this year, we wanted to kind of get out front in terms of some of the margin commentary and what that would look like. But, again, we’re going to take the next couple of months to really refine what we expect our organic growth to be for 2024.
Max Krakowiak: Yeah, the one other piece I would add, Josh, is that normally, we do see sort of a sequential dollar step-up in the fourth quarter from our Life Sciences instrumentation. Usually, that’s about a 20% volume step-up quarter-over-quarter, we have taken that now fully out of our guidance for the fourth quarter. I think the last time we spoke on our second quarter earnings call, we had reduced it, but we had not fully eliminated the step-up between the third and the fourth quarter, and now we have fully taken out any sequential step-up on instrumentation.
Max Krakowiak: Yeah. Hey, Dan. Yeah, so I think starting with the free cash flow number, Brennan, we mentioned a little bit in the prepared remarks, if you were to sort of normalize for some of these AES outflows, et cetera, our year-to-date conversion is roughly about 160% on a free cash flow conversion basis. We would expect to finish this year above 100% once you adjust for those items. And, I think we do feel confident that our new portfolio as Revvity will enable us to do better cash flow performance than we have done historically. And so we remain encouraged that we’re going to continue that strong performance into 2024.
Max Krakowiak: Yeah. Hey, Luke. So from an instrument standpoint, that is a year-over-year stat. When you look at it again, quarter-over- quarter, as I think I just mentioned, it’s relatively flat volumes from a sequential standpoint versus the third quarter for the instrumentation. In terms of EUROIMMUN, I think that we don’t necessarily disclose individual business lines, but our overall immunodiagnostics business, as we mentioned, grew in the high teens in the third quarter and EUROIMMUN is the, by far, the largest piece of that business.
Max Krakowiak: Yeah. So, I think it depends on what piece of the portfolio you’re really talking about in terms of the September performance. I would say just though overall for our guidance and the way that we thought about the fourth quarter is contemplating those exit rates we saw in September and October, and that is what we have sort of baked into our guidance here to the fourth.
Max Krakowiak: Yeah. So for China, you’re right, mid-single-digits for the full year. Life Sciences will be roughly low-single-digits growth and Diagnostics will be high-single-digits growth.
Max Krakowiak: Yeah, I think that’s right. We do remain very bullish on our immunodiagnostics franchise, not only in China, but globally. To your point on the comp, that’s correct, those 2 KPIs were the right numbers. The thing I would mention though is we’ve been pretty consistent in saying that we were not expecting a huge jump from pent-up demand, right? There’s still only a certain amount of volume that can go through the hospitals from a testing perspective. And so what we have seen is that the third quarter does return to sort of normalized volumes from our testing business.
Max Krakowiak: Hey, Dan. No, I think it will – similar to the Life Sciences instrument side, we are not expecting much of a volume step-up, if anything maybe in the applied genomics side, there might be a little bit of pressure quarter-over-quarter from a sequential volume standpoint. And so, I do think it will continue to be pressured here in the fourth quarter, maybe even so a little bit more than what we saw in the third quarter.
Max Krakowiak: Yeah. Hey, Catherine. So for the reagent standpoint, the flat is actually the growth performance year-over-year. In terms of a dollar change versus the third quarter, it will be slightly up versus the third quarter.
