Robert F. Friel: Well, just let me start off with sort of the margins overall and then Andy can drill into the specific environmental. But the way I would think about our margins is, it was probably 3 things that drove the reduction year-over-year. One is we talked about investments, and those are both productivity and related to growth, and that's probably about 1/3 of it. I think we did see -- continued to see some pricing and mix pressures, and obviously, that was planned. Probably about 1/3 of that was probably mostly related to the mix and those types of things. And then...
Robert F. Friel: License -- yes, the year-over-year. There was some licensing year-over-year. So about a third on the licensing, about 1/3 on pricing mix and about 1/3 on investments.
Robert F. Friel: So I think we're assuming pretty similar geographic growth than what we've experienced in the first half of the year. I would say the only difference is maybe a little moderation in China. And as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we think there's going to be a little moderation, probably more impact on the eastern side as compared to the western. So we're anticipating a little bit of moderation there. I would say Europe continues to be sort of flat in our view and modest growth in the U. S. So again, in the back half we're assuming similar geographic growth patterns.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. So first of all, in In Vivo, as we mentioned, we saw good recovery in the second quarter. We think a lot of that was just a make up for the first quarter, although I think the team did a terrific job because we continued to see some pressure in the U.S. from sequestration. So the majority of the growth occurred actually in Europe and Asia. But as Andy said, we feel good about the pipeline there. I would say our expectations for In Vivo is probably mid-single-digit growth for the rest of the -- or the back half of the year. I think in the case of Japan, we saw that recover from mid-teens to low single. We think with some of the release of the supplemental budget in Japan, we could probably return that to low- to mid-single growth in the back half. And we're continuing to be fairly conservative in Europe. Although we did see positive growth in Europe in the second quarter, we do have more difficult comparisons going into the third, and so I think we're assuming Europe will be flat to down slightly.
Robert F. Friel: Well, I think we continue to feel good about our ability to improve growth going into '14. And one of the things we wanted to do in Q2 when we took the restructuring actions, was not only to respond to what we saw was more difficult sort of macroeconomic conditions, but more importantly, we wanted to create the flexibility to continue to invest in growth. So I think I feel good about the fact that we -- I think we've given ourselves the ability to continue to fund the growth initiatives. So again, a lot of it will be dependent on macroeconomic conditions. But I do feel good about our ability to get the new products out into the marketplace and hopefully, to achieve increasing organic revenue growth as we get into '14.
Robert F. Friel: So for the second quarter, as I mentioned, we were down low-single. I think as we think about the back half, we could see Japan growing sort of low- to mid-single. So I would say, going from down sort of 3% to probably up in the 4% to 5% in the back half. As you probably know, Japan is about 5% of our revenue. So it gives you a sense of what impact that might have on the back half.
Robert F. Friel: So I would say, if we look at the U.S., first of all, academic continues to be a headwind. And so I think while the uncertainty around sequestration is not what it was in the first quarter, I still -- we continue to see funds moving relatively slowly from a capital acquisition perspective. So I would say academic continues to be relatively slow. We mentioned the fact that service was strong, so we continue to see good growth in the service end markets. Diagnostic, particularly in our newborn screening, continues to grow in the U.S. And we're continuing to see positive birth trends. We continue to see birth trending up in the United States, close to 3%. I would say in the environmental area though, we were down there in the U.S. And I think that's more of a sort of an economic environment, where I still think there's some headwinds from a macroeconomic perspective. So Environmental down a little bit, service up, Diagnostics continuing to see good growth. And I would say, within the LST area, academic headwinds, but we are seeing some improvement in our pharma spending. Pharma for us was up low- to mid-single digits.
Robert F. Friel: Sure. So I think as we've been fairly consistent this year, we really don't expect it to have a material impact in 2013, from a revenue or profitability perspective. But at the same time, as you alluded to, we feel very good about the rapid and successful contracting with the managed-care providers for the verified test. And we think the willingness of these providers to contract the test is really a terrific testament for the quality and importance of the testing. Today, we actually signed another, we signed CIGNA. And we're now up over $130 million contracted lives. Clearly, the most covered of any provider in NIPT. So we continue to be excited about the uptake, the receptivity from the doctors and the progress we're making with managed-care providers. But we also think it's going to be more of a 2014 from the standpoint of a material impact on our financial results.
Robert F. Friel: Well, I would say we can continue to get margin expansion but I think to get to the level of 18% by 2014, we would need to see accelerated revenue growth. And I think we've said for some time that mid-single-digit organic revenue growth is probably what we would need now. We have taken some additional actions in the second quarter. And as I said before, that was largely driven by the fact that it allows us to continue to invest into growth, but clearly, it will -- should provide some incremental margin expansion in '14. But I think to get to the level of 18%, we would need to see an acceleration of organic revenue growth beyond what we're experiencing in '13.
Robert F. Friel: Yes, I think that's fair. I mean, I think when you think about those exchanges really being talked about in the first of the year, I think to a large extent, we factored that in when we thought about our forecasting. And while I don't want to get into the specifics, we feel very good about the pricing we're getting. And clearly, the average rate we're seeing is higher than what we had originally anticipated in our financial models.
Robert F. Friel: Yes, first of all, absolutely. I mean, I think that provides a great opportunity. And again, I talked in my comments about, we're well aligned with what China's trying to do from both a human health and environmental health perspective. So whether it's -- there was also a lot of discussion about soil contamination, in addition to the air and some of the other environmental concerns that they have. So clearly we -- we've -- we are very active in the environment over there in China. We will continue to be -- and in fact, we've targeted specifically air monitoring in China as a significant opportunity for us, probably beginning in '14, but also expanding out over the next couple of years.
Robert F. Friel: So if you look specifically in QT -- in Q2, what we saw was America was down quite significantly, sort of greater than 15%, Asia was relatively flat and Europe was actually up mid-single digits. Now the one thing I would caution you here though, is when we talk about our revenue geographically in Medical Imaging, again, this is probably the only business in PerkinElmer where we're not selling necessarily to end customers because we're providing components here. So in a lot of cases, the geographic information really talks to the system, the ultimate system provider. So it can be a little misleading from a geographic perspective. But anyway, if you look at our revenue, that's how it would break out.
Robert F. Friel: I think going into 2013, there clearly was some inventory in the channel and we're seeing that drawn down. And that's why I think, as Andy talked about, we're expecting some fairly significant growth in Q4. And then I think as we look out into '14, we think Medical Imaging will return to a more high-single-digit growth rate, which we think is probably more representative of the opportunity in those end markets.
Robert F. Friel: So, first of all, I would say in China, I think we've gone probably 10-plus quarters in a row with 20-plus organic growth. And our view is that's probably not sustainable forever so we expect a little moderation of that but still at a very robust rate. So as I mentioned, we were very high teens this quarter. I think as I look out to the back half of the year, it's probably going to be very similar to that. So I would say in the 15% to 20% range, we also have a very significant comp issue in China, specifically in Q3. But generally speaking, I think there's going to be some moderation there, but still very robust growth. I mentioned Japan, I think Japan is going to be sort of mid-single digits as we go back -- go into the second half of the year. And then I -- if I think about the rest of Asia, I think it's going to be in that range. I think it's going to be sort of low- to mid-single digits there. I think that's mostly, for us, being impacted by the industrial end markets.
Robert F. Friel: Yes, I think as we said in the prepared remarks, we continue to see strong growth in the Service business. And again, that was against some -- in the second quarter against some difficult comps. So we're pleased with our progress there. It's an area where I think we continue to invest in. We've got a great organization. We've talked about the fact that adding the informatics capabilities -- because I think for us, it's all about providing your customers with differentiated capabilities. And so I think our success there is a recognition by our customers or in the marketplace that we continue to provide a differentiated offering here that our customers feel valuable.
Robert F. Friel: Well, so -- I don't know if we can get into that level of detail. But I would say that at this point, the informatics offerings are still a relatively small piece. Our expectation is that will be a larger piece, but again it's pretty early days. So I would say that's a relatively small piece of our service revenue right now. But I think it -- the capability is a significant enabler. And I think our customers are recognizing that the potential is fairly significant going forward.
Robert F. Friel: Well, if you're looking outside the U.S., I think it was a couple of things. First of all, clearly, some of the stuff that moved out of the first quarter, we were able to close in the second quarter. So I think that helped a little bit. I think when you look in the U.S., there are still funding issues. And I think sequestration is having an impact. And then I would say, generally, like I said I think the organization has done a terrific job in trying to get a lot of those orders closed in the quarter and not running into the end-of-quarter issues that we had in Q1.
Robert F. Friel: I don't think so. I think we continue to think of Signature as more of a confirmatory test, and the NIPT has continued to be a screen. I do think over time that NGS, or next-gen sequencing, does start to infringe upon the arrays. But I think at this point, again, they are separate enough. And in fact, the 3 pieces of our business, I think, are very complementary because I think of the biochemical screen as sort of low-cost, and then you go into the NIPT and then you go into the arrays as a confirmatory test.
Robert F. Friel: Well, I would say, when you look at China, clearly there's a higher percentage of the environment, the environmental business. So if you look at overall, PerkinElmer, we're 45% Environmental, 55% Human Health. If you look at our Asian businesses, it's probably 60% to 65% Environmental. So I would say that's the first distinction. I would say, the other thing is the Medical Imaging business is a relatively small piece, although growing in the China business. And so the other mix is within the Diagnostic business, much higher percentage of hospitals from infectious disease than we have outside. So it is a little bit of a different mix relative to Environmental and Human, and then even within Human Health, a little bit of different mix from a customer perspective.
Robert F. Friel: We don't. And I think going back to the prior comments, I mean, first of all, on the Human Health side, we think there's going to be continued demand for access to health care. And so we expect, whether it's on the newborn, prenatal or infectious disease, they're going to continue to grow probably north of 20%. And then, of course, we talked a little earlier about the demands on the environmental issues. So whether it's air, soil, water, et cetera. So we think we're going to continue to see strong growth for our products in China.
Robert F. Friel: Well, we, at this point, are still talking to employees but we haven't started shipping it. We'll probably start shipping that towards the end of the third quarter. But the response to this and the receptivity to the product has been terrific. And so while we're starting to take some orders, we don't expect it to have a material impact in Q3, probably start to see some revenue in the fourth quarter. But I think the significant impact, from an orders and revenue perspective, again, will be in 2014.
Robert F. Friel: Yes, I think our approach on the mass spec side is to try and find those market niches where the innovation within this mass spec can really provide our customers with some great performance enhancements. So as you know, the AxION combines the identification and quantification capabilities of a triple quad and a TAF [ph]. And so we think that's fairly unique in a couple of specific applications. And so our go-to-market is, not to sort of try and blanket the mass spec market, but to really focus on those applications and those end markets where the AxION iQT can be really differentiated. And so -- but as you mentioned, we think it's a fairly sizable market but ones where the combination of the identification and the quantification in one instrument can provide real benefits, both from a result perspective and a lower cost. So it's going to be a much more targeted go-to-market against specific applications.
Robert F. Friel: Yes, I think as we talked about ASMS, we think about this as a generation of products. And the first offering had a GC in front of it. I think clearly the opportunity to put an LC is something that we would look to do probably next year.
Robert F. Friel: Yes, I would say, we would think globally flat. And the way I would think about that is outside the U.S., low-single-digits up and in the U.S., we think it's going to continue to be a little bit of a headwind, down a couple of points. Our U.S. business is probably a little bigger. So when you sort of average that together, it's probably -- our assumption is probably flattish.
Robert F. Friel: We were quite pleased by that because, as you know, it has been a drag on our revenue for a long period of time. It's a little early to call it trend, but we are getting a sense here that some of the pharmaceutical companies are returning back to screening, particularly with kinase and GPCRs and -- are looking to do it with the radiochemicals. We'd like to see a couple of quarters of this before we're ready, again, to call this a trend. But we are encouraged by the fact that the business was flat in the second quarter.
Robert F. Friel: In the Chinese diagnostic market, generally speaking, the way we think about our competitive advantage is, to really go after the Tier 2 hospitals. And our approach there is -- and again, these products are both designed and produced in China, so we have a very attractive cost structure. But of course, we have entered a national quality and brand that we can attach that at. So generally, we've been very successful in going after -- and as you know, Tier 2 is the largest piece of the market there. So you've got sort of international branded and produced products going after Tier 3, have the tendency to be higher cost, and then you've got the local producers that are, really, at the Tier 1. And so we're really focused in that Tier 2 area. And again, providing the combination of lower cost with a higher quality and brand and service associated with an international company is basically how we take -- how we win there.
Robert F. Friel: Well, I mean, basically what they are is they're analyzers for infectious disease, and one of them is really targeted at the fully automated, larger-throughput hospital labs. And we've actually had that out in the second quarter, and we're seeing very good receptivity. We actually sold, I think high-single-digit instruments in the second quarter. So good receptivity on that. And then the other one was really targeted more at the -- as I mentioned, the smaller clinical labs. And again, these are products that are produced in China, designed in China, have a very competitive cost structure and have generally seen pretty good receptivity. Could it accelerate our growth? I think, I would say, I would think about it more as it continues to support our ability to grow 20%-plus in that marketplace.
Robert F. Friel: So as we talked about, service grew very nicely in the quarter and instruments was sort of flattish. And while service has very good operating margins on the gross margin side, that usually causes a little bit of a negative mix.
Robert F. Friel: So as Andy alluded to on the receivables side, obviously the linearity for us, and I think a lot of our peers, is challenging in the capital equipment side. I would say the linearity returned to similar trends that we've seen prior to Q1. But I would say, in that regard, though, I think the clarity around sequestration is not what it was in the first quarter. I think increased clarity around Japan and the releasing of the supplemental budget, I think, is sort of helpful. So I think what we've seen is more clarity around the customers' ability to spend money. But having said that, clearly, we continue to have a large portion of our instruments occurring in the last couple weeks of the quarter.
Robert F. Friel: So I would say, first of all, on the environmental side, we actually saw a little growth on the industrial side. And so the weakness was probably more on the environmental side than it was on the industrial side. But historically, our industrial customers -- or in the chemical, petrochemical end markets is increasing some on the energy side. So I would say that's the majority of what we -- or generally, in industrial.
Robert F. Friel: So first of all, it's a relatively small business for us. And it’s a business that has been growing fairly significantly, but of course, off of a very low base. One of the things that we're doing is shifting the emphasis of that business from the research market into more of a diagnostic play, and we've got CLIA certified a couple of months ago. And so with that shift, I would say more recently, we're seeing a little bit of the slowing of growth there, but again, that continues to be a relatively small business for us.
Robert F. Friel: Okay, great. Well, first of all, thank you for your questions. And while we're closely watching the macroeconomic environment, we were encouraged by our second quarter performance. And I feel good about our organization and our ability to deliver our improved second half guidance. I would like to close by reiterating our confidence in our long-term strategic plans and the opportunity to create shareholder value. Thank you for your continued interest in PerkinElmer, and have a great evening.
Frank A. Wilson: Well, I think Q3 is a more difficult comp than Q4. We also talked about the Med Imaging shift on the top line. So I think if you're looking at flat- to low-single digit, you're going to see a little bit of sequential improvement in the fourth quarter. And I think if you look at, from a margin expansion, the rollout of our initiatives and some of the restructuring that we have just completed, you will see margin expansion in both periods, but more weighted towards the fourth quarter.
Frank A. Wilson: Yes, well, we've talked a lot about some of the initiatives that we were putting in place. And we did complete one of those and we're almost complete with the second significant leg of that. The first being, moving some manufacturing to Singapore and China, that is complete. There is primarily a supply chain savings that we have baked into the second half, which I think will help grow our gross margin. The other piece is the consolidation of facilities in North America, and we're closing 3 facilities. We've announced 2 other small facilities that we're also going to incorporate into Hopkinton, and that will be completed here shortly. And so we will see some second half savings there. So I think if you look at our 50 to 75 basis points, the majority of those savings are going to be coming in gross margin. We're also making progress around the back-office consolidation, but that really won't be completed until the end of this year. We are underway and so we'll start to see those savings really hit the OpEx in 2014. So it's -- as you look at the 50 to 75 we forecasted for the second half, most of that is going to be around the gross margin side, and then the second -- as we move into next year, it will be more equally split between gross and operating margin.
Frank A. Wilson: It's a reduction over these initiatives of about 300 people. And if you really look at the dollars, it's about -- with the restructuring we just initiated, it's about $40 million in total. Now again, we've -- we're spending back on about $10 million of that this year on some initiatives, but I think as we look at 2013, we probably have about $10 million worth of upside in the back half. It's offset a little bit by some price and mix in FX.
Frank A. Wilson: Sure. I mean, I think from a payment term perspective, we have seen some of our larger customers continue to put pressure on payment terms. That's a little harder one to turn around in the near term. But I would say, the other piece, which was also a large portion, was around linearity. I think that's a timing issue. And I think that we should see some of those receivable built up at the end of the second quarter. Collected in the third quarter, we continue to try to work on the linearity side of the business as well. But I think, overall, in the second quarter, that really was the impact. I think if you look at it from a year-to-date basis, really, we just had a couple of items, some accrueds, which were -- it's really more of a timing issue. It includes taxes and other things and then some working capital. I mean, had some CapEx, which is really around the consolidation of the business as we've talked about earlier. So I think, overall, our working capital was kind of a neutral to the half, but as you point out, we do have some work to do on the collection side. I think second half, we're anticipating our free cash flow to net income to be a little below 1x, really, more like 90% because we have some additional restructuring. But I think we're starting to make some headway there around working capital.
Frank A. Wilson: Well, I think we certainly have continued to remain active on the diligence side. And I think there's a number of bolt-on acquisitions that we're in the process of reviewing. So I think M&A, more of a tuck-in variety, is still something that we are very interested in. I think, it really depends on how those actions progress through the second half. If we see our ability to bring in more of those coveted acquisitions, we'll probably do that. If not, we'll probably look at share buybacks.
Frank A. Wilson: Yes, the comment really is focused more on our Environmental business and really around and the instrumentations -- in the instrumentation side of the equation. I think if you really look at the quarter, we did see some significant instrument sales in Asia. A lot of those were government tenders, and those tended to be a little bit lower in price. And then there was the mix with service, which also had an impact there because service is a -- typically lower gross margins.
Frank A. Wilson: Yes. I think in my -- it may have been confusing, but in my prepared remarks, industrial was up low-single digit. And it is, at least historically over the last several quarters, been down. So we did see a sequential improvement and year-over-year growth. My comments also said we don't see that as being the type of growth rates we expect in the second half. We still expect second half to be flat to down low-single.
