Prahlad Singh: Again, as Max said in his prepared remarks, China was coming into the quarter slightly worse than what our expectations were. But we've started seeing signs of improvement there, and as we've said, we expect the full normalization to come back into the second half of the year. 
Prahlad Singh: Great question, Catherine. Our Chief Commercial Officer, Miriame Victor, is on the call with us. So I'll let her answer the question. 
Prahlad Singh: Mike, this is Prahlad. Again, as you know, majority of our revenue stream now comes from reagents and consumables, which have a very short shelf life and customers generally don't have a lot of space to keep our products in that sense. So really, there is not a whole lot of inventory building that we have seen. And as I've shared earlier, most of our products, and if you take BioLegend as an example, it's shipped overnight to customers. So there is not really a whole lot of scope to see stocking in the product profile that we have. 
Prahlad Singh: It's a great question, Mike. I think let me just sort of take it a little at the macro level, right? We feel really good about our first quarter performance, which was strong and at the high end of our expectations despite evolving macro conditions and what we talked about China DX. As you pointed out, we have completed 2 successful undertakings, the divestiture and the brand launch. Just to be clear, the divestiture is done. We are closed. There are a few TSAs in place, but that's as part of any norm that would be at such a significant undertaking. And the brand launch is more an excitement. The teams are more energized, inspired and excited by it rather than it being a distraction. So we actually see it more as an accelerator for the company looking forward. And I think to the question that you asked around the inorganic aspect of it, look, we are an acquisitive company, we have been and will continue to be. I think the focus that we have is around developing the relationships, building the right pipeline. So at the right time, we would make the acquisition. So there is no hurry. No rush for us. And when the right opportunity strikes, we will be there to take advantage of them. 
Prahlad Singh: Yes. I mean the birth trends have been not any dissimilar than what we have seen across the globe. And as we've talked about earlier, Jack, I mean I think U.S. is, I would say, flat to slightly negative, and China has been where it is. But that's what is already in our assumptions, so there is no change to that and the growth that we expect is from the geographic expansion and menu expansion with the new NPIs that we have coming out. Vanadis, again continues to do very well, and we see that traction coming through. And that's also the reason that, as we look forward -- the way to measure the success of Vanadis is to look at our reproductive health growth profile over the next few years. And California is a good example of how that has started taking traction, and we see a good momentum coming out of it. 
Prahlad Singh: Yes. Dan, I mean, yes, we did quite a bunch of acquisitions, as you said, on the Life Sciences side of the segment. But again, those were all thought-out and strategic in nature. Despite all of that, as Max has pointed out, only 5% of nearly total company revenue is in pre-pharma/biotech, and that is inclusive of all the acquisitions. So if you look at our total Life Sciences business, including the acquisitions that have been made, only 10% of the revenue comes from pre-pharma and biotech in the Life Sciences. So we are very well protected from that perspective. And even from SIRION, if you take the example of SIRION, most of those are licensing opportunities, it's a licensing model, and the companies that they go for, there is a milestone payment based revenue model, and they have been doing well. So we feel -- again, as Max said, we feel really confident. And just taking the example of BioLegend and the Life Sciences reagent business, for us, overall, it continues to do well. 
Prahlad Singh: On the Life Sciences side, absolutely, Dan. I would say on the Diagnostics side, there was the Oxford acquisition that we've talked about that is taking a long time to come back. And especially as you look 	at latent TB testing in China and now that it has started picking up in Japan, that's the one -- as we've talked about earlier, that's the one that did not go to expectations at the beginning. And now we hope that as the market opens up in China and as latent TB testing gets going there and in Japan, we will start that turnaround to be seen. So yes, on the Life Sciences side, I would agree. On the Diagnostics side, no, we didn't have all of them go exactly as planned. 
Prahlad Singh: Yes. I mean, Josh, as we've said earlier, right, the team is the same, right? On the commercial side was the first one as we went in 2 markets and areas where the acquisitions did not have a lot of direct presence, we've been able to leverage our foot -- feet on the ground. And on the technology side is where we've seen the biggest uplift, right? The launch of Celleca from the Nexcelom and the Revvity and BioLegend team was one example that came out. And hopefully, there will be a few more other examples coming out. And then the insourcing of oligos antibodies from Horizon and from BioLegend by the teams on both the Diagnostics and Life Sciences side of the business are, as I've said earlier, better than the expectation that we have from a synergy perspective. 
Prahlad Singh: And if I could just add to that -- Luke, by the way, thanks for the comment on the brand look. We're really happy and proud with it. As Max mentioned, if you look at our reagents business, it grew double digits in the first quarter, and BioLegend is nearly 50% of that revenue. So that should be a good indicator for you as to how the business is doing. It's doing very well. 
Prahlad Singh: No it's just for acute diagnostic testing to come back to normal. It's very similar to what is with the Diagnostics business look, acute diagnostic testing needs to come back. And latent TB testing is categorized as acute -- non-acute. I'm sorry. I'm saying acute, but non-acute diagnostic testing. 
Prahlad Singh: Yes. Matt, Miriame is on the call, as you know, as I've said, the transition has gone really well. I will take -- I will say that on her behalf that the team took its own time to ensure that we have the right planning in place. Because we were actually -- as we were continuing with the divestment process, that was an integral part. We were going from an instrument-heavy focused business to a more reagent-based model. And right now, to give you an example, it's now much more akin to what the reproductive health business does for -- as an example.  So really now with the integration of the commercial forces in the 3 regions, there is 80% of our revenue plus is coming from the reagent side. The biggest driver for us is as we are going to continue to make the investment into the digital side, e-commerce is going to be a big driver for us. And that's why, if you recall, we've talked about the capital investment around e-commerce because that's going to be a key driver as we can use these opportunities around the synergies for the reagent side of the business or for the overall consumer side. 
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. That's correct, Jason. So the first quarter did play out similar to the fourth quarter of last year. And I think as we look out for the rest of the year, we're probably anticipating that to be in sort of the low single digits. Obviously, we're sort of -- there is a little bit of instrumentation challenges and headwinds that we had coming into this year, and that is playing out as expected. 
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. So from a pharma/biotech perspective, I'd say maybe a couple of dynamics to call out. So I'd say first is that from an instrumentation standpoint, we actually exceeded expectations here in the first quarter, growing in the low double digits. Now I do expect that those spending levels, we're expecting to be a little bit more cautionary in the second quarter, and that is factored into our current guidance. And then if you look at the reagents business, the reagents continue to perform very well in the first quarter, and we expect that to continue for the rest of the year. So it did low double digits here in the first quarter, and we're pleased by the performance of that group.  To your second question on sort of the pre-revenue customers, if you remember, that's only about 10% of our overall Life Sciences revenue. And so for us, it is a relatively smaller piece of the pie. We do think that, that faced some headwinds here in the first quarter. It was down about mid-teens. We expect that to probably continue here at least for the next couple of quarters. But then overall, if you look at our large pharma, that group continued to perform well. And we expect that trend, specifically on the reagent side to continue throughout the rest of the year. 
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. Sure, Jeff. So from an immunodiagnostics standpoint, maybe the best place to start is just the overall business. So you're correct, first quarter was about mid-single digits. As we look out to the rest of the year, we expect to be in the low double digits to sort of low teens from an organic growth rate perspective. . To maybe zoom in on that, right, talk specifically about immunodiagnostics within China, so as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we do expect the second quarter to be a sequential increase in terms of volume dollars versus the first quarter. But it is still not, I would say, at a normalized volume in terms of testing. That we do not expect to happen until the second half, which was our original assumption coming into the year, and we are still confident that we are seeing that sort of volumes and expectations for the second half. 
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. So to further elaborate on that point, right, so I think coming into this year, we said that we were going to do 9% for the full year. We've obviously expanded that range now to account for some of the different end market trends that we are seeing. But if you look at it, nothing has really changed about our second half assumptions versus the initial point in the year. What we basically now factor into the guidance is a little bit more cautionary spending levels here in the second quarter.  And when you look to the ramp of the second half, it's going to come in, one, immunodiagnostics China, as you mentioned. The second area is that we are expecting our informatics business to do better in the second half because it has easier comps. And then the third dynamic is that we are expecting for our U.S. genomics labs business. The second quarter will also be the lowest point of the year, and we are excited about the pipeline that we have there in the second half and are confident in our ability to execute against it. 
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. So maybe to address the first question on share repurchases for the remainder of the year. Right now, our guidance assumes no further repurchases. Obviously, we have authorization from the Board that we've received to up to $600 million. Right now, that is more of an optionality for us, and we'll continue to evaluate all of our capital deployment opportunities. But right now, in our guidance, we are assuming no further share repurchases. To your question on the tax rate planning, as we mentioned in my prepared remarks, those are probably, I would say, not delayed. It's just taking a little bit longer to get done. We still expect our midterm sort of tax rate to be in the high teens rate, and we are confident in our ability to get there. 
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. I mean, look, it's been a fun, I would say, first 9 or 10 months here on the job. There's definitely a lot of moving pieces. But I'd say we're extremely confident in the position that we are in today. Obviously, the first step was to get the divestiture done and get the new company brand launch done on time and executed well, and I think we've done that.  Now in terms of the trail on activities, obviously, there is some still work to do. But if you remember back to some of our previous conversations, there isn't a lot of, I would say, heavy entanglement or trailing activities that we need to get done. It was a relatively clean split at the time of the divestiture. Obviously, there's some cost reduction actions that we are taking. But I wouldn't say it's something that's requiring an extreme amount of effort and energy from this team at this point in time. We're now focused on the new company and where we need to go going forward. 
Maxwell Krakowiak: So okay, so maybe to again further elaborate, I think you called out the key pieces there. So there's basically two reasons why we are being more prudent in expanding the range of outcomes, and it does come down to really the second quarter. Again, our second half expectations have not really changed. So for the second quarter, I'd say there's a couple of drivers. One is that, although the immunodiagnostics business in China is improving sequentially versus the first quarter, it is a little bit lighter than what we had initially anticipated coming into the year. The second is that we are seeing more cautionary spending levels, particularly on our instrumentation business in the pharma/biotech space. And the third, as I had previously mentioned, is that the second quarter will be the trough for both our informatics and U.S. genomic lab business.  But for both of those businesses, on informatics and the U.S. genomic labs, if you look at it on a 3-year sort of average growth basis, both of them are in the mid-teens. We're excited about the pipeline that we have for those businesses in the second half, and we're confident in our ability to execute against it. 
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. So I think as we've previously mentioned, we're not going to specifically talk about individual business growth rates, but BioLegend is a major part of our overall reagents business, which continued to grow in the low double digits during the first quarter, and we expect that trend to continue for the rest of the year. 
Maxwell Krakowiak: Matt, so from an academic and government perspective, I think it's a 10% of -- high single digits, 10% of the overall company revenue. And so from that perspective, a big component of it is the reagents business, with BioLegend being a major part of that. And so as we continue to see strength in our reagents business, a big proponent of that is through the academic and government end markets. 
Maxwell Krakowiak: Dan, yes, your math is correct. The initial assumption coming into the year was low double digits for the immunodiagnostics business in China, and now we are expecting high single digits. And the reason for that drop is just a slower first half ramp recovery. Again, we are seeing positive signs from a volume perspective, and it's going to step up here in 2Q, and we still expect to return to normal for the second half. 
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. So Dan, to your point, we did not. Given it to a small part of our overall business, we didn't have a specific number in mind. I think the down mid-teens was a little bit larger than what I think we would have been expecting. And so that is now factored into what we're considering more of a cautionary spending level for the rest of the year. 
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. Look, Dan, to that point, I think what we wanted to do coming into the guidance was to give a realistic range given the macro environment. And we still have a path to what we think we can achieve to our original guidance of the 9% and the $5.05. And yes, there is the case that as the macro environment continues to trend downward, we must see a little bit softer results. But I think overall, we are confident in the position that we are sitting in today and confident in our team's ability to execute against our pipeline. 
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. So Rachel, I don't think we're going to discuss by-month trends for such a small portion of our overall business. And then I think as we started looking here in Q2, again, I think it's factored into our guidance that we're being cautious based on the trends of what we saw in the first quarter. 
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. So from an overall margin perspective, to your point, we are holding the 30% for the year. We're obviously going to manage our costs appropriately based on what we do from a revenue perspective. We're also going to protect our long-term investments. And I think it just goes through our ability to execute that we're able to hold the 30% for the year despite the new range from an organic growth standpoint. To your question on sub-business unit profitability, we're not going to get into those specifics. I would say, overall, we are a high reoccurring mix business and the reagents are a higher-margin product for us. And so as those volumes wane, yes, there is, I would say, either decremental or incremental margins that are above the company average, but we are managing those appropriately. 
Maxwell Krakowiak: So from a free cash flow perspective, I would say we're actually off to a strong start for the year. And so if you look at our first quarter performance, our adjusted free cash flow was about $50 million. That did include about $80 million of AES and pension-related cash outflows. So if you sort of normalize for those, our free cash flow conversion in the first quarter would have been greater than 100%. And so we are pleased by that execution. I think as we look for the full year, we do expect the business on a normalized basis to be above 85%, and we expect that we're now, I would say, on track to do so. So we're encouraged by the cash flow performance here in the first quarter. And in terms of your question on leverage, I think that we expect to be probably sub-2 as we exit the year here. And so that's where our current model is. 
