Ed Lockwood: Thank you, Candice. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our conference call. Joining me on our call today are Rick Wallace, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Bren Higgins, our Chief Financial Officer. We’re here to discuss second quarter results for the period ended December 31, 2014. We released these results this afternoon at 1:15 PM Pacific Time. If you haven’t seen the release, you can find it on our Web site at www.kla-tencor.com or call 408- 875-3000 to request a copy. A simulcast of this call will be accessible on demand following its completion on the Investor Relations section of our Web site. This quarter we prepared a brief slide presentation to supplement this earnings call, which includes the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation of the EPS guidance and other supplemental financial information. These slides can be found on KLA-Tencor’s Investor Relations Web site. There, you’ll also find a calendar of future investor events, presentations and conferences, as well as links to KLA-Tencor’s SEC filings, including our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2014, and our subsequently filed 10-Q reports. In those filings, you’ll find descriptions of risk factors that could impact our future results. As you know, our future results are subject to risks. Any forward-looking statements, including those we make on this call today are subject to those risks, and KLA-Tencor cannot guarantee those forward-looking statements will come true. Our actual results may differ significantly from those projected in our forward-looking statements. More information regarding factors that could cause those differences is contained in the filings we make with the SEC from time-to-time, including our fiscal year 2014 Form 10-K and our subsequently filed quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. We assume no obligation and do not intend to update those forward-looking statements. However, any updates we do provide will be broadly disseminated and available over the Web. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Rick.
Ed Lockwood: Okay, thank you, Bren. At this point, we’d like to open the call to questions. We once again request that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up given the limited time we have for today’s call. Please feel free to re-queue for you follow-up questions and we’ll do our best to give everyone a chance for further questions as time permits. Candice.
Ed Lockwood: Thank you, Candice. That concludes our call for today. Thank you all for joining and we look forward to seeing you later on in this quarter.
Bren Higgins: So Tim, it’s a good question. So when we looked at it, we saw a similar profile to the second half of calendar '14 with the weaker first quarter with some bounce back into the June quarter. So it looks -- as we size the six month period, it looks pretty similar to us. And as I said in the prepared remarks, I think that the 12 week widow dynamic is becoming a more challenging dynamic for us to forecast with the customer concentration we have and size of orders and so on. So as we look at the six month window, it looks like it’s roughly the same size.
Bren Higgins: Well, the mix factors are -- for the same reasons we talked about with the shipment plans, as you ship tools to customers and you’re shipping more to individual customers, you’re revenuing tools faster. So in some ways, your margin is impacted by the mix of products your shipping to a greater degree than what we’ve seen in the past. Clearly margins were extremely strong in Q2 for the reasons we talked about and there is some correction of that in the March quarter. I think if you’re modeling out our business at this $3 billion run rate, I expect to see gross margins somewhere between 57% and 58%. There are obviously the mixed dynamics that will play out in any given quarter, but that’s how we’re modeling it today.
Bren Higgins: So our commentary on the first half was bookings related, not revenue. So I expect the revenue to be higher than bookings. I won't guide June obviously but I don't we will see sequential growth into the June quarter. So I don't have the math in front of me on EBITDA, but as I've looked at it relative to the covenants I have with bank debt is that we feel pretty comfortable with the level we have relative to what our expectations are for the business going forward. So I don't have any concerns based on what we see today. Obviously with the backlog position we have and our expectations for shipments into this quarter, June should set us for a sequential increase and improving operating profitability. 
Bren Higgins: I also think if you think about consolidation, one way I would think about it is, I look at consolidation of our customer's customer in terms of their influence on the spend. So especially in the foundry space, their actions actually are often not really clear until very late to our foundry customers and that’s part of the dynamic of the movement. That’s why we don’t get more visibility I think from our foundry customers.
Bren Higgins: So the day sales outstanding was, on revenue about 85 days. So significant uptick there. And that was really a function of the monthly shipment linearity. We shipped a number of tools in December and in the last part of December or so. The cash collection will happen in the first quarter on those shipments and so I’m expecting reversion back to normal 70ish or so DSO levels, plus or minus a few days, and it will drive operating cash flow probably up in the $250 million to $300 million range as we move into March, based on what we’re expecting to ship today and the timing of those shipments so.
Bren Higgins: So maybe I’ll go ahead and start. So we try to provide a little bit more color in broader windows, six month window about we’re seeing in the business over the last few quarters. And I think that’s important. We’ve also tried to give you some insight into where we are, based on where the industry is projecting to be where, we think we’ll end up relative to that. So for example, when we talk about calendar ’15, I think in Rick’s prepared remarks we thought given the dynamics of the mix of business across foundry and logic versus memory, that we would expect if the industry was up 5% to 10%, we ought to perform somewhere in line with market. We think that obviously the process control intensities of the two segments or three segments are different, with memory as a higher percentage. That does impact our ability to outperform the industry. So as we look at it this year with roughly the same mix of business, we see a market perform year and I think that translates from a 12 month perspective into a $3 billion to $3.1 billion type performance level at the $33 billion and $34 billion WFE level, which is that plus 5 to plus 10 range. So we’re trying to do it, all but at the same time, we feel like we don’t to be less transparent in the process. We think the quarterly bookings are less relevant to our business today, given concentration and given that the industry is not as difficult as it was in the past. But it is something that we’ve always provided and we’ll continue to provide it. We've put a broader range on it and we’ll do the best we can and then try to bridge it back to what happened versus what we thought would happen.
Bren Higgins: Well, as I said earlier, I think it’s a mix group and it comes from a number of regions and in a number of nodes. So I think given lead time, I think certainly customers tend to get into the queue with litho sooner. I don’t know exactly what ASML set or they positioned it. But as we look at it today, and into Rick’s point earlier there is some fluidity to these orders, certainly at 28 nanometer and so they’re moving around a little bit and so the timing is uncertain. And we're set to see how it plays out.
Bren Higgins: So I'll back up and our process is that as we evaluate the Company’s strategic plan and we look at not only our cash reserves but the debt capacity that we have, we go through that process and we think about the alternatives of how we invest operationally, M&A considerations or shareholders return consideration. So that’s a regular process for us. Clearly the shareholder return options are viable options, and I think in terms of value creation, the other options are juxtaposed against that. So clearly we have a long-term target, and in terms of leverage levels we think that makes sense, and as we de-lever the debt and we see the growth in EBITDA and our business we’ll -- to the extent that that affords a position for us to run through that process and consider it again, it’s a possibility but we'll run through the process and make the right call, based on what we think is in the best interest of the shareholders long term.
Rick Wallace: And I think the other thing to keep in mind is the growth of our -- Tim, I think one other thing to keep in mind is the growth of our service business, while accretive at the operating margin level is dilutive to our gross margins. The way we do our accounting, there is no operating expenses there. So we believe it’s -- there is an impact, dilutive impact to gross margins from that dynamic in services in the low 20 percentile of our revenue mix.
Rick Wallace: Well, we came in obviously stronger versus the midpoint in Q2. So certainly that impacted our views on Q3 with some pull ins in the Q2. But in terms of Q3 versus what we thought, it’s really a mixed bag across foundry and logics. So its leading edge, but also some of the trailing edge business that we’ve been forecasting for some time and has been a bit allusive and I think that’s dependent ultimately on some competitive dynamics in terms of second source strategies and so on. So I would say it’s across the Board in terms of what we saw in Q3, and as I said earlier some of it we think comes back in Q4. 
Rick Wallace: Yes, so we're not guiding the June quarter but for March. March looks to be pretty foundry centric, so 70% foundry. And memory is 19%, logic 11%. And NAND as a percent of the total memory mix is up 31%. 
Rick Wallace: So, Krish I think that's right. If you look at the last couple of years, we have had sustained investment in a number of key platforms in the program. Obviously we're investing in 450, investing at a slight level but investing EUV in addition to some growth opportunities like our 5D solution. Customer support, another area. And so we've invested according to the road map. We think we're in a position now relative to our road maps and our competitive position that we think that there are opportunities for us to start to scale this down somewhat. And so saw that momentum play out in the December quarter. We think it continues in March and progresses through the year. So we're also doing some things underneath the surface in terms of how we think about our sustaining engineering, how do we use offshore engineering resources more efficiently and so on, that we think we can drive the operating run rate down to the 220 range as we move through the calendar year. 
Rick Wallace: Well I think it's really our customers. Given the lead times that they have in the markets that they are supporting, I think their lead times have come in and I think we've seen that same pressure pushed back on us. So we have -- we had to change our business somewhat in terms of our ability to be flexible and respond. But in a lot of these cases, we will have these conversations where we'll ask for more lead time and our customers will push back, given the dynamics that they are facing.  So there is less predictability. We've seen it for a while and I think it just changed versus where we were in the past. I think it's more the end markets and I think the concentration we have, very sizable orders, sizable shipments that are going to ship out, and as the customer changes the plan, that has a dramatic impact obviously on a given quarter's shipment. So our shipments tend to be pretty close to the ranges that we're guiding, but it's more of a challenge today and certainly impacts not just the overall shipment level, which has an impact on revenue but also the gross margin, given the mix of products that you're shipping. 
Rick Wallace: Yes, I’ll take the service side. I do think we’ll continue to see growth out of service. One of the things service is benefiting from on the, one way I think about it, the Internet of Things isn’t really driving a lot of front end WFE spend, but it is driving the longevity of a lot of these fabs which is good for our service business. And so I think part of what’s happening is that some of these fabs run longer and get more devices, we're the extension of the life of the tools that are being serviced and that’s part of the underlying driver for our service business, which is great, and I'll let Bren handle the accounting part.
Rick Wallace: Well, if you look back, even some of the stuff that we pushed out, even within December and we were having very high level of conversations with customers that felt like they had pretty strong commitments from their customers to move forward and they were in process of allocating space and slots to support their ramp, and then very late in the day that got pushed and so some of those things even pushed outside of the March -- and into the second half. So when we look at the overall dynamics you say that we’re in great shape share wise. The adoption seems to be working. What happens is these guys slide as the dynamics behind them are moving. And we see that both as Bren mentioned to the prior question, both at the leading edge and as we’re seeing some of that in logic, but also some of the not leading edge, in the foundry space we’re seeing movement. So just go back to what are your assumptions about WFE for the year and what do you really think of foundry spend, and our view is, if in fact the WFE numbers work out, then we’ll see them in the second half; but until -- as you know, until the orders are placed, it’s very hard to know if they will. But if you go back to -- our underwriting assumption is WFE up 5% to 10% this year and the mix largely intact with what it was last year, we feel pretty good about how the year is going to play out. It’s just the uncertainty has increased the volatility due to concentration.
Rick Wallace: So, we just borrowed the money. So we're not planning to refinance. We're pretty happy with the structure of the debt that I laid out in the prepared remarks. Our goal -- our long term target is 2 to 2.5 times. We think that makes sense for a business with our characteristics. We went above that in this case as I talked about in the last call, given the attractive lending environment, but also what we expect to be a healthy CapEx environment over the next couple of years. We structured the debt in a way that we can pay it down and we’ll pay it down with -- the term loan piece, which is pre-payable with a lot of flexibility and how we do that. And so we’ll do that over the next couple of years, working down to our long term target. So that’s how we’re thinking about it.
Rick Wallace: So, I think you’ll see multiple players. I think that’s still our expectation, but to the point earlier, we’re seeing a much more measured ramp up capacity for FinFET. I think the leader is comfortable with their position and the other players are working quickly to try to catch up, and I think the competitive dynamics on that front will ultimately drive how much capacity gets added over the course of the year. We think that is what’s driving some of it into the second half, but ultimately I think you end up with multiple players with the capability.
Rick Wallace: Well we said orders. The order mix as a percent of the total, we expect it to be roughly similar, in the low 30 percentile. That was memory in calendar ‘15 versus calendar ‘14. There could be some timing issues, but generally that should translate mostly to shipments in a similar mix, but obviously the timing issues and the lead time can have an effect on that. For us from a pricing perspective, product mix perspective and so on, there’s not a lot of difference in terms of what we ship in memory and foundry. So it doesn’t really have an impact necessarily on the revenue levels or the margin profile of the various segments. So it’s all pretty consistent across the segments for us.
Rick Wallace: Well, we had a nice bounce back in foundry from Taiwan specifically in the December quarter. So that was encouraging to see, but foundry was weaker than we expected going into the quarter. Most of the strength came from a much stronger memory and mix of business than we were remodeling. As we look at the next quarter or so, a couple of quarters, as we said earlier, it’s a mixed bag. Its 20-nanometer and below. It’s also some 28-nanometer business. And obviously there’s also some 10-nanometer early activity that’s part of that as well. So it’s a collection of customers, and not huge amounts of dollars, but in the aggregate obviously had an impact on what we were planning for in the first half of the year.
Rick Wallace: Pretty much tracking the way we laid it out at SEMICON, in terms of memory. The one caveat I would say, for DRAM it is and back to the mix, it looks like historical mix. You do get overlay. To your point you get some strength there. But you also have advanced defect [ph] inspection to find some of these smaller nodes as you’re pushing DRAM technology. So DRAM looks very much like we said. And as we said then, and even said in the last call, it’s too early to tell on 3D Flash because there just hasn’t been enough of it and its still early days on that. So whether or not that plays out to be at the intensity that we laid out, time will tell. And given the latest -- the view that there is going to be more push out of 3D from what was expected even at SEMICON, I think that it will be the best of the calendar year for we'll really have validated that model. But I think for DRAM it has been tracking the way we assumed in this -- the historical mix looks pretty similar between metrology and inspection.
Rick Wallace: Yes. I think that the challenges associated with the yield right now, we’re seeing sub-20 are not necessarily things that inspection and measurement can address. I think it’s more a function of some of the just process integration. And while we could be helpful in diagnosing that, that’s very different than addressing the manufacturing RAM. So we’re still early days on that. Will we see it again? We’re too early to say whether that will be validated in the rollout, because people aren’t really far enough along in that development to know. But our expectations are that the signs are good. There are also some questions about utilization of existing facilities. For example will customers roll what is 20-nanometer capability to 16 and then what happens to the intensity in that scenario? And again, it’s too early to know that.
Rick Wallace: And Mehdi, to your point, I know you’ve made this point before. I don’t disagree with the thought process in terms of the lumpiness and how much help is it really. But on the other hand, as Bren said, we’re reluctant to remove something, given the general view of the desire to have transparency. But it is something we debate from time to time. I could tell you it’s not exactly how we run the business. When we go back and think about how do we run the business, how do we size the business and how do we make investments, it’s not based on the quarterly numbers. It’s based on what we view as trends, and even then, it's not even annualized. It's on a longer term basis than that. But your point is once again made.
Rick Wallace: Well, I think that the way it stands today, that any production done with EUV before 2020 is going to be done without at [indiscernible] wafer, a reticle inspection. We are now too late to make any insertion point. And that’s based on the fact that there is still a lot of debate by our customers about the relative tradeoff between the cost of us developing that technology and their confidence its need in production. So I'm not saying EUV won’t go into production before 2020, because we don’t know that. But I can tell you it won’t go in production before 2020 with [indiscernible] reticle inspection. So either it won’t go in production or they'll have to figure out how to deal without it.
Rick Wallace: I think it's a similar dynamic. It’s just not happening so much with the leading edge foundries. I think there is significant competition for 28-nanometer foundry capacity, and we are seeing movement among those players as they try to win that business. So similar thing but just not with these exact same players.
Rick Wallace: It’s a great question, Weston. I think that the -- we don’t know the answer yet. I think that it’s not as much about multi-patterning per se as it is sub 20-nanometer technology. So the multi-patterning above 20 I think is pretty well positioned. The question will be sub-20, are there new kind of inspection modes that require new algorithms new developments as people try to figure out exactly how to tune those reticles to support sub-20. And there are some indications that will create some boost in demand. But again, it’s relatively early in that and we don’t really see it. So what mostly is happening now, we did have some good reticle business last quarter, but mostly what happening is in the fab and those tools are not fully -- those are not as complete tools. So you have a tool that’s targeted at fab line that’s a different kind of tool than what we sell in our shop. But we’ll wait and see on that. I think that there is a good possibility that we’ll see some increase in demand. I wouldn’t forecast that in the very near term, no. I think that’s a longer term thing.
Rick Wallace: Yes, I think memory is setting up to have a good year again in 2015. We have seen strength in our memory business as we commented on the call. The December quarter was our best memory quarter and we see that continuing, and it is mostly in DRAM and we think for the year it looks that way with the 3D NAND being later in the year. So I think it’s true and I think our adoption has improved, but again it’s at the lower level that foundry. So from our standpoint, a mix shift toward memory doesn’t increase our available market.
Rick Wallace: So we just -- I think some of the 20-nanometer conversion will be largely determined by what happens with the end markets and whether -- the major customer there, as they migrate away from 20 does that capacity get consumed by other fabless customers. So I think that's the wildcard. I think that the 14, 16 capacity is really just starting to get at it. And so we'll see that capacity get at it over the next few quarters or so through this calendar year, with FinFET designs coming out of the foundries probably sometime in the fourth quarter of the calendar year. At least that's our best estimate at this point. 
Rick Wallace: It varies by customer across products, but I think we're -- generally if you look at our backlog with most customers we're usually -- it's about four months from the time that we get orders to the time we ship the tool. So it varies, but I think that's a reasonable way to think about it.
Rick Wallace: Well it stays where it was. So as opposed to shifting. What happened in '14 versus '13 is it increased for memory, and that drove down available market for process control, right.
Rick Wallace: If '15 ends up looking like '14, then that's your compare. And of course we hope to outgrow it, but when we're looking across the board. Now if memory is actually a larger percent, if that makes increases, then we'll be up against that headwind and we'll have to grow either through market share or driving additional adoption.
Rick Wallace: Well I think overall we can do the whole year and we look out and that goes back to WFE for the year. And as things slash around, and they are -- to Bren's point it can impact it, because late enough in the year our ability that revenue -- because of the shipments and revenue. But the dynamic right now is shaping up. We still think the year looks consistent with a up 5 to 10, but with some moving parts and we're not certain how they're going to play out. But we don't give guidance beyond the next quarter other than commentary on our perspective on the year. 
