Ed Lockwood: Thank you, Christine. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our conference call. Joining me on our call today are Rick Wallace, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Bren Higgins, our Chief Financial Officer. We're here to discuss first quarter results for the period ended September 30, 2016. We released these results this afternoon at 1:15 PM Pacific Time. If you haven't seen the release, you can find it on our website or call 408-875-3000 to request a copy. A simulcast of this call will be accessible on-demand following its completion on the Investor Relations section of our website. Today's discussion of our financial results will be presented in non-GAAP financial basis unless otherwise specified. A detailed reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results can be found in today's earnings press release. These slides can be found on KLA-Tencor's Investor Relations website. There you will also find a calendar of future investor events, presentations and conferences, as well as links to KLA-Tencor's SEC filings, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2016. In those filings you'll find descriptions of risk factors that could impact our future results. As you know, our future results are subject to risks; any forward-looking statements, including those we make on this call today are subject to those risks, and KLA-Tencor cannot guarantee those forward-looking statements will come true. Our actual results may differ significantly from those projected in our forward-looking statements. With that, I'll turn the call over to Rick.
Ed Lockwood: Okay, thank you Bren. At this point we would like to open up the call to Q&A, and we do once again request that you limit yourself to one question and one follow up given the limited time we have for today's call. Please feel free to reach your follow up questions and we'll do our best to give everyone a chance for follow-ups in today's call, as time permits. Christine, we are ready for our first question. 
Ed Lockwood: Okay, thank you Christine, and thank you everyone for joining us on the call today. We remind you an audio reply of today's call will be available on our website later on this afternoon. We appreciate your interest in KLA. Thank you.
Bren Higgins: Yes, I think Tim, you know we've had foundries very strong and we even know a drop off this quarter, we think we see a bounce back into the first half of calendar 2017. There's always a dynamic about how the capacity openly get sell by the people following the leaders and so customers will try to optimize their capacity, as much as they can, so to the extent they try to use some of that equipment they may try, but and then given the challenges in a node and what we're hearing about size of it, we feel pretty confident about that foundry trajectory into the calendar year. 
Bren Higgins: What I really want to add to that; is that we're pretty much in line with what we thought would be we have 4 or 5 units revenue in this calendar year, and then that number would probably double or so will take 8 to 10 units into calendar 2017. So to Rick's point given our objectives in the in the 2017 we think that is how the adoption plays out. most of what we're seeing in terms of 10 nanometer production is really being driven by the Gen 4 product line, receptions just been really strong for that in its capability, so we're really encouraged by that, the extend ability we think and have this move into seven and the two will be mixed and matched and impaired to meet discovery high end production, and then ultimately high volume production type use cases. 
Bren Higgins: Yes, and then in terms I was there last week and meeting with customers and I think that 28 nanometer demand, this is that there's a lot of investment going on as you know, there's a lot of new employees. I think they are counting on us to help educate, train, and support them as they wrap these new fabs and they got very aggressive ramp. So I think we look forward to good business and be able support our customers as they go through there, and I think that we see the intensity being somewhere, in fact in some ways because in many cases you're starting greenfield for some these facilities, the intensity ends up being front and loaded for some of them, so it's even higher as well as we go forward. So we're looking forward to great things that in our China operations. 
Bren Higgins: Harlan, its Bren. So I mean just following the map to the point that we think that we're going to grow sort of in line with the market in the next year, and the market forecast that that we laid out, you end up with that revenue level I think that's fair. I think we're seeing some tail winds in gross margin right now that we've seen or -- for several quarters but I think as we start to transition into some of the newer products, some of the benefits we've seen around warranty and support costs, and an efficient cycle times and things like that. I think some of that goes away now. I do think and as I said in the in the call a couple weeks ago, I do believe that versus the model we published that were operating probably a solid 100 basis points above what we had put out there. so and I think that sustainable, so I think some of what we're seeing today be hard for me to come to replicate that type of gross margin profound in next year, so might be a little bit a degradation there, so given at that revenue level the range that you mention probably feels a little bit hot, but I would say you're probably in that 35% range plus or minus 100 basis points or so. Now there is a lot of factors in that mix and so on but that's how I would characterize it.
Bren Higgins: The comparison will be tough, I mean I don't really have that data; I mean what we are booking a lot of these new platforms that things to come out in this last year, right. so in even in the more trailing edge businesses like in China, they are buying and the latest Gen of tools, with the ability to try to use that capability as they ramp through this early development of new technology there. So I would say the majority -- pretty solid amount of the business is new products but I don't have the actual percentage.
Bren Higgins: But the only thing that I would add is while I think that there are certainly some new development activities happening there as they are ramping these fabs from greenfield state, that ultimately -- its serving a global market and so I think you'll see some movement around in terms of who gets market share but there will be inflexion in the short-term, probably some of it doesn't necessarily contribute to supply but overtime it eventually will. So I think the overall foundry dynamics in the long run will stay pretty consistent but there is certainly a commitment there and there is a focus to Rick's point, not only on the ramping of new technology but also our market position there is very strong.
Bren Higgins: Yes, I mean we've got a pretty active portfolio management process here in the company and I think given the strategic reorganization that we did a year ago we have the ability to move capital around much more freely than we did in the past so we will continue to execute our process, we've been investing in those businesses, we'll continue to do so. I gave some guidance in the prepared remarks around what I expect OpEx levels to be overall; there is a bit of an increase there and we are trying to drive the focus of that to be mostly R&D with an overall target of trying to 60% or the R&D expenses or the overall OpEx as R&D.
Bren Higgins: Then the only other thing on that is that we would add is that they will do flap-down inspection to qualify radicals, certainly for recall capabilities and incoming quality checks where they will basically print the waiver and do Gen 5 inspections on the waiver to qualify radicals as another checkpoint in terms of making sure radicals are good.
Bren Higgins: Yes, the NPI process at KLA which is new product introduction where engineering is headed off to manufacturing; on a lot of the new platform transitions that we've had has been really exceptional so tools are being handed over to operations, we have good design stability, our marketing and sales teams are managing the transitions well with customers; so we are not getting stuck necessarily with a lot of the extra inventories, we move customers from one platform to the next. Because of the design stability you don't have retrofit programs and other things; we are out there trying to fix tools as you're shipping them out. So it's been a huge factor I think -- not only in the conversation but also been a factor in the margin profile; A) because of the inventory issues but also the fact that the service cost around the warranty cost to support the tools and get them installed quickly has been fairly efficient, and so that's been a factor as well. So very impressed with the teams been able to do this and do this in a period of time where there was a lot of work around integration planning distraction and so on, so really impressed at work.
Bren Higgins: I think -- so Atif, this is Bren. I don't think our general view on the year is much different. I think there could be some growth in foundries as we build it bottoms up but we think it will see continued momentum around and my comments were order, so you'll start to see those tools ship in the second half of the year that will also will see stronger foundry shipments in revenue in the second half related to 7 nanometer activity. But I don't know what -- how they make up their forecast but at the end of the day, I -- as I said, I feel like we're not that far apart and generally in terms of how we look at it and how we look at the year overall.
Bren Higgins: I don't think it's really changed all that much, I mean to Rick's point earlier, I think we've tried to be as flexible as we can; we've taken some risks, I think we're managing through transitions and any time we have product transitions to bring a new product with new capabilities of the market, there is a level of customer demand that goes with that. So I guess in one way on anytime you have a transition, you do see some increase in visibility but we are still reacting to -- our customers are facing short lead times with their customers and trying to expect us to follow suit with that and we're doing all we can to try to be as flexible as we can to meet their needs. One other thing now that is, there is a little different is, the strength out of China is pretty different and there are Greenfield's that are happening, there is big investment plan. So if you think about that part of our business, there is a much more committed and maybe that could change but they are more committed than it was hard to see in the past.
Bren Higgins: Well, you know our 5% to 7% are through cycle multi-year target, right and that was -- when we put that together and say, look from calendar '15 and as we're sizing around the business, we're going to position it so we can deliver that level of revenue growth and try to have operating leverage that's 2X the growth rate. I mean certainly Gen 5 is a bigger piece but there will be some mix and matching that will happen within broadband plasma. So I think it's really -- the strength is, I don't see a fundamental shift in overall mix as we move into next year. To Rick point earlier, there could be more investment in radical inspection as customers begin to prepare for more development activities around EUV. So that could be an inflecting product a little bit into the year; year to year, but overall I think the mix looks relatively consistent across the different product segments.
Bren Higgins: Yes Sidney, we got that question earlier but just to go over it again really quickly, yes, there is -- we've clearly been outperforming the model, I think some of that is due to some of the maturity of the platforms that are out there, we're transitioning some new platforms and so I think will lose some of those tailwinds we've had but to the point I made earlier, I think we're operating probably a 100 basis points or more over that model and so as you play that through, I think you will see the same kind of performance in the operating margin line.
Rick Wallace: Yes, it is not just inspection I think process control in general, we are-- seeing some strength and I think it kind of goes across the portfolio. I would attribute the increase in inspection to memory which we have seen some, is more a function of Gen 5 where we've had some placements there that maybe in the past might of been served by alternate technologies like EVM, so we've seen some strength, I'll be modest at this point. The metrology is also growing and a lot of that has to do with some of the challenges in terms of things like registration, and so the overlay business and some of the film's businesses. So we're feeling pretty good about it, it's not at the intensity levels of course of foundry, but it is significantly up from where it had been in prior nodes and then we see strength to going forward there. 
Rick Wallace: Farhan, thanks for the question, yes we do pretty good about Gen 5 I think that what we were hoping for is to get it out mainly as a discovery tool. So way back in Semicon [ph] and 2015 we talked about the discovery market and our goal overtime was to get to 50% of that market served by optical. I think by the run rate we have now the end of calendar 2016 we're dressing about a third of that markets, so I think we've got about a third of that market, and our target remains that by the end of 2017 to be 50% of that market. Part of the market grew a little bit, because EVM was just not capable of satisfying some of it, so there is a gap in terms of functionality in terms of whole wafer but the displacement I think is going on we're seeing Gen 5 adopted more broadly. Gen 5 really does not go into production and replaced Gen4 until future notes when the critical defects size gets smaller, and you can really think about that more in terms of the adoption of EUV lithography. So, for now it's doing what we hoped it would do, customers like what they see it's a new products so of course there's improvements that we need to keep making, but we think we're on track for the plan that we laid out little over a year and three months ago. 
Rick Wallace: So on the foundry business overall, I mean we had a record year in China in FY16, so the year that ended in June in bookings so that those tools of these new revenue in through the course of this year. So I would say of our total foundry business in the year maybe 30%, 35% or so of the total is probably foundry.
Rick Wallace: I see. Well, Bren talked about the percent of our business that we had -- if we look back just to give you an idea of FY16 that finished, China was the second biggest market for us and that was partly because there was some underspending going on but China is pretty significant for KT and I think as we go forward we have the combination of this investment even though it's in -- maybe N minus two technology [ph], we also have a very significant amount of penetration and market share and also this is higher adoption because its foundry. So they are buying some of our newer tools and we see a lot of interest in ramping these facilities quickly, they are spending a lot of money, they are trying to grab markets share, in some cases service the domestic demand; so we feel pretty good about our position there and the fact that there is an area that we're going to invest more heavily going forward as overall to support that China investment cycle. This one is real.
Rick Wallace: I don't think that's really what we're seeing. I mean right now we do have some ability to flex the different tool capability people need but a lot of these facilities don't think they are going to stay at 28, so there is a desire to have newer capability and of course it doesn't hurt them to have it when they are doing their 28 work but they are hoping that they are going to go obviously lower than that. So I think we're in pretty good shape regardless of where they buy in the portfolio. It's not quite the same; I'll give you a very different example, if you think of some of the investment going on in Internet of Things where people -- maybe an automotive or they are in sensor technology, then we're talking about older tool sets and maybe even some of our KT pro-stuff which is reconfigured or refurbished tools, that's not what we're seeing in our markets in China for the most part, maybe there will be an element of that later but that not what it looks like right now.
Rick Wallace: So the way we're serving the EUV market is with the 6XXX series that's been out for several years and we have some additional capability to do that. So that's already part of the portfolio and had nothing to do with any discussions we had with our other companies, that's out there and no we're seeing their demand -- some demand for that. I can't really say that at what point that's going to ramp because for a long time it was a part-time application for some customers but we are seeing some dedicated purchase of those tools for that capability and it really will depend on how many starts they have in terms of different types of devices, how many mask they have. But whatever they have with the adequately time we are prepared to serve it; we don't -- it's not really about additional development beyond the capability that we have and some software upgrades and algo upgrades in that platform, we're not talking about a new platform which we talked about several years ago, that's not what we are doing; we're not doing an actinic [ph] inspector, we're developing additional capability on our existing products to serve it.
Rick Wallace: It's not really an area we're focused on, I mean its possible others might do that but we feel pretty good about the products that we have, the range that we have and our ability to satisfy the markets with our organic efforts in terms of process control. So it's not really something we're looking at.
Rick Wallace: I think just the fact that there -- as customers are looking at the newer technology notes. First of all, there are more customers trying to get into production; second of all, as those that are in-production are looking to new capability; just the ability to have a better sense of debugging the process in terms of -- from the discovery phase, not really from in-production, so it's really that. And in terms of their ability to see things they've never seen before because if they had EVM Solution, they could find small defects but they couldn't get away for signature, and now they can do both, they can find small defects and get way for level signature.
Rick Wallace: I think the one other thing is, as we've taken more risk in terms of inventory risk so one of things we've done is provided more flexibility in the master schedule to be able to react to market demands, especially most of our customers now have a very short visibility into their cycle so we're trying to be prepared so that we don't get caught out not having capacity when it's needed.
Rick Wallace: Yes, obviously given the relative small number of players, I'm going to be careful about this. I would say that the leaders feel good about where they are and I won't comment to that. There are other players getting in the market and I would say that we are seeing success but it is -- if you think about a yield curve, I think that there is a long flat part of that curve down around zero, and I think it took a while for people to debug the process. And frankly, one of the things -- one of the areas for opportunity for us going forward is there is not a really good defect discovery mode for 3D NAND because there is really no tool capable of helping debug; and even although we've made some attempts, when you do find the defects, they are very hard to verify because you have to essentially reprocess or flip them to go find it. So I'd say it's been slow in terms of getting started; now it's getting better. I think that there is -- some people are getting their process but as they look at expanding to the next technical challenges we anticipate yield is going to be a big part of the challenge and I think there is a lot of interest in partnering with us to come up with solutions to address that because obviously there is demand there but they are certainly getting very challenged by making the processes actually work.
Rick Wallace: Yes, here is the big difference is. There is no real scaling going on right now. I mean and tell you here EUV, essentially with the multi-patterning, you're not really doing anything relative to defect size, so Gen 4 from a lot of customer's perspective serves that market. So it's really -- people want more sensitivity but it's more about discovery. Frankly, if add the deal with those same defects on the earlier nodes on the current nodes, they wouldn't be able to be in large-scale production. So it really has hinged on when you see advanced technologies going into production on EUV.
