Ed Lockwood: Thank you, Jay. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our conference call. Joining me on our call today are Rick Wallace, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Mark Dentinger, Chief Financial Officer; and Bren Higgins, Vice President, Finance and Prospective Chief Financial Officer. We're here to discuss fourth quarter results for the period ended June 30, 2013. We released these results this afternoon at 1:15 p.m. Pacific Time. If you haven't seen the release, you can find it on our website at www.klatencor.com or call (408) 875-3600 to request a copy. A simulcast of this call will be accessible on demand following its completion on the Investor Relations section of our website. There, you'll also find a calendar of future investor events, presentations and conferences, as well as links to KLA-Tencor's SEC filings, including our annual report on Form 10-K for the year-ended June 30, 2012, and our subsequently filed 10-Q reports. In those filings, you'll find descriptions of risk factors that could impact our future results. As you know, our future results are subject to risks. Any forward-looking statements, including those we make on this call today, are subject to those risks, and KLA-Tencor cannot guarantee those forward-looking statements will come true. Our actual results may differ significantly from those projected in our forward-looking results. More information regarding factors that could cause those differences is contained in the filings we make with the SEC from time to time, including our fiscal year 2012 Form 10-K and our current reports on Form 8-K. We assume no obligation and do not intend to update those forward-looking statements. However, any updates we do provide will be broadly disseminated and available over the web. With that, I'll turn the call over to Rick.
Ed Lockwood: Okay. Thank you, Mark. At this point, we'd like to open your call up to questions. [Operator Instructions] So Jay, we're ready for your first question.
Ed Lockwood: All right, thank you, Jay. I'd like to thank everyone on behalf of the management team for joining us here today. A reminder that an audio replay of today's call will be available on our website later this afternoon. And once again, we appreciate your interest in KLA-Tencor.
Bren Higgins: So I think when you look at the second half view, which is essentially consistent with what we said at SEMICON of $1.5 billion in orders, and you flow that through our backlog number and then take the revenue guidance for this quarter, it does lead you to this calendar year view of the calendar revenue down 8% to 10%, so roughly consistent with our expectations for the industry of down somewhere between 5% and 10%. But that's how, as we bottoms up the revenue this quarter to come up with the $650 million and then flow through our backlog model into the December quarter. So that's how the math works.
Bren Higgins: Tim, it's Bren. Just one other thing, so on the order outlook, so at $1.5 billion, if you take the midpoint of the Q1 guidance, that puts the December quarter nominally around $825 million, so up about 20%, up 30% would be a little bit higher than what we see today. So largely unchanged from -- or essentially the same as what we saw at SEMICON.
Bren Higgins: So Krish, on the revenue guide, so there are a couple of ways to model it from a top-down perspective, but when we give the guidance, what we do is we build it up, bottoms up, tool by tool. And in some cases, you have tools that have acceptance cycles that we have to go all the way to product acceptance to take revenue, which impacts timing. And then other tools, sometimes you can take that revenue in shipment. So as we build it up and go through that process and look at it, we come out at about $650 million. So when you look at the overall model, lead times are still roughly what they've been. We're averaging about 4 months from order to shipment and about 1.5 months in terms of shipment to revenue. So that's how it works. So sometimes, you can end up with some disconnects from a top down versus bottoms up. But as we build it up for the current quarter, which is our process, that's where we end up.
Bren Higgins: Down probably a little bit at this point, but again, a lot that -- a lot of time to cover here before we get to the end of the year.
Bren Higgins: We had a strong first half in logic, so -- and we tend to get longer lead times in logic, so that certainly supported the first half of the year. So expect it down a little bit in the second half but on the strong first half.
Bren Higgins: I think, incremental gross margins in Q4 were pretty consistent with our model at about 67%. So revenue was largely flat, and as you know, with our products, we always end up with a fair amount of puts and takes around the mix. But with mix being sort of largely flat in the quarter from our guidance, we ended up with a little bit better factory utilization on the stronger output in the second half, and service and warranty and things like that were favorable as well. That's how we got the incremental point from the guidance.
Bren Higgins: Yes, Patrick, so I've been saying for a while that the OpEx range was going to be somewhere between $215 million and $220 million, and we've been bouncing around within that range. Programmatic swings have caused it to be a little bit under. in the last couple of quarters, it has been, but there was always sort of this possibility that it could be over that, too. We guided about $218 million, $219 million back in April. We came in at $223 million, but as Mark mentioned in the prepared remarks, we did have a milestone related to a cost-sharing plan we have with the government that slipped out of the quarter. So that drove this incremental $4 million or so from our guidance. As we look out going forward, I think we're probably, as we size our FY '14 based on our expectations here around the second half of the calendar year and in an improving environment in the calendar '14, we're sizing that company somewhere around $880 million, let's say, plus or minus $10 million. So works out in that range of around $220 million or so a quarter. But we could have some fluctuation here and there around it. You mentioned $450 million. $450 million is in the number. We've been pretty consistent in terms of our expectations around that spending. It's roughly be between $50 million and $60 million a quarter that we're -- or $50 million to $60 million for the year that we're going to spend, and that's largely the same as what we saw last year as well. So no incremental uptick related to $450 million in our plans at least over the next 12 months.
Richard P. Wallace: Well, certainly, we see the memory mix being probably strongest in the quarter that just finished and the September quarter. For us, we see memory kind of reverting back to historical norms than the December time frame, and next year, I think the large -- the expected increase in the overall market will be driven by the traditional drivers of late, which are the logic and foundry, both of which are going to be good for KLA-Tencor. So we think 2014 should be a good year for us and for process control.
Richard P. Wallace: I think 2014, we will expect to see some 3D NAND, and as we mentioned, we have, we believe, a good position, very good market position when it comes to serving that market, and we do see growth off historical levels for that. And I think there is also a period of investment now basically playing catch-up a little bit on the memory side. So memory will be at a higher level of intensity than it's been in the past driven by that but not as high as it would be if it were a pure foundry and logic. So we kind of go back to the historical -- we think next year looks a little bit more like the 70-30 split in logic and foundry and the 70% in memory on 30% with intensity going up in both.
Richard P. Wallace: Yes, Krish, this is Rick. I'll take Part 2 and then give Bren Part 1. We do see the mix reverting back to the 70-30 mix we talked about at SEMICON West in the December quarter, memory being 30%, most of that, actually, being in the NAND space, as we get out to December. And so logic, we'd see some pickup in logic and foundry to comprise the rest of what we see for the rest of the year. And then Bren can take the revenue for Q1 comment.
Richard P. Wallace: Sure. Let me start with the memory question. What we laid out at SEMICON, and we have no reason to change it now, is memory intensity at the 4X node we saw about -- in aggregate -- about 8.8%. With it going to 9.3% -- this is process control intensity and memory at 2X and 10.2% on the 1X. And so what we're seeing now is depending on who's buying that increase in [ph] intensity, but it's -- that averaged over time. And what happens is much is the same in the case with logic or foundry, you see it may be heavier at the beginning of a ramp and lightening up as you go later into a ramp. So there are some increased buying. There are some increased buying now because at the beginning of some new fab activity and new ramps. That's part of why we're seeing a heavier concentration of memory right now. But over time, we think it normalizes to those percentages that we laid out. And the other question was on share. Our expectation, we just did the analysis. We finished our fiscal year. We looked back, and we did not see a meaningful change in market share in terms of dollar spent on process control for KLA-Tencor as a percent of what we noted the overall spend. And as we look forward, we don't anticipate any change in that, in our plans for the upcoming fiscal year. And we do think there are actually some opportunities for share improvement.
Richard P. Wallace: As you know, Stephen, it's really hard to predict. I went back in time, and I was looking at August predictions, and well, it was a bad year to pick it. But 2008 and some of the leading equipment companies were saying 2009 was going to be up 10%. That didn't happen as you recall. So I think the perils of long-term forecasting are still with us. But assuming there's no macroeconomic changes, we do see '14 looking better primarily driven by the transition toward that 20/16-nanometer nodes in the foundry section continue to invest in logic and memory returning to maybe more historical levels of investment driven by some of the activities in the VNAND and the better pricing in DRAM. So all in all, we're kind of sitting with the rest of the industry in terms of industry consensus on what we think '14 will look like. We think we're going to start seeing some of that increased activity, as we said, in the December quarter, supporting what we believe will be a pretty good year in 2014.
Richard P. Wallace: Sure. Let me start with the one of things that was brought to my attention as we were reviewing last year. We had a record shipment year for brightfield in our fiscal 2013, so all-time record for the fiscal year. And as we look forward for 2014, our fiscal '14 starting now, we see continued opportunity for brightfield as we look at some of the challenges being faced by customers in the 20- and 16-nanometer transitions and also some of the activity that's going on, as I said, the renewed investment going on in memory. So we feel very good about our position there and think we'll continue to show strength. And as I mentioned, the NanoPoint discussion that we had at SEMICON West, we're actually seeing more positive examples of that coming out even as recently in the last couple of weeks with customers, so feel very good about our position in the broadband inspection of brightfield.
Richard P. Wallace: Well, we had -- in June, it was about 60% of the memory was for NAND, and it looks to be about that for September. I don't actually have it modeled for the December quarter at this point but roughly, 60-40 for NAND versus DRAM, which is good to see DRAM actually investing at that level. It had been much higher in the past, and -- but there is some catch-up going on in DRAM.
Richard P. Wallace: All right. Well, in terms of the investment -- let me start with the second one. What we've seen on 3D, people are absolutely building fabs, ordering equipment and talking about need for increased stability to support those RAMs [ph]. Those are the signals that we're getting and some of the business that we got in the June quarter and we expect to get the next 2 quarters is in support of that. And there's a lot of activity in terms of people moving to support that, customers, multiple customers making investment there. So whether or not there's a demand for it, I actually have heard differing views that there is actually a pretty strong demand for the 3D coming from some new consumer markets and the challenge, I think, will be to ramp and meet that on the new technology. And that's -- we're feeling that pressure to support those ramps right now. So it's as real as any kind of ramp pressure that I've felt in the past -- people wanting, customers wanting very explicit support plans because sometimes they're in new locations. In terms of the FinFET, I do think that the question of how long the 20-nanometer node lasts is a very good question. And we are seeing some evidence that there are customers that are going to skip to 16 and 14 because they feel that either that they're not necessarily going to benefit enough from going to 20, and they're going to move beyond that. I don't know that the mix is going to be incredibly high initially. I think that there are probably not as many starts, so maybe there's some -- that, that may be somewhat consistent that it's a limited number of devices on those. But that is not atypical for a new node ramp. So we are definitely hearing very similar conversations from customers. The ones that are later in the process of 28 nanometers, I think will come later. But the ones that are further along and are in their 20-nanometer, maybe higher volume at this point are definitely pushing us toward preparing for the next generation. So it may be true, but it's certainly not the signs. In fact, I'd say that the memory thing has surprised us in terms of how much investment is going in, in some cases, to brick and mortar to prepare for what they believe is a strong customer demand.
Richard P. Wallace: Well, the differences for us, so I'm not a device physicist, so I'm not going to be able to tell you the differences in terms of challenges performance wise, but -- or leakage wise. But what we're definitely seeing is 28-nanometer in some customers is much more mature than others. So I would start by saying that there are some customers much further along on the yield curve. There are others, by the way, who are still struggling with the yield on 28 and working very hard, and we're seeing good opportunity from those customers who try to get them up and yielding. On the next generation, I think that the tolerances are all very, very tight for people. So we're seeing a strong push toward next-generation inspection and measurement tools from us to be able to handle the increased, I guess, process and tolerance if you will. And that's what's driving us right now. We have very tough specs coming from customers that are going down that path, and it's resulting in us having to sell our latest generation equipment to serve that. So I think it's a refresh cycle. The things that -- or the products that we're going to make to support 16 and 14 are going to be the leading edge that we have now. I think they'll be very little of the trailing edge in those nodes on those critical layers because the requirements are just too high but from a defectivity standpoint and a metrology standpoint.
Richard P. Wallace: I think we've got some pretty good opportunities. I mentioned NanoPoint. I think we have some good opportunities in terms of films. And actually, it might be surprising, but I think there are some good opportunities in reticle, and that's an area where, historically, we had some strong share, has not been quite as strong recently partly because we've been toward the end of -- not end, but we're in a mass-maker holiday a bit, not pushing mass technology as much as you do double and quad patterning. And some of the new challenges on some of the advanced reticles are, once again, taxing technology and really play to our strength as technology leaders. And so we think there's a reasonable likelihood we'll actually see share gain in reticle as reticle starts investing again as we go forward. Also, we found some customers recently that felt that they had strategies where they could limit their adoption of reticle potentially even in the fab, and they've had -- been burned by some problems recently, and they're coming to us for some solutions. So we feel pretty good about the opportunities there.
Richard P. Wallace: Yes. I wouldn't stress the revenue from NanoPoint as much. I think that what NanoPoint does is it creates additional value, so we talked a lot about it at West in terms of what it was doing for brightfield, and I just mentioned earlier on the call, when we tallied up FY '13 and just finished, we had a record year in brightfield for the -- all-time record for the company. And I know that part of that was driven by some of the adoption of NanoPoint. And when it comes to e-Beam, it's more substitutional. I think there are some customers that -- and this is part of what's driving it with brightfield is that they were feeling that some of the defects that they were looking for, they could only really find them with e-Beam. And even though e-Beam had incredibly slow throughput, that was the only thing they could do. And with NanoPoint, to a number of those customers, we demonstrated the ability to leverage a much, much faster brightfield tool in conjunction with NanoPoint to take over those inspection points. And I think the result is more adoption for brightfield and frankly squeezing some of the opportunities that e-Beam had been seeing.
Richard P. Wallace: For calendar '13 -- yes, we're not really modeling out as much as we finish the calendar year. That'd be forecasting more into December than, I think, we're comfortable doing. But I don't think we see -- in average, not a big change.
Richard P. Wallace: Well, they can be inspected. It's different though because now we're looking in a vertical direction. So part of that attraction of 3D NAND is you can back off the dimensions, so you're not printing -- the lines and spaces aren't as small, but they're going vertical. So instead of just looking for smaller and smaller defects, which would push, in one axis, the performance, you're actually looking for defects in the vertical direction, which pushes another axis. Fortunately, our tools have enough flexibility in them to be tuned to do those kinds of inspections. And then there's the review challenge, and then there's the corrective action. So we are finding, as we work with our customers, that we're able to create methodologies with them that help them address some of these defectivity challenges. But they're just different than what you would see if you were just in straight, linear scaling on a 2D device.
Richard P. Wallace: Well, we expect to start seeing investment toward the end of the calendar year, and then, I think throughout 2014, there should be continued investment as the leaders are followed by other close -- fast followers behind them. We'll see continued investment through the year in '14.
Richard P. Wallace: Tim, you would have noticed that, that's [ph] level memory. Well done. We're noticing that, too. This one's a little different though because I think it's front-end loaded at the beginning of a fab ramp with new technology. So there's no reuse really because there's nothing -- the product mix that we have for dealing with the new technology is all new. So there's no ability for people to reuse. But it is largely, for us, going to be front-end loaded towards the beginning of a ramp. So that's why we see it reverting to normal back in the -- or more traditional 30%-ish in the December quarter, but that's really what that's related to. We could and we believe we will see, as other companies come on line, additional opportunity for us but again, likely front-end loaded and probably, over time, reverting to the process control intensities for memory that we saw that we outlined at West. Now the one difference is we don't really know yet what 3D problems customers are going to have, and I don't believe they know yet just how much process control they're going to need. So it looks like a good beginning, but we may be being a bit conservative on the opportunity there as we go forward.
