Bren Higgins: Yes. So, as Rick said, I think as we continue through the second half of this year, both those businesses are growing faster than market as we said in the prepared remarks. In fact, I would think that the optical inspection business is one of the fastest-growing markets in all of WFE, if not the fastest. So, there's a lot of inflections around EUV, but also other process dynamics that are driving that. But the introduction of EUV driving shrinks in the business or shrinks in design rules is creating an opportunity for both platforms and also leveraging optical inspection for validating reticle quality. Also 5-nanometer in the reticle part of the business, you also have increasing reticle complexity. And our offering in that market after a number of years where reticle complexity wasn't changed all that much in the double patterning environment. As we move to EUV, reticle complexity is changing dramatically. And our offering is a more technical offering and we're getting strong customer interest in that product. So, I think there's sustainable tailwinds here through the rest of this year and as we move into '22.
Bren Higgins: Yes, John. And I think it's much more of an operating margin statement or a reduction in R&D intensity is another way to about it. Platform extendability is one of the biggest decisions we make in our product lifecycle processes. We're making choices and we can extend platforms. It means that over time we get a higher return on investment on those engineering dollars. So we don't have to go develop the next one, which is what drives significant cost of the model as you're developing and bringing a new product to market. So, by extending it, we see the leverage in our operating margins. Now, in terms of gross margin, software content or software offerings are increasing across the whole company not just within semi-process control, where we have businesses. Now that are starting to get to meaningful revenue levels, but we're selling software directly and we have that there, and we also have it in the EPC business where we're providing simulation capabilities, data analytics, other computational methods, design-based capabilities to help point our inspectors and get more value out of the KLA offerings. So, there is a few dynamics that are there that I think are good for us in terms of solving some of these problems as technology roadmaps get more and more complicated, but then also driving operating margin leverage over time.
Bren Higgins: But CJ, I mean, just one thing to add, a lot of the business that we're booking now is revenue in '22. I mean that's part of our confidence in '22. We're filled out for '21. And so, that's part of what we're seeing. And then some of the players you know who are trying to regain the lead, a lot of that investment hasn't really shown up in our revenue numbers yet.
Bren Higgins: You also have the integration of the PCB board to IC substrate into the package and so that's a good driver for us moving forward. We're working on new capability to better address that market. We also -- the ICOS' finished component inspection business is inspecting the packages, so that complexity is also driving an inflection in that market. We're seeing very strong growth in that market as well. Probably the fastest-growing part of EPC is today is through ICOS. So, I think there's a lot of opportunities as Rick said and some of it's dependent on us bringing new capability to market. But certainly, customers are trying to leverage the different positions we have across a number of different applications, trying to leverage the relationship with us to do more there.
Bren Higgins: That's a great question. And certainly trying to get more leverage out of the service business is of the acquired companies. Acquired businesses for KLA has been one of our parts -- a key component of the investment thesis when we look at these kinds of transactions. And smaller companies have a hard time trying to have the infrastructure just given the nature of their size to be able to support a broad service footprint. So, being able to leverage our infrastructure now the go-to-market is different, how we engage with those customers is different. So, leveraging the infrastructure we have is I think a big part of that so there is a big cost element. We made the investments, I think we need to make. Certainly, China and the investments we made back in 2016 and 2017 to build infrastructure to support the China business is great for us now and we're seeing scale on that. With some of the regionalization dynamics that are out there, if we see new fabs popping up, we have to build that capability in some new places. We think those are great opportunities for us because our customers rely on us to help bring those kinds of facilities up and to bring our capability to help them do that. And so, whenever they're building a new fab in a new geography, it creates a big opportunity for KLA. We're working on remote diagnostics, remote capabilities, so we can do a lot more diagnostic, these diagnosis tool problems from back here from the factory or from our development teams depending on what's happening. One of the challenges in COVID obviously, has been getting people in and out when we have an escalation situation. So, I think those are the kinds of areas that we're investing and it's a great opportunity for us just in terms of growth given the strength of the WFE, but also the lengthening of lifetime on the tools and how customers are using them from a utilization point of view.
Bren Higgins: That's correct, yes. And I attempted to clarify that in one of the earlier questions. But yes, you're right. That's the total company aggregate revenue expectation second half versus first half, mid-teens.
Bren Higgins: Hey, Tim, just to also clarify on the China statement. So, that's of the semiconductor process control segment, which includes the service. It was 25% of the revenue in the June quarter.
Bren Higgins: I think the one thing I would add is, we are cognizant of our customers' desire to get more capability sooner and we're doing everything we can to size it. But the numbers you've talked about, we have contemplated in our plans.
Rick Wallace: Customer mix doesn't impact our margin profile, our products across all segments have the same margin profile. So, it really is a mix dynamic that is driving the quarter-to-quarter, 50 basis point increase we have. Most of the growth quarter-to-quarter is coming from semi-process control systems and those carry higher margins than obviously our service business or EPC business. So, that's been the bigger driver. We have supply chain challenges like everybody else and we're constantly trying to manage our way through those. Freight costs are higher, those are embedded. And maybe over time as some of those pressures alleviate, we'll get a little bit of benefit from that into the future. But we certainly have that in our numbers and expecting it to remain at that level over the next couple of quarters. On the component side, there is pressure on components, there is pressure on raw materials for frames and steel specifically, for the frames of our tools. So, we're dealing with that. Labor pressures are different around the world, we have factories in different locations but we're also dealing with that as well. I would expect as we move forward, we'll see some pressure. So, far it's been offset by the strength of the volume. So, we worked with our suppliers and the volume upside has been favorable. But I do expect we'll see some pressure on components. The way we price products tends to be value-centric. We have a value pricing model, not a cost-based model. But we're certainly going to have to deal with that as it comes through. With these revenue levels into the future, I would think we're probably looking at 10 to 20 basis points type of impact over time from some of the inflationary pressures on our COGS. But that's contemplated in the guidance we provided in terms of our margin expectations moving forward.
Rick Wallace: John, thanks for the question. We've been working on what has been -- what is now called AI and ML for years now. And of course, because we handle so much data in our systems, especially in optical wafer system but also in the reticle system, that we've been having to manage that data and look for a signal in that data for a long time. What ML enables and machine learning enables along with AI is, just extracting more information out of that data. So, as we continue to have more capability to manage it, our work on AI has proliferated across most of our products now in some form or another but we continue to add upgrades. So, I think to answer your question, one way to think about it is we can squeeze more capability out of existing generations by leveraging the algorithms in the AI work. And in the past, where we may have needed to shift [ph] wavelengths for example to get more capability, we can do that with algorithm. So, one of the questions that had been brought up in the past was, for example, the limitations of optical wafer inspection and why EBM was going to maybe take a large prior of the share, that was the thesis a few years ago. But it was through AI and through ML and our advanced optics capability, that we've actually created additional node capability out of the optical systems. So, I think that's another way that we've expanded and lengthened the lifetime of the products, part of why Gen 4 has a longer life now is, we're squeezing more capability out of that, leveraging it. To answer your other question, it is expanding into our other products, those are the first really in the work we do at reticle. But it's also driving some opportunities for us in other segments as we expand the leverage of that capability into both metrology but also some of our traditionally lower-end wafer inspection systems that are applying and trailing edge capability [ph]. So, it's really kind of across the board. And you're right, it's very -- if you can amortize the engineering the way we do, it's pretty accretive to the overall business volume, because you're -- we do make a large investment. We're by far -- we have the most investment going on, no question among our peers because we're doing it across such a broad portfolio. But we're getting leverage as we have multiple products that are leveraging it. So, Bren can speak to how that drives the P&L.
Rick Wallace: Yes. Really, I think just in terms of overall sustainability, we would expect to see the leading edge continue to invest as we go into next year. And given the public statements that have been made there, I think that's pretty consistent with what we're seeing. On the trailing edge side, we are seeing orders that are coming into backlog, but also in the funnel from a number of customers and much more meaningful levels of customers that haven't invested all that much in the past and are addressing some of these automotive and industrial, and some of these other more trailing edge challenges. So, I would think from a shipment and revenue point of view, we'll see that business actually start to come to the P&L as we move into 2022. China has been mostly logic-centric this year, native China. And so, I think we'll have to see how that plays out as we move into next year in terms of growth. Certainly, there is -- I think sustainability with the business levels that have been elevating through this year but I would expect to see a little bit more memory activity probably next year in China. And I think that's probably the one area we don't have as much visibility in terms of logic growth there. So, I think those are the dynamics and how they're planned. I think in terms of DRAM and NAND, I would expect those to continue to maintain the momentum that we've been seeing through '21.
Rick Wallace: Yes. So I'm not going to guide December specifically. What we're trying to do is give you some perspective on our expectations for growth of semiconductor process control equipment for the year, that was the high '30s to low 40 statement. We also talked about the total company growing mid-teens half to half, and so that was another statement there as well. So, I don't want to put a point out there in terms of the revenue guide but hopefully, you can get there with the details we have provided. Components are a daily challenge, we are managing across our factories, across our teams, managing our suppliers to be able to deliver the parts that we need. Some components have intrinsic lead times for us that are long term, and so, we have to make decisions and we've been making decisions to make investments or for that to make commitments to those suppliers to be able to provide that supply for us as we move into '22. So, it's a challenge, we're working our way through it. I'm spending more time -- I've been with KLA for 21 years and I'm spending more time on supply chain than I ever have. And certainly, as a CFO since 2013; so, we're dealing with it. We're making our way through it, and the guidance and context we provided contemplates what we expect to happen. It's our best expectations based on what we know today.
Rick Wallace: Yes. You have to remember that when we just talk about our mix of business that's the total company, so that includes EPC. So, I believe, our China percentage was like 32%. If you looked at the native investment as a percent of our semiconductor process control segment, it's about 25%. So, the numbers, when you're extrapolating like that can lead you to different conclusions. There are a number of small projects that are logic-centric projects in China that are targeting specific markets around IoT and image sensors, and a bunch of those kinds of opportunity is obviously, automotive and industrial. So, I think there are new projects in a lot of cases which are going to be coming online over time. But there is a lot of activity there. So, yes, there are.
Rick Wallace: Yes. Sure, Joseph. We've actually been engaged for quite a while with some of the leading automotive -- even the automotive customers coming to us asking us to help them with their suppliers. That's been going on for a few years. What's really happened now is, it's broadened, the number of customers that are recognizing and of course the shortage of automotive semiconductors contributed to that. So, we've been developing products that have, I would say, are adaptations of existing products that provide additional capability in support of automotive, whereas you know, they're looking for more reliability, there is some cases where we're helping traceability in terms of how they're driving those fabs. So, yes, that's an area we outlined in our 2019 Analyst Day where we talked about, that was a growth area for us and we believe it continues to be. Obviously, it was a rough start to 2020 where a lot of customers shut down their plants for automotive semiconductor now to their dismay, but those are back on. And so, we do have those products, we're engaging with customers, and there is a strong demand for that, and we think that's sustainable and we think that will continue to grow as more of the automotive players see the value in that and that will just continue to broaden. So, we have a segment and a work area that we're focused on that and it's also where our business that we got through, Orbotech, SPTS works also some of the process capability there. So, it's more than just inspection, it's broader for us than that. So, it's pretty exciting. It's a good growth area and I think it's one that we'll continue to see progress over the next several quarters.
Rick Wallace: Joe, I think there's a couple of things. One is, as more of the big players are focused on packaging as a source of either maintaining differentiation or closing a differentiation gap, there is more investment with larger players that know KLA. And frankly, I think we're getting more seats at the table and engagements with them because of their knowledge of KLA and their desire to put their best behind a proven player. So, we have the capability. We have some products. We're doing some product developments, some product adaptations in support of that, but the technology there is moving. The process control intensity is significantly lower than it is of course in the leading edge, but the rate of growth is very fast, the rate of growth of process control. So, I would say, we have an abundance of opportunities there to execute on, but it will require us to bring new capabilities. And so, we're engaging with our customers in that. And I can tell you, we're getting as much pool there as we are in the front end for capabilities as customers try to accelerate their roadmap. So, we're seeing strong growth as we increase the process control intensity and it's not just process control, once again some of the process equipment we have with SPTS is also being leveraged in that area as well as in our PCB business, which isn't all inspection and measurement. So, we do see strong growth. We see a lot of potential consistent with the plans we laid out in 2019 at our Investor Day.
Rick Wallace: Yes. And just to put a number on it, we said $400 million in 2019. We're ahead of plan and we can beat that, do more than that with some of the developments we're contemplating. So, I think we've got the products now to perform to that and we can do more. And we're getting encouraged by the signs that we're seeing and engaging with these customers.
Rick Wallace: Yes, it's a great question. And as you know, with all our business, any of these technology transitions, inflections present opportunity for process control, because the first thing that our customers need to figure out is how to get the process ramped. So, I think we're seeing advanced indicators that that's going to be great for adoption of additional capability. It's also where the portfolio really matters, because in the case of gate-all-around, adaptation to the Gen 4 wafer inspection in some ways is more important than what Gen 5 does. Gen 5 is very important for the smaller defectivity that we need to detect and the lower rates but Gen 4 for the contrast. And so, some of the development we've been doing with our customers has been to tune our products for that advanced transistor capability. So, I think that what you'll see is a continued increase in process control intensity. The way we modeled it is relatively modest over the long term but of course, the cumulative effect is it adds up and that's why we think process control intensity outgrows WFE on the order of half a percentage point if we're going from 15 to 15.5 depending on what the aggregate, that's a blended between logic and memory. But we'll see it over time that you'll see it creep up as a result of those new inflections, provided we have the products to support it, which is a lot of the work that we've been doing. So, we feel like we're really good position to support our customers to do that.
Rick Wallace: Yes. And then, the biggest investment really right now is in the workforce to support that. And so, as Bren mentioned, we're working on that. I think that hiring, training, on-boarding as we anticipate the continued growth is an area we've done well with. But as you know, there is a big demand for talent out there. So, we have to keep on it, keep hiring and doing that training. So, that's probably the biggest area of investment, over time that's going to be the workforce.
Rick Wallace: Yes. Tim, it's a great question. We feel confident that we will have the capability we need when it is needed for the high NA. So, I understand what your question is, we believe that with the products that we have, with the 8xx in particular, and actually the continued capability we're seeing in 6xx, we feel that we will be there when the market is needed for the high NA.
Rick Wallace: Yes Vivek, that's an interesting question. And right now, what we're trying to do is ramp up to support the customer demand that we have. And I have expectations for incremental capacity as we move forward now. I feel like these are good investments to make for us over the long run given our expectations for multi-year growth in WFE. I think given the strength of the WFE investments in some of the end market drivers that we're talking about, that we would expect to see WFE grow over the next few years, at least in line with semiconductor revenue with rising capital intensity probably faster than that. So, these investments and given the extendability of our platforms and the lifetime of our tools in terms of how we're shipping to a very broad demand environment from a technology point of view, that these are investments that are important for us in terms of just being able to support that kind of environment moving forward sort of a through cycle over time statement. But we're continuing to invest to make sure that we have the flexibility to be able to respond to our customer demand. So, I think that's -- as I look at it right now in terms of the first half of the year, in terms of expectations, hard for me to see how -- it's at least as strong as what we've seen in the second half of '21 in terms of what we see in the funnel and in our backlog in terms of how we're managing it. I don't want to make any statements much beyond that.
Rick Wallace: Yes. Of course, we track the usage. I mean that's a metric that we're looking at all the time. But I would back up a little bit and say that the industry actually has a self-governing mechanism in it, which is the ability of all the equipment companies to ramp to the demand. And right now, when you talk to customers, they would take more shipments I think from everyone if they could get them sooner. So, there is a natural governance. And I'm sure you've heard, ASML talk about EUV through '22. So, it's naturally governed by that. So, I don't -- I think we're in a good place for a sustained run at this point.
Rick Wallace: Well, in a lot of cases, we're already seeing the orders, right? So, I think that customers are getting into the queue for deliveries. And in some products, deliveries could be 12 months from now. So, it's absolutely happening and customers are trying to make those commitments as they're planning for their facilities. Obviously, they plan across a lot of different types of equipment. And so, those planning cycles tend to move around a little bit. Sometimes they are also dependent on winning business and product ramps and so on. So, there's always a little bit of variability around the timing. And then of course, generally as you try to build something, there's always infrastructure and delays and pull-ins that can happen associated with just construction overall. But yes, we're absolutely seeing that demand in the backlog and certainly in the sales funnel.
Rick Wallace: Yes. Including display, we're in the high teens for that business. So, we're seeing strength there. Display is about as we expected and we're seeing strength, I mentioned earlier about component inspection. Especially, semiconductor is also seeing strength. PCB is ahead of plan a little bit so I think that's moving along. Obviously, it's very tied to mobility and 5G. So, yes, we're seeing that pick up in terms of expectations for growth out of that product group.
