Bren Higgins: So on the SMIC situation, as we said in the prepared remarks, we've applied for licenses for the December quarter where we think we need them. And if you look at just overall, I mean, SMIC, just for some background, it's an important customer but not a particularly large one. And over the last six months or so we've been discussing a broadening of investment. And certainly, they participated in that. There's probably timing factors that are involved in terms of how others are seeing this business come in over the course over the year. But as we look at what we revenued in the September quarter and where there was no effect and then we look at the December quarter, we've applied for licenses, as I said, where we need them. And at the end of the day, when we look at the overall expectation of revenue on our business for the quarter, we just don't see it having a material impact. So we didn't have to adjust anything, frankly. So our plans are consistent overall. So there's no change there. On your second question really difficult in our business. I mean, certainly, demand overall has been very strong. And so when you have a customer try to pull in a delivery, it means that they're taking a slot from another customer. And given the overall demand profile, that is -- most of the customers are sticking with their slots. So we haven't really seen a change. We've been, I think, fairly consistent in our view of shipments for the year of about $800 million. It's been second half loaded. It's what we are seeing today. So I haven't seen much of a change overall in terms of the behavior for customers, at least in regards to our products.
Bren Higgins: Harlan, I think one of the things that we're pretty excited about is that over the last year or so, we've introduced platforms in a lot of our core businesses. And those platforms have had really strong market perception. We think you mentioned Gen 5, but also new iterations of the Gen 4 product line and customers mix and matching across both tool sets and supporting a wide variety of designs and different process flows, which has been great for the business. But new laser scattering offerings, you mentioned e-beam, we have a new e-beam inspection product. And the portfolio strategy of the company, as we connect those tools and we leverage common interfaces and common algos, common software, it's been able to, I think, provide a pretty competitive offering out there in the marketplace. And so we've been able to maintain our share. We grew share in 2019. We think we're going to maintain that in '20, maybe improve it a little bit and been able to do it at very strong margins. So certainly, growth in the overall business is a factor there but also the product position is a factor. So we're pretty pleased with what's out in the marketplace. And to Rick's point, we've got some new things coming down the pipe that hopefully will drive our performance against our '23 targets.
Bren Higgins: And just one thing to add, C.J. I think one of the beliefs and our investment thesis on some of our new capabilities, for example, EUV print check, was that we were going to be highly relevant in the advanced nodes. But of course, people really hadn't hit much volume. So we've really seen proof of that concept. And we're getting a lot of customer pull for capacity and capability to support those ramps, and it's not just at one customer. So we feel very good about the process control intensity expectations that we had going into these nodes. We're seeing them being realized. So we view that as another positive indicator, not just on the overall foundry spend but on the process control related spend.
Bren Higgins: Really, since the middle of 2018 or so, we've seen very disciplined spending by our memory customers. And so we've seen that continue through after a strong down year in 2019 to a flattish year here in 2020. We see some modest recovery here in the December quarter as you see from the disclosures we gave for the quarter. And we see that continuing as we move into next year. I don't see -- just if you look at the overall pricing environment and certainly the smartphone and timing of data center recovery, we'll have an impact on the overall memory environment. You've got EUV introduction into DRAM, which could be a factor as well as we move into the second half of the year that we would expect to see memory as an improving business for us as we move into '21. As I said, I think that the discipline has been there. And as we start to see pricing recover, I think you'll see more investment there. But I wouldn't say it's a huge expectation in terms of growth but I think a lot of it will be dependent on some of the end market dynamics that I mentioned. From a process control intensity point of view, it's a little bit higher today in 3D flash than DRAM, although the introduction of EUV and DRAM is an opportunity for us to drive process control intensity. So I think we're optimistic about that when we start to see that play out. And then also as stacks, layer counts increase in flash that we will see more opportunities for our metrology product lines. We've got some new product offerings. We also have the e-beam inspection tools. We talked about where things that we believe will ultimately create some opportunities for us for either intensity improvement or share. So I think we're pretty optimistic about those opportunities.
Bren Higgins: In the September quarter, the change or the notification from the government came in at the very end of September. So there's no impact in the September quarter. And so as we look at the December quarter, as I said earlier, when we have to apply for licenses, we've applied for those. And we don't think that the granting of those licenses within the time frame we're talking about or not, will have a material impact on the business.
Bren Higgins: A few questions in there, Tim, and I'll try to answer this for you. Yes, I mean your conclusion around December sequential Semi Systems is right, mid single digits. Obviously, we run the business at a total company level. But in terms of our expectations, it looks like it's sequentially a bit single digit growth here. And so when you take in aggregate, you add all that up that with our semi systems, probably somewhere in the neighborhood of about 15% growth year-over-year against a market environment that's 10%. So that's an outperform. And if you look at last year, WFE was down about 7% and our Semi business was up 1%. So that's an outperform too in 2019. So we can spend some time with you on the math on all of this, but that's how to think about your questions.
Bren Higgins: Patterning overall, we had a strong quarter in reticle inspection. So quarter to quarter, that was the biggest driver.
Bren Higgins: Well, it's big ASPs. And so it's low integers and big ASPs. And so depending on timing, it does tend to be lumpy. Overall reticle inspection, because of the number of design starts in advanced foundry has been a really strong business for us. So I think that when we look at it overall, it was a very strong year in '19 and '20. It’s down a little bit from '19 in that business but still pretty strong. So I think those drivers will continue. And as we move into next year and we start to move into some of our offerings to support additional EUV activities, we should see some contribution from there as well. But reticle inspection was a driver. But to your point, it is lumpy quarter-to-quarter.
Bren Higgins: On gross margin, as I said earlier, we've been very pleased overall with the product positioning overall and the pricing related to that positioning. So that's been a good thing for our business. I mentioned operating leverage in Service. And so with the growth of the Service business, the utilization rates in the installed base that one thing with consolidation in the industry allows you to really drive good utilization across your resources. And we've invested in a lot of infrastructure over the last few years and we're starting to see the benefits of that now. We are getting the tailwind too in our EPC group related to acquisitions that the acquired businesses are doing better from a margin point of view. So there's a number of factors that are driving. If you look at our long term plan, we talked about 60% to 61% at these revenue level type gross margin performance. And I would expect us now to be somewhere between 61% and 62%. You do have mix factors in any given quarter. But I do think there's probably a good point here of sustainability versus the model that we had. If you take it down to operating margins, I think we're underspending our normalized spend levels just because of some of the COVID constraints around travel, but also how quickly we can hire people and so on. So I do think that the spend level is probably understated a bit when compare it to what normalized would look like. But I do think that there is a point here that drops through that has sustainability to it. Mix issues notwithstanding in any given quarter. On the buyback, as we back up and just look at it, we start with a principle in terms of how we look at the overall capital structure of the company and then how we allocate the capital. And so we start with a cash target of $1.5 billion to $2 billion. So we're operating within our target range today. And so most of our buybacks or returns generally are funded through ongoing cash flow. So it was a little bit lower in this quarter compared to the March quarter, I guess. I can't recall exactly where that number was, I think March and December. But I think as you look at that and we look at our go-forward expectations around cash flow, we would expect it will be roughly around these levels on an ongoing basis. So somewhere, it was $188 million, I'd say somewhere around $200 million plus or minus. And it's a systematic approach because, again, it starts with sort of a process that we run through. So we have some opportunistic possibility around that, that we can work around it. But at the same time, it tends to be much more principle based than anything else. So I think that's how you'll see it play out. At the end of the day, we're going to return at least 70%. We returned 82% in the last 12 months. And we're going to return at least 70% of the cash flow we're going to generate through the share repurchases and dividends and pretty balanced across the two.
Rick Wallace: As we said in the prepared remarks, we had very strong backlog coming into the quarter. We had a positive book to bill this quarter. And if we look at the funnel of expectations into the December quarter, just the overall order outlook as we look into December and into March and then the backlog position we believe will take into the year, gives us some confidence of sustainability of these business levels. And so while it's early for us to spend a lot of time sizing '21, and we'll have more to say about ‘21 in the next earnings call in January, that overall position gives us confidence that we'll see some sustainability here. From a foundry/logic point of view when you look at the overall market, and there are puts and takes there. But we are pretty confident in the fact that foundry/logic looks like that it has sustainability as we move into the first half of the year, I don't see it changing. Obviously, quarter-to-quarter there's always fluctuation. But in general feel very good about the profile of that business as we move in the first half.
Rick Wallace: It's a great question. And the answer is, we're relatively new to this business. So about year and half year, very impressed with what the Orbotech team had been doing. And I think in conjunction with them, we're really working hard to make sure we have the right amount of investment to continue new products meeting customer needs. And I would say that they had great engagement and we've added that. And as a result, we're investing heavily in that business to make sure that we're meeting some of the emerging demand, the flex PCB and all the new substrates, all the things. This is the beginning, as you know, of the 5G. And we think there's a continued opportunity for system growth over time. So we're very bullish on what that team has done. And in combination, we think it's been a tremendous success so far and a lot of upside as we go forward. But like KLA businesses, it requires continued investment in new capabilities and we're doing that right now.
Rick Wallace: I wouldn't say softened. I mean the challenge that customers have with EUV print check is into new application, there are new algorithms. There’s new defects that they've got to run down and do source. And so there's a huge appetite to get that. In fact, we're getting a lot of pressure to get systems that were forecast delivered to support that. And there are additional algorithms, as I said, we're developing. So all the indications we see are an expanding opportunity for EUV print check and I think that will go for some time based on the early indications that we're getting.
Rick Wallace: Well, like I said, we're optimistic. We see some improvement in the December quarter, and I think that continues as we move into next year. So most of it coming from customers supporting 5G and handsets, we think that's probably the biggest driver. But it's pretty modest growth at these levels just given where the industry has been, but we're optimistic that we'll see growth as we move into next year.
