Bren Higgins: Yes so C.J. I think that as we look at, we look out right now I mean certainly over the course of the last part of the March quarter we did see a fair amount of churn with our customers in terms of capacity planning, really driven by some of the challenges associated with these technology transitions both in NAND and the foundry in logic side. So I think as we have worked through these plans and started to think about factory loading in terms of delivery dates and so on I think we feel like we will be able to make some progress on this and we will see some recovery in the order momentum, certainly around foundry and logic in the second half of the year. I think one of the sort of the upside factors in that relative to our more conservative outlook is that we would see broader based participation in sub-20 nanometer work in the second half of the year and I think if we see broader participation beyond the leaders then that could be something that could be a swing factor, we look at the second half of the year but right now as we look at it second half looks like it's probably up somewhere between 10% and 15% from an order perspective versus the first half of the year but we will have to see what it looks like when we get there, though as I said there has been fair amount of noise over the last month or so. So it certainly has us operating a little bit more cautiously as we look at this.
Bren Higgins: We did see some pickup in activity round 28, it was minimal. I mean one thing about a maturing node is, is we tend to see less process control intensity as the node matures and so we did see some activity there, we were kind of waiting for that for the last quarter or so and it wasn’t as much as we expected but we did see some there but I think as we look forward I see at least over the course of this year probably somewhere between 60% and 70% and what I expect to see in the foundry to be 16-14 centric. So very little 28, although there is probably going to be some but most of it is focused on 16-14 through the rest of the calendar year.
Bren Higgins: Well I think around the -- I mean certainly NAND flash weakness was something I think that was probably more industry specific. I mean from a DRAM perspective we expected memory to be down in the quarter and it was relatively consistent with our expectations I think around some of the conversion activity. Our level of participation given the lower process control intensity on memory was lower and so with that level of activity out there, there was a piece of that we obviously didn’t participate in. So it was about in-line with what we were thinking through the March quarter.
Bren Higgins: Yes so the shipment number I mean primarily it's lower because the bookings number, the midpoint of bookings was about 800 but came in at 700. So there was a lot of, there were some orders that we are expecting to ship that didn’t materialize. So in fact then we thought that shipments would be in excess of 800 and it's where we’re now at this 730 midpoint. As I said in the prepared comments, I think as we continue here I think September is flattish so without guiding it, as I look at it now given the expectations around bookings in the June quarter and how those will flow through in terms of impacting our shipments in September. I see sort of a flattish profile over the next six months if you will with picking back up in the December quarter.
Bren Higgins: I don’t know if we want to, we can size it I mean I think when you think about these transitions and how compelling they are I think from an end market perspective I think that some of the noise around how big 2014 is some of these rather significant projects actually start to shift into next year. So I think the way we’re looking at is given the strength of these transitions, I think the commitment from our customers towards them from the leading customers to the secondary customers I think everyone is very focused I think on investing to stay competitive in the business. So I think we think we have got a year or couples of years of CapEx growth in front of us but sizing it that I have hard enough time with June let alone thinking about 2015 but I think in terms of how we’re sizing the company and how we’re running the company is that we do expect the kind of business levels we’re seeing now and holding as we sort of move through into ’15. So operating in this $700 million - $800 million range, doesn’t mean you won't have some quarter-to-quarter volatility in there but generally operating in that level and I haven't seen anything to make me think otherwise at this point.
Bren Higgins: Well Mehdi, I think it is clear and if you go look from our FY ’11 through FY ’14, they were almost finished with year [ph] that we have been operating between 2.8 billion and 3.2 billion of revenue and so clearly from a historical perspective that is unique. I mean I think it's one of the issues as why we think the industry driven by the end markets has changed fundamentally that we don’t have the cyclicality that we used to have and you can have quarter-to-quarter volatility with even some debts because of customer consolidation if one customer turns on or off but at the end of the day it's still relatively less cyclical and frankly maybe a little bit more predictable over the long run. I mean I think it has changed and I think as we look at -- I think there are inflection points in the industry that can drive I think some growth but I think over, you know the area under the curve is much larger too right? Because you don’t have the volatility so you’re generating more aggregate revenue through a cycle and more aggregate obviously earnings and cash flow. So yes it's different and I think makes you know the quarter-to-quarter changes less relevant in terms of an indicator of something more broadly cyclical but I think overtime I think we can run the business more efficiently, we can generate more aggregate cash flow with less volatility. But the inflections will provide some opportunities for some relative revenue growth as well.
Bren Higgins: Well I think you know we’re operating with our operating model that we have had historically here so. I mean I think the challenge obviously in that scenario would be how do you improve your productivity and find cost offsets to maintain your spend levels in a consistent way. I mean overtime I think we have done a pretty good job with that certainly of inflections around program spending as you’re bringing new product to market. But in general I think it's what we have been doing historically but I think we just have to look for those opportunities and keep our focus operationally, just continue to deliver the kinds of operating margins that we have over the years.
Bren Higgins: No Mahesh, it's Bren, so we’re expecting obviously some recovery from foundry and logic but we’re expecting memory to improve in the second half as well. I think right now it seems later in the second half and as I said earlier I think that’s one of the swing factors in terms of actual CapEx or WFE growth in calendar ’14. You know as you think about the next phase of capacity adds, at the China NAND flash fab I mean right now we’re planning for those orders late in the year. If those were to pull in and those tools were to ship into revenue in December certainly that would have an impact on the WFE number. So right now I plan for those for some of those shipments out in early 2015 but I think as we have seen even over the last couple of months that our customers can be fairly fluid in terms of their plan. So we will see how that plays out but I expect a higher percentage of memory in the second half than we have in the first half.
Bren Higgins: I have to take to talk specifically about 20 given that it's a relatively very small number of people than (indiscernible). But I think that it is true mostly the investment we’re anticipating for the rest of the year is coming at sub20 nanometer investment on the memory and on the logic and foundry side. So that is true but that is the bulk of the investment we’re anticipating for the rest of the year.
Bren Higgins: Well I think it's right now I would say it's biased towards V-NAND but I think one of the things that I think to Rick’s point earlier I think depending on progress around improving yield reliability and cost around that node that you could see some of the bit growth get met by expanding NAND or planar capacity to support that but right now I’m thinking about it in terms of V-NAND but it certainly could change and I think there has been a fair amount of information publically recently that there are some challenges there including what Rick just talked about.
Rick Wallace: Yes, there is no change really in that plan. We actually ended up booking two of those systems in the March quarter and booked the third system about a week ago. So those are in backlog now but they won't ship until the early part of 2015. So that’s put a little bit of pressure on revenue through the second half of the year because that’s backlog that’s going to sit for a little while but given the customer we think it's very solid backlog and very consistent with our agreement with them in terms of lead time. So we expect those tools to ship in the early part of 2015.
Rick Wallace: Right. Here let me take a look at that for you, so looks like foundry is about 71% of June quarter, logic is 13% and memory 15% and of the memory mix 37% of that is NAND Flash. So back to after three fairly significant quarters from June through December of memory business we’re seeing something more similar to this 70-ish, 30-ish mix that going forward through here into 2014. 
Rick Wallace: Well we definitely see an increased intensity in memory as you scale and we have laid that out at SEMICON West and we’re continuing to see that trend play out. So we do see increased intensity both in memory either NAND or DRAM as we scale. So we have seen that that continues to hold and the investment continuing we will continue to see that kind of penetration off of our growth but as we said before overall the intensity in memory is lower for process control than there is in foundry or logic.
Rick Wallace: I think kind of (indiscernible) as kind of two functions from my perspective, one is it is a counter balance to the increase in cost of development that everybody is dealing with which is why of course people are driving that direction. The other thing that it certainly has done is created a much more rational market if you will in terms of guiding demand. So you’ve a customers are more careful and you don’t have multiple lines competing for the same business, so the other side of it would be if you had multiple players at FinFET all competing for the same end customer user business than what you result in as you do a lot of development and you built some tabs [ph] but you can’t fill them. So those rationalization actually I think makes the business more predictable over the long term and as a natural consequence is increase in complexity and cost. So from a planning perspective you generally favor it, what it does mean is you won't see as many spikes in demand but as we know from the past those are often meant by crashes once the capacity gets online and there is not a market for it. So overall I think it's the reality, I think that it's not a surprise. The increasing intensity of the process control makes a lot of opportunities for us and I just think what it does it reduce the volatility but in the end it's probably the same aggregate investment, it's rationalize over time.
Rick Wallace: Well I think you’re down almost, you’re not quite to a prime number of players but you’re getting close. I mean they aren’t that many people left who are advanced development on 1x design and I think that as you go forward you are pretty much down to handful and in both memory and in logic and I don’t think there is a lot more room for consolidation of prospects. There are industry consortiums where people do pretty competitive work that have been going on for a while to provide some very front end but still when it comes to process integration I think you’re down to just a handful at this point.
Rick Wallace: I would say at this point no. I would think momentum since our last call has cooled on 3D NAND, you still obviously have a leader in it but I think the other players are in development but I would say right now it's kind of slowdown in terms of active plans to drive to production and we’re not forecasting it in this calendar year.
Rick Wallace: Yes, some of our forecast is baked into the second half of the year, has some early development work around 10 nanometer beyond what we have already booked on the mass inspection side. So again I think it's part of the second half thesis but obviously it's I think dependent on how progression through the current node focus and as we get to 10 nanometer we will see if that schedule holds but right now we do have some activity forecasted for that.
Rick Wallace: Well I will actually turn it back to Bren because he has got the specific numbers but for example for calendar ’14 when we modeled this year it depends on where you think WFE lands in terms of overall but we do expect to outperform the market for the year and Bren maybe you can walk through the numbers there.
Rick Wallace: But to your point let’s assume that there was an ongoing the market stayed flat, WFE stayed flat, the percent of process control stayed flat or went up slightly and we held market share. Then what you will be left with is growth in services which are actually continue to grow overtime but we don’t anticipate it will be flat, we think there are opportunities for process control that continue to increase as a percent but it's, we don’t see it doubling, it's not going to go from 15% to 30% but based on what we have seen overtime we do see some opportunities for that to drive growth and then you also get growth in services and as Bren says, our operational efficiency keeps improving over time as we drive the revenue with pretty effective utilization of our resources.
Rick Wallace: It's too soon to really say, I mean it depends on if they are scaling, how much they are scaling a planar. If they are not scaling then it doesn’t really, you know you go back the intensity but if they are scaling the planar there is a lot of opportunity there. The challenge has been with scaling planar is some of the technologies associated with that. There is less process control in margin in there and so you need more process control but the truth is we’re very early in the 3D NAND to know exactly what process control intensity is going to be until somebody has gone through a real ramp of it and arguably you would say more than one player because the characteristics are usually different for different players ramping. So I would say it's early but our model say that they are not that different if they are similar kind of performance expectation and device. They are different technologies but the intensity is probably pretty comparable.
Rick Wallace: No I haven't seen any change in the competitive environment over there. I mean there is always a push by customers to get the most value that they can for their investment but if anything the thing that’s driving some of the pause is related to solving very hard problems and if anything we’re seeing more push on us providing more support and capability to our debugging some of these processes. So while I haven't seen a change negatively I would argue that we’re in some cases being relied on more heavily to debug.
