Richard P. Wallace: Okay. Thank you, Mark. At this point, we'd like to open up the call to Q&A and we do once again request that you limit yourself to one question given the limited time we have for today's call. Feel free to re-queue for your follow-up your questions and we'll do our best to give everyone a chance for follow-ups in today's call as time permits. So Amanda, we're ready for your first question.
Richard P. Wallace: Satya, yes, it's Rick. Memory forecast is not that different, percentage-wise. We think probably about 17% of orders is what we're currently looking at. Logic, down a little, 15% off of the 20% for the quarter we just finished. And it looks like foundry would be about 68%. So that's how we're currently modeling it, not a big change. As far as the rest of the year, and it's very hard, we don't guide out for the December quarter, but we do see the overall picture softening, as we said in our guide, for the September quarter and then we'd expect some resumed investment coming back in the December quarter as we talked at SEMICON West.
Richard P. Wallace: Yes, the ending backlog, C.J., was $1.2 billion, about $300 million in revenue backlog and about $900-million-plus in shipped backlog. And if I could just scroll forward to see what the deferred revenue was, the ending position in deferred revenue, well there's about $150 million deferred systems profit, which is a netted down number. You can probably gross that up against our average gross margins and figure that there's at least $450 million to $500 million in, if you will, true deferred revenue related to systems business. That's a rough approximation.
Richard P. Wallace: Raj, that's a good question. I wouldn't -- history would not necessarily play that out. I do think it's a function of experience on advanced nodes. I think it's a function of the exact process people are running and the experience they've had with prior nodes but we have seen more variation, I would say, across different companies in terms of intensity than you might expect given the notion that the first guy might trail-blaze it. It just hasn't worked that way. And in some cases, you get followers later in the cycle that invest more heavily, and there are dependencies on process, which do change. And philosophy, frankly, there are some customers that might orient themselves more toward a certain kind of inspection tool based on the philosophy that they have. And the result varies as we go across the board. And even from customers from cycle to cycle, it can vary, too, the same players.
Richard P. Wallace: Well, I think that it's always hard to predict as we look out, because as you know, we're subject to many factors, not the least of which is uncertainty in the macro environment, which does influence our customer's behaviors. But relative to the technology, I think a lot of confidence that the investment that we saw in 28 will be followed with increased investment on 20 and we get that from 2 ways: one, when we look at the process itself and identify the exact number of inspection points and the tools that will be needed and the throughputs associated with those and how we model the factory, we do a pretty good job of modeling that. But we also have some experience now on 20 and even sub-20 of what people are seeing in their comfort level with the information that they have and how they're pushing us for later generation tools. So exact timing is always hard to predict in this industry as you know, but we're certainly seeing early indications on 20 that we think there'll be a lot of pressure on the inspection and measurement space in terms of opportunity and installation at increased number of layers with increasing complex -- complexity in their process and in our tools. I can't speak to the exact timing, but even in historically slow periods, our customers tend to move forward on technology.
Richard P. Wallace: Right. We updated our guide for the year for CapEx, was I think many people had going in to West or prior to that, the last update was flattish. And I think along with others, what you'd now see us modeling the year to be down 10% to 15%. We, however, will outperform that as we model our revenue going forward, which is really the right metric against industry CapEx. And so we anticipate, given our view of the quarter we just guided and in general, the overall expectations for the year that, that will continue. As to whether it's gotten worse since SEMICON West, I don't think so. I think it's in line with what we saw. There were many -- and what came up with this down 10% to 15% were -- have been, I guess, further confirmation of that. But on the other hand, there has been increased conversation about '13, which has been more positive. So I feel reasonably confident that what we're seeing is a softening or a pause and we'll see resumed growth. I think the caveat in all this, the obvious caveat is the macro, which nobody really has a good way to predict at this point.
Richard P. Wallace: I think if you look at some of the material we talked about in SEMICON West, we gave an example of our leading edge brightfield tool, the 29xx, which we were seeing ramping up in the first 4 quarters, approximately 3x the revenue of the prior 4 quarters compare for the prior generation. And you know, really that was an example in the inspection space. We have seen similar -- a better way [ph] for a similar push on new technology. I think that the other end of the spectrum is on metrology and a good example there would be what happened with our overlay tool, the one the optical metrology Archer tool, and that has really had strong demand for that and we have a very strong position in that product line. That's driven heavily by multi-patterning. I think an area where you've seen less performance in general would be in an area like reticle inspection, and that has been driven largely by the fact that there's a lot of capability when we introduced our latest generation. We really have served that market well with that product. But due to the -- its capability and capacity, we have not seen subsequent demand increasing in line with what we've seen for the tools that are directly in the fab line. The other area I would say has been slower, has been associated with directly with wafer manufacturing, where wafer guys went through a heavy investment phase and are -- still have still not worked off all the capacity that they had. So in that area, we are more like people that are selling directly into -- associated with the process equipment in terms of ramping with capacity. So our strength has really been in the product lines that are more tied to the complexity of manufacturing process directly and less with things like reticle and bare wafer.
Richard P. Wallace: Well, that's a good question. I'd say that at this point, probably 75% are associated with 28, maybe 80% 28 and some is on the -- the rest would be on the development associated with 20. But there is somewhat of a blurring in that because there -- it is true that they might buy them for 20-nanometer development, but be utilizing them in 28. But I'd say right now, we're probably somewhere along that split.
Richard P. Wallace: Well, I think that the mix certainly, being in foundry and having a strong footprint of foundry has been a good place to be, and I believe will be a good place to be as we go forward. Also, we're strong in logic, the place where we had struggled would be in the place that's not been investing heavily and where we have not performed as well. Although we have very strong indications, technology buys and memory are -- will come our way when they happen. I do think there's been some share gain in some product lines in particular like in medium review [ph] where we've brought on really a strong product line and I think clearly have the best product in the market today. We're definitely seeing benefit from that. So I think it's a combination. But I would say, 70% associated with the fact that our core business in foundry continues to expand through adoption and then maybe 30% of our gains have been associated with market share.
Richard P. Wallace: Not as much. And partly is, a lot of those design rules are not -- they're not as advanced. And so part of what you get away with multi-patterning is, you don't push as much on the very leading edge. So we do have capacity with 6xx. And part of the capabilities of 6xx has been EUV-related and there are some customers that purchased for that, and that development has been slower than our customers anticipated. So there's just been less in terms of EUV. But, no, the -- most of the benefit of multi- patterning goes towards our overlay business as opposed to toward our reticle business.
Richard P. Wallace: I think that there's no question that right now, most of the energy is focused, as you said, on power and throughput and getting the run rate of the EUV scanners up. There is progress that's been made, but of course a lot more progress has to go. I have been saying for some period of time that I think then we will get into the next challenge, which is contamination-related in the entire sense, not just what happens in the reticle but the entire system. And there's going to be a lot of work to do there But frankly, right now, it's kind of hard. You have to do one before the other. And I think that there is going to be a learning curve associated with it, which is why I do think that the production volume of EUV will be delayed as a result of some of those challenges, the technical challenges. But I -- there's nothing, showstopper-wise, that I have heard of anyone seeing on the contamination work, which is a lot of work, and I don't want to minimize it by saying it's just engineering, but there's a lot of work that has to go into it because I think the more fundamental challenge is going to be associated with power. We do expect the reticle opportunity to be significant, but at this point delayed because of the challenges with ramping EUV.
Richard P. Wallace: Yes, I wouldn't want to drive a trend line through 2 points. I'd take it back to December last year where we missed wildly on the other side. We were up 85% and we guided way under that. I think it speaks a little bit more to the challenge associated when you have, maybe to your point, you have a smaller number of customers. And I think in many cases, they don't even know and so they make decisions very late in the process as they are moving things around to try to figure out where they have needs and what the time frame is for those needs. So I wouldn't draw any conclusions where we back up from and look at how are we doing relative to the overall industry and we're pretty happy with our performance. I would say it is true. If you want to find an area of criticism, our forecasting accuracy is not very good, but we also don't think it's an area that is of particular value in terms of long-term success with the company. So we don't tend to run it on our ability to accurately forecast. We're still building backlog and we're still supporting the needs of our next-generation products and customers.
Richard P. Wallace: Well, we anticipate a strengthening out of September for a couple of reasons. One, this is an area we do have some history on. As 8 out of 10 years, we do tend to see a softening in the September quarter followed by strength in December. And then as we talk with our customers, there seems to be a narrative around the overall industry dynamic that would support that, that we would see increase. And if you go back to last year, that was when we had -- we finished the second half of the year basically where we thought, but certainly not how we thought in terms of September, is very soft followed by an outstanding quarter in December. So it's those trends, and then we just -- you do bottoms up and you see all the projects that are on the books and what people are talking about. And that's kind of how it works out for us.
Richard P. Wallace: Satya, just to add a little color for you. Mark did allude to and said that we did have some de-bookings, if you will. And your question on that, I'll tell you what -- how that works, is one of the -- it's related to EUV because some of the capability we have for EUV, as I've mentioned before on blank, is in our Teron tools. And when a tool delivery gets pushed out beyond the 12-month horizon even though there's customer interest in demand and a desire to get it, we then take it out of the system. And that's what we saw and that's a fairly sizable -- we're very confident the customer wants it, but frankly, based on their initial modeling and demand for EUV and what they're seeing now, they don't feel compelled to get additional capacity. They already have some capacity. But the EUV ramp is going slower than they anticipated, so as a result, we make an adjustment, and that's part of what the change in backlog by the gross bookings and the net bookings were different. So that there's this specific example on a delay we're seeing in our customers on EUV.
Richard P. Wallace: Well, Patrick, as we said, we have enough trouble guiding 1 quarter, let alone 2. But that being said, I don't think that's an unfair way to characterize it. But I might've said that a year ago and been very wrong on December. It very much goes to our customers' behavior around our equipment tends to be more volatile than it might be about process equipment because of their perceived need.
Richard P. Wallace: Yes, a great question. We have a business there where we're seeing good performance out of that. That's in the business we acquired a few years ago, ICOS, where we do participate in that business and we have seen some strength recently, and I think there is some good opportunity for that for us going forward. There are some other opportunities, technology-wise, that are under investigation where there are technical challenge, but it's not as evident as if they provide a really sustained business opportunities for us such in things like TSV for inspection and measurement. But definitely, in general around packaging, we have good performance there.
Richard P. Wallace: Well, thank you, Amanda. And we'd like to thank everyone for joining us this afternoon and for your continued interest in KLA-Tencor.
Mark P. Dentinger: Terence, it does have that feeling. It does look pretty similar. I think it is perhaps for different causes, but a similar sense of headwinds that are causing, I think, the pause that we're seeing from our customer base. Whether that will result in any shortages, it's very hard to tell. I can say that as our customers work on 28, they haven't made progress. They haven't made it as fast as they'd hoped, and there are plenty more challenges. And the early look at 20, makes it look even more challenging than what they experienced in 28. So I don't know if it will create shortages or not, but I do see some conservative behavior on our customer base in the short term.
Mark P. Dentinger: Yes. Satya, I can take the question on the revenue guidance for September. You actually have to go deal by deal, and I would emphasize that, what the business emphasis inside the company is getting orders in, getting the orders shipped, getting installations done and making sure that the customer's set with the tool. And once we get all of those things done, the revenue recognition process moves to a different side of the house, including the finance side of the house, and goes through customer acceptance, sign-offs and another set of processes, which doesn't always follow necessarily linearly the booking and the shipment rhythm of the company. It's close, so if you look at it over a long period of time, sooner or later, the revenue passes through the system. But it is, I would emphasize, it is a different process and you can't necessarily draw those correlations, at least very, very tightly quarter-to-quarter. So we go through and basically do a bottoms up forecast. We know what we've taken in for orders over the last 2 to 3 quarters. We know what is shipped over the last 1 to 2 quarters, and we take all of that information and go on a case-by-case basis, what do we expect to turn to revenue, but the exact timing of when it turns to revenue is a function of when the customer does his final sign-off and so on and so forth. So I wouldn't read too much into it. But the revenue range that we did give, it's a penciled-out detail analysis of exactly what we think will turn in September. And by the way, as you know, because some of the average selling prices of our tools are pretty big, a few going either way can change the outcome.
Mark P. Dentinger: And you can do the backwards math, that for the selling price of the tool, that's about most of the adjustment in the backlog.
