Rick Wallace: Hi, C.J. It's Rick. Yeah, I'll take those and maybe Mark can chime in, too. You know, we look at the overall demand picture to start with that and the midpoint of our guide for bookings for September is 825, as you know, and if you look out to what would have to be to be equal to first half of the year, we would need 775 and as you know, December historically has been up from September. This might not be an ordinary cycle. We don't know, but we do see a lot of projects out there, more than we've seen in the past, probably 13 or 14 new fabs being built and a lot of opportunity out there. So we continue to – to be bullish on ramping shipments to support that. You know with all the expectations in 2011 we’ll continue to see strong demand across the board. As you say, this is a very broad bookings picture, so from our perspective it looks pretty good and overall top level forecast for 2011 are positive as well.
Rick Wallace: I think so. You know, right now, of course, it's being balanced against the very dramatic increase in the core, but, you know, the annual run rate of that business is probably running on the order of $250 million and if you think about the growth rates inherent and the long term secular growth rates of the markets we're serving there, they're actually pretty good growth rates. So I think that the possibility of that increasing in 2011 is pretty high. That's certainly how we're planning it. We have good share in those markets. We're making investments. We'll have new products coming out and there certainly is a lot of customer demand there.
Rick Wallace: Yeah, Jim. It's a great question. I think the only way we really can do it is with the math of our numbers, comparing our numbers to WFD and then the top down numbers looking at what we think process control is of the overall market and we certainly see process control going up and we're pretty convinced as a percentage overall, but lastly, you know, the thing that I think the best number to look at if you want to see how we're doing competitively is look at our gross margin.
Rick Wallace: You know, right now we really don't see any near term pause. I think you do point out there were more players, but I think we – it is important to remember that in the last cycle foundry largely wasn't investing very heavily and you had a lot of IDMs that went out of the market that weren't building fabs and that CapEx just kind of disappeared. What's happening now is it's showing up in the form of these foundries and so I think that the growth in foundries has some legs to it based on the fact that there are more opportunities to pick up more orders from the people that are no longer building fabs and we really didn't see that in the past. The other factor is from a capital intensity perspective, obviously KLA think what does very well when it comes to serving foundries because our products really support their particular business model extremely well. So we think it's a good story for foundries and a good story for KLA-Tencor.
Rick Wallace: No, it's funny actually quite the opposite. We had some – I would say a few weeks ago we heard some pauses that have turned right back into accelerated requests for demand. So I would say it's actually swung the other way.
Rick Wallace: Sure, Krish. Let me start with that. We look at memory – September forecast we were at 38% and we think we're probably similar range, maybe a little down, maybe a third of our bookings coming out of memory, so we would say 33% and we would say most of that will be DRAMs and NAND maybe a quarter of that 20, 25% somewhere in there. Logic down from 21% down to probably about 12% and foundry actually we do see an increase in our September numbers to in the 50, 55% range. Non-semi should pick up and be a greater percent of our overall book and that was about 6% and we see that going closer to 9% in September.Krish Sankar – Banc of America: t:
Rick Wallace: I can't think of any. I think there are Japanese competitors that have been around the business for many, many years but none come to mind in the core businesses that we serve. You know, I think that many of these Japanese companies stay in these markets for a long time, but we certainly have not seen any change in behavior.Krish Sankar – Banc of America: Okay, and then the final question is what do you think is process control as a percentage of WFD today? Thank you.
Rick Wallace: We monitor that pretty closely. I think if you look, reasonable numbers out of Gartner around 14%. We think that's got the possibility to grow maybe up to 15% consistent with the thesis that we have had that the increasing complexity is driving the need for increased process control and certainly based on the strength of our bookings, we see that trend developing.Krish Sankar – Banc of America: Thanks, Rick.
Rick Wallace: There has been some increase. I would say that it was a long dry period for the wafer guys. I think pretty clearly they built in anticipation in the last cycle of gaining share and so there was an overcapacity that had to be – we had to catch up to. I think we've caught up to that. Mainly what I would say we have seen in the first part of this calendar year was associated with some technology and maybe market share wins among them and now what we're seeing is a broader level of commitment toward a capacity increases. So we think that's probably in the second half of the calendar year, but not robust, not at the levels certainly that it was at back in the last cycle, but that should – you know, I think they're being more cautious is the other part of that equation, but I think we'll see more demand as we go out into 2011.
Rick Wallace: We're forecasting about 9% of our business in the September quarter out of it and I think from my standpoint that's pretty meaningful for us and I think that if you look for an annualized run rate, if it's $250 million going up, that's pretty important and it's really pretty balanced. I mean, we do see from our standpoint, we see business in the back end in packaging which is new for us and a lot of change going on there. We see high brightness LED being a positive and we're a market leader in the solar space. So I think really the combination of those plus the work we do in storage are all contributing to our growth.
Rick Wallace: Yeah. It's really hard to say. I mean these kind of come in projects – from our standpoint it's really not so much about the split in technology between NAND and DRAM for us, unlike for some process equipment companies I think it's more specific to which company is in which investment phase, but we do expect to see increased levels of NAND as we go forward based on some of the projects that are on the books that just happened to be NAND, but you're right that, you know, it's reasonably heavily DRAMs, at this point, we think those numbers will balance more as we go forward.
Rick Wallace: No. I think that’s – you know, those are work in progress. I think it's still pinned to the CapEx forecast for next year. We see some major foundries are increasing their overall level of commitment and new fab is going to be built in 2011. We probably won't see orders for those until late in the calendar year at the earliest I think, but there are build-outs of existing facilities before that.
Rick Wallace: Right, so the overall demand for Reticle is driven by two things by two things; one I think that the most fundamental is we have a new product in the market that is gaining wide acceptance and that’s the Teron product line and I think a lot of the customers have been waiting to get their – to get to see that and a lot of times our Reticle inspection business once a new product comes out then it becomes a must have across the board and we see it both – often show up in that shops first, and then it will show up later depending on the fab lines, but we are also selling 5XX in the fab lines mostly now. And I think most of it has been oriented towards the (inaudible) guys at this point, some merchant business but probably a little bit more towards captive at this point.
Rick Wallace: Sure, Jagadish, good questions. The range guide – we try to put in what we think is reasonable. While it is true there's tightness out there, there is a lot of volatility and, of course, as I'm sure you know, we end up wanting to make sure that we optimize the business we have with our customers and so we don't want to tighten that range because you wouldn't want a particular customer to feel like they had additional leverage as to placing an order within the quarter. So we try to keep that range reflecting what we think as the normal volatility in the market. So I think that from that standpoint that kind of explains it. And the second question was on metrology. We did see some increase in share. We also saw penetration of metrology associated with increasing capacity and metrology perhaps is more directly aligned to some of the capacity buys and, you know, we've definitely benefited from that growth. Metrology is a market which has inherently a lot of growth because there's so many more materials that need to be measured and in the case of overlay there is a lots of litho challenges in the films may affect so that's why we think we saw that run up and we expect the metrology as a percent to actually see some more improvement as we go forward to September as a percent of our total order book.
Rick Wallace: Predominantly foundry. I mean it's predominantly foundry. There's some memory activity that ebbs and flows and we're seeing a lot of interest in memory and I think that we're in different conversations now with some of the memory guys who have gotten very serious about – but foundry definitely is where we saw a more significant snapback.
