Bren Higgins: Harlan, thanks for the compliment. On -- overall, from a bookings point of view, look, the customers are still moving things around in terms of backlog and slotting. There was some scrubbing in the quarter of some adjustments, fairly minor, in our overall backlog in our RPO number, which you'll see, which is the remaining performance obligations, you'll see in our 10-Q filing that we'll do in the next day or so, came down about $600 million. So that implies that the book-to-bill was a little bit less than 1, and then there were some adjustments overall. But some timidity in scheduling, but just over the prepared remarks, we do see a stabilization around these levels as we look out over the next few quarters. 
Bren Higgins: Yes. It's a great question, Harlan. And certainly, over the last few months, we've seen a shift in our expectations for that business. It tends to be short lead time and very consumer sensitive, if you will. And so as the consumer markets have yet to really recover, we were expecting to see a bounce back in the second half. And while I expect the second half to be a little bit stronger than the first half -- and this is really regarding the PCB business, flat panel business and the ICOS component inspection business because SPTS has a different profile, I'll talk about that in a second. But in those businesses, we expect it to increase and improve modestly into the second half, but that we're likely to -- in that segment that will -- it will be a decline year-over-year that's more than what we expect out of the WFE-centric businesses. SPTS on the other hand, has had a nice growth trajectory. We had a strong year last year and would expect to see that business be somewhere flat, maybe modestly up this year. It is very exposed to the automotive market, specifically around power semiconductors and some of the new specialty substrates. And so there are opportunities for us there. We're pretty pleased with how we're -- how that business is progressing here despite the weakness overall in WFE. 
Bren Higgins: Yes, C.J., in the overall business, we're seeing more strength than we had expected originally in the legacy parts of the market, so greater than 28-nanometer, and that's a global statement. China is also stronger in terms of expectations there from a legacy point of view. So while we've seen some adjustments in the leading-edge expectations, we've seen some strengthening overall legacy. So obviously, there are some error bars around these percentages as we look out from the March quarter. But that's really what's driving our outlook here. 
Bren Higgins: So over the course of the -- if we just take an annual perspective and think about it, I would say the silicon wafer part is probably -- and this is an estimate, probably about 20% to 25% of it. So the other thing [indiscernible] on optical inspection. You asked about lead times of our -- on optical inspection. I'm sorry, I left that out of your -- the first part of your question. So lead times are -- on optical inspection are still pretty long. There hasn't really been a change there as we are adding new capacity to support demand. Customers are still investing in their technology road maps, and that product is pretty essential to that. And so we continue to see an environment where demand is outpacing supply. So in and down, WFE market, I expect the high-end optical inspection to grow this year given those dynamics. 
Bren Higgins: Sure. It's a good question. If you look at the March quarter, it was pretty low, right, at 14%. So -- and I look back -- and you go back in any of our recent history hasn't been that low really ever. So -- and even as you see it progress through the year into the guidance, sort of the 23% that we talked about in June and -- even as it sort of stays in that range as you move through the second half of the -- for the year, it's still -- while second half might be a little bit stronger than the first half, given how low the first half was, it's still pretty low overall in terms of our forecast and expectations. And there's some wildcards around how customers ultimately spend. We tend to be more technology-centric, and so there's still a road map investments that's happening that we're participating in. There's also some opportunities related to the clarification of some of the export controls and what that means in terms of some incremental opportunities to support some of the older generation memory devices in China. And so that clarification that we received from the government will enable the second half shipments. And so that's in our outlook as well. 
Bren Higgins: Yes. Krish, so we expect to be somewhere greater than $200 million in terms of the opportunity in the second half. And we're working with the customer to make sure that we have what we need to be able to support that activity. But that's how we're sizing it right now overall. So look, I think on the technology question is that not everyone is at the leading edge. And so there's activity that's happening in legacy markets, and there's some market opportunities out there from an end market point of view to support some of these investments. So that's what's driving that investment. And like I said, we see it somewhere in that couple of hundred million range. 
Bren Higgins: Yes. And for the Semi PC part of the business, given the reduction or the softening in the industry environment, some [indiscernible] capacity, the dynamics around the memory business that people have already asked about, I wouldn't expect Service to grow in line with the long-run target of 12% to 14%. As we said last quarter, we see it somewhere in the mid- to high single-digit growth rate this year, obviously some headwinds from the export controls as a factor in that.  But still growth, to Rick's point. And on the EPC side, the EPC side, probably flat, maybe modestly up a little bit. Service business behaves a little bit differently. There are some long-term opportunities for us to try to drive that business over time given our global footprint. That's obviously a longer-term play. But the Service business generally is not declining, but not growing a lot this year. 
Bren Higgins: Never came out. Because it was a clarification issue, so we were -- as I've said in prior quarters, until we had certainty, we weren't going to scrub out anything out of our backlog. In this case, we required a clarification. And so until we have certainty, we left things in. So no change from that point of view. 
Bren Higgins: Yes. I think the last couple of quarters, we've had some meaningful adjustments from what we were driving the company to the current demand levels. And if you recall back in '21 and '22 given the supply chain shortages that were out there, we were making fairly significant commitments in our supply chain that in a lot of ways, drove the performance that we saw in '21 and '22 from a growth point of view, and particularly from a relative growth point of view.  So as we've had to adjust down to different demand levels at a fairly quick pace, it has driven some incremental reserves related to just excess supply. So what I would expect, well, in this happening is, over time, as we see a meaningful resumption in demand given the extendibility and lifetime of our platforms, the strength of our Service business will ultimately consume those parts. It's not like you throw the parts away. It's just you have more than you need for the demand window in terms of how you see the assessment. So on a go-forward basis, I expect it to normalize and not be an issue for us. EPC was a bit of a surprise, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks this quarter. And that was really driven by just this weakening overall expectation into the second half that we previously thought we'd see stronger demand. But we think that we've adjusted now and so the impact moving forward, assuming the outlook that we provided normalizes and isn't an incremental factor one way or the other. 
Bren Higgins: Well, it's hard enough for us to get the clarification. I think for them, that's -- they're working on the same thing as getting clarification on exactly what they'll be able to do. So I think there -- they have conversations with us, but frankly, the discussions they're having that matter the most to them are not with us. We're able to support them no matter which way that goes. But I think that's something they're all working through. And there's some stuff in the press about it, but you can imagine that there's a fair amount of anxiousness around that. 
Bren Higgins: Tim, I'm not -- we do this every quarter. I'm not going to guide the individual segments, but your math is reasonable. And again, with our comments around stabilized, it's plus or minus relative to the current business levels. But that's how we see things moving forward now. In terms of your -- and we talked about this a little bit over the last number of months is that we felt pretty confident about our ability to maintain our share of WFE that there were drivers in terms of as we look at '23 and you see customers continuing to invest in their road maps.  Particular product lines that are inflecting some of the fastest-growing product lines and overall WFE would be factors for growth for us. Our exposure to the bare silicon or the silicon wafer industry is a driver of WFE that we're exposed to that others aren't. The infrastructure investment that's happening in China from a wafer and reticle point of view is also an inflection point. I think what's exposed to export controls overall as a percent of the total for us is a little bit lower than some of the other peers. And then finally, we're seeing a very strong share performance overall, as we talked about in the prepared remarks. So when you add all that up -- and share is also important because in a downturn when budgets are limited, customers tend to buy best of breed, and that tends to play to KLA's favor as well. So when you add all that up, as I've been saying for a number of months, I feel pretty confident that despite all the adjustments out there that folks were making in deferred revenue and partial shipments and all those kinds of dynamics that we're adding some confusion overall that we feel pretty comfortable about our ability to maintain our share of the overall market.  Process control intensity stronger in a foundry/logic environment and certainly more of the WFE spend is there. And so that's always a factor for us in any downturn. And why -- typically in down WFE years, KLA has, I think we might go back even decades, we've always outperformed the market in down years. So I think there's a number of factors that's contributing to it. 
Bren Higgins: Yes. We're a little -- Tim, we're in April. It's an estimate, an approximation at plus or minus around 77 -- or $75 billion is a way to think about it at this point. So we don't put a lot of extra effort. We focus a lot on running our own business and executing this one. We just try to do what we can to do an assessment of the overall market, and we'll share that with you. But there are a lot of moving parts, right? We'll get some clarity in terms of ultimately what that impact is. I sized it. Could it be more, could be less? Perhaps, but just overall -- and I think the other factor that could impact this year is just some of the construction dynamics where facilities are being built. And when customers actually receive tools, if you have delays in construction schedules that could affect what shows up when, and there's a number of greenfield projects that are out there. So a lot of moving parts in it, but we're comfortable with the plus or minus $75 billion, and we'll firm it up as we go here. 
Bren Higgins: Yes, Sidney, we just did $2.432 billion, right, in -- or $2.433 billion in the March quarter. And so the commentary was focused on current business levels at $2.25 billion. So it might put a little bit of pressure on the second half from a half-to-half point of view. But we are talking about kind of low single digit, low to mid-single digit given that guidance.  And again, we're not guiding the second half. We're just giving a view of this stabilization here. So it's possible, right? It will be close. But I think just given the strength of the March quarter, that it would -- if you end up with roughly the same numbers in the second half, you might be half to half down modestly. 
Bren Higgins: Well, look, Toshiya, we -- process control intensity has been very strong for the reasons you talked about, if you think about the number of design starts and what that means in terms of our customers managing a number of different designs that test design rules in different ways and then having to deliver yielded wafers in fairly tight market windows. It all drives a higher level of inspection and metrology.  You also have different process flows and process points that are expected to. So those are all -- have been drivers for process control. As the design starts at the previous node, it was also a factor. And then new tech, right, new tech with the introduction of more EUV to drive scaling but also more layers here moving forward. So those are all positives for us. Also depending on the mix of the revenue, die size is also a factor.  So if you end up with exposure to markets with larger die, you put more risk with the same defect density, so that creates a driver for process control as well. So there are a number of factors. We feel pretty -- if you just back up and look at the overall share of the market as it relates to foundry/logic, we've seen an inflection here, and we think that we can sustain that inflection as we move forward. 
Bren Higgins: Yes. Most of the reticle infrastructure -- new infrastructure is being added in China to support legacy activity, and that's probably a driver of an incremental couple of hundred million or so of revenue for us. Overall wafer -- and I'm separating this way because I don't want to double count. But overall, wafer should grow meaningfully this year compared to last year.  And it's a pretty sizable business for KLA. So I don't want to -- we haven't broken it out before, but we're an expensive or a big part of the CapEx for wafer suppliers, and we would expect to see that growing this year. 
Bren Higgins: The utilization rates have clearly come down, particularly in the memory space. It seems like they are fairly stable at this point. We don't see them continuing to decline from where they are. So -- and that's why we see the overall revenue because customers are not running the tools to start or in some cases, idling capacity. So you don't have the opportunities -- the Service opportunities we would have in a higher utilization environment.  So that's what's driving the overall growth rate down from what a normalized or our trend line expectation is. But we're not seeing it really getting worse at this point, and there are pockets from time to time of improvement. So I think it's -- stabilization is the right word is why we chose to use it, but it feels like that's really what we're seeing today. 
Bren Higgins: Well, so it's declining less. It's not growing. It's really just declining less in terms of the overall outlook. I mean for KLA, if you just thought about what's less than 28 nanometers versus what's above in our mix profile, you have about 60% of our revenue is we'll call it less than 28-nanometer, and so about 40% of it is above. And then normally, it's closer to 75% leading, 25% lagging, so to give you a sense of it being a bigger part of our mix this quarter. And it's broad-based. And certainly, China is a pretty big factor in and all, but you also have a fair amount of revenue growth, the analog guys and supporting some of the automotive markets, sensor investment, some industrial markets and so on. So that's -- there's steady investment in these end markets where semiconductor content is rising, and so you're seeing more investment in those areas that we frankly didn't ship a lot into over the last couple of years given the strength of demand at the leading edge.  And our largest customers, given the supply-demand imbalance taking most of the slots. So in some ways, as we've seen the leading edge adjust, and this is a logic and memory statement, we've seen some adjustments in our largest customers over the last 6 months or so and into this year, some of that capacity is getting consumed by folks that wanted earlier slots, and we weren't able to deliver to them. 
Bren Higgins: Yes, Mehdi, I mean, one of the things -- and this ties back to the rising share of WFE that we've seen over the last couple of years is that we're gaining share of the overall market, so we should be able to do more revenue with lower WFE levels as that sustains. Now there are mix dynamics and other factors that affect it. But given the dynamics that have driven and we believe there's a fair amount of sustainability to it.  There are new products that we believe can continue to solve problems for customers. We have exposure to markets that are inflecting and are pretty critical to the scaling road maps out there. So -- and our share, we improved share by almost 300 basis points. And that's a lot in 1 year. We talked a lot about 0.5 point to 1 point a year in terms of our objectives. But we do think that, that is a clear indicator of the differentiation that we have.  And if we're able to be successful with some of the new products that are coming and the mix generally stays as we talked about at our Investor Day of 60-ish percent foundry/logic in terms of overall mix of WFE, that there's an opportunity for us to continue to grow our share opportunity. 
Bren Higgins: Well, as Rick said earlier, this is nothing new that customers are always looking to optimize their capacity, given what this equipment cost and the amount of investment they're making, they're always looking to do that. And there are certain product types where there are -- there's more opportunity than others. It was easy for customers to reuse capacity when they only had a very limited number of designs and no major technology drivers.  But as you look out going forward, given scaling dynamics and increase in EUV layers, I think that there's a technology element that will drive our customers to continue to upgrade their capabilities. But I am sure they will look for opportunities. If in the long run, they believe that there's a sustainable drop in the wafer start requirement to try to relocate that capacity or try to reuse it.  You can't move it overnight, right, particularly if you're moving it to a different facility. These tools have to be disassembled, they have to be shipped and reassembled and then calibrated and brought up. So those tend to be longer-term decisions. So structurally, they have to feel pretty good about the longer-term setup for that fab or at that node to move the equipment. What they typically do in the short run is they idle capacity if they don't need it for a period of time, but with an expectation that it will come back online. And given the design start environment at 7 and 5, it's really -- there's still a fair amount of designs out there that is just volumes are low. So we'll see how it plays out. But nothing new. And as Rick said, it's modeled in our view of growth in KLA opportunity moving forward. 
Richard Wallace: Yes. Just to add to that, if you look at the business that we have, it's more tied to capacity and memory, that's not really showing up. What's showing up, as Bren said, is more on technology. So even as those customers or not -- or even have a low utilization, not adding capacity, they are very motivated to continue to work on technology development that plays to -- as Bren said, it's a relatively small number, but there's some stability in that. 
Richard Wallace: Yes. Obviously, just to start off with the obvious, we don't have a lot of visibility into next year. But we can tell you about the conversations we're having with customers, which have to do a lot with their view that things are kind of stabilizing at this level for the most part. And in some cases, it's because things are down quite a bit, but there's a lot of activity still in, for example, advanced logic nodes or advanced foundry nodes, of design starts and a lot of work going on there.  And we're still having conversations about supporting projects that are due to happen at the end of this year or early into next year. So if you had to pin us down on it, I think we're kind of -- at these kind of levels, plus or minus, for a while. And hopeful that during calendar '24, we'll see some recovery, but it's obviously too soon to know that. But I think that that's the general way we're thinking about it going forward. 
Richard Wallace: Yes, this is Rick. So yes, we should see growth in Service. And I think this is one of the differentiators for KLA is how our Service behaves and slow down. We're seeing a lot of interest from our customers to keep that capability. So even when capacity might go off, what customers want to focus on is yield and making sure that they're continuing to develop new technology.  And so that plays to our strength. Obviously, we've talked about some of the slowdown we've seen in EPC. So this is much more about Semi process control. But yes, we're still modeling the growth that we've talked about in the past for Service, and that's a big part of our value that we provide for our customers. So we feel good about where we are there. 
Richard Wallace: Yes. Just to build on it, Tim. I think, as Bren mentioned, process control intensity is up some, but I think the share story is maybe even more significant. And then where it's really shown up has been optical inspection. And a lot of that is around relevancy of our optical inspection to some of the new nodes that people are dealing with. And it took a while for some of our customers to really fully appreciate the capability of both the Gen 4 and Gen 5 platforms.  And those 2 -- I mean, frankly, we're still constrained, we're capacity constrained on those. Those would grow more if we had more capacity. And the reason for that is, I think we are demonstrating to our customers value. And when we thought originally, it'd be mostly logic and foundry, even there, we're seeing some strength, albeit memory is very low. But we're seeing adoption of advanced inspection. So I think that's another way to look at it. If you look at the performance last year overall for process control, I don't think it was an accident, it's relevancy of our solutions. 
Richard Wallace: It's a good question, Sidney. I think that those are always conversations customers have had in terms of when they look at their utilization. And they look at the differences from node to node. I think it is something that is always being evaluated. They're always trying to optimize the portfolio. The work that we've done in modeling our 2026 plan and the work that we do even looking through the rest of the year and next year, have contemplated all of that.  So there's nothing really in there that's new from our perspective about the amount of consumption of process control and process control intensity. It does highlight the need for us to continue to invest in R&D and bring out new capabilities and continue to support our customers. So nothing really new in what we see in those statements. 
Richard Wallace: Yes. It's possible. I mean we don't have great clarity on all of it, but it does seem unlikely given the recent history of when you've lost support of equipment provider, the tools aren't very useful. So I think the expectation is the controls will remain on the leading edge, and they'll be able to continue to develop some of these mature technologies. Remember, there's a very active EV market in China. So there's a lot of need for some of that more mature technology as it applies to some of those markets. So it does seem to be based on some real demand around things that are not leading edge, and that's really what we're seeing and have for quite a while in China. So it doesn't feel like it's necessarily that. There are companies that are ramping up. And in that sense, they might not have won the markets that they hope to win yet, but we've kind of factored that into our overall forecasting for China anyway. 
Richard Wallace: Yes. And I've said this many times, but we're not the company that you look to for asset velocity as it relates to inventory. And there's a reason for that is it starts with the business model the KLA has around driving innovation and differentiation and that drives a fair amount of custom componentry into our systems and very unique supply relationships where our suppliers are trusted partners more than a transactional supply chain.  As a result of that, what we optimize for is we optimize for that differentiation. And what we accept is we accept that we're going to need to make commitments. Lead times are long, we're going to take parts when we put orders out to take them. And in the long run, we believe that economically, we're in a pretty good place that given the strength of Service extendibility of the platforms, that we'll consume the parts that we're buying against our volume products.  So we've seen it trend up, and it's trending up, I'd expect it to start to flatten out, maybe drift a little bit. But I'm already starting to buy parts for new products that are coming out for things that will have some unique parts for new products that will be coming out over the next 12 to 18 months or so. So I don't expect it to turn very much. That's why even in these very strong upturn environments, we've rarely gotten above -- much above 2x from an inventory term point of view.  So we'll continue to manage it, but it's sort of fundamental to our supply chain strategy. And as a result of that, when you're buying parts to support products that are -- they are living for 20 to 30 years, there's a lot of that buy to support that, and we carry it. 
Richard Wallace: Well, I think that -- a couple of ways. One is it depends on the applications for the fabs. So if you're an automotive fab, you actually have a different kind of need for process control than you do if you're just a traditional legacy fab. So that's 1 thing. The -- that actually process control intensity can be a little bit higher. And then depending on the scale and the size of the fab on a relative basis, it's harder to have -- you get more efficiency on a large fab. And so these fabs tend not to be as mega fabs, and then you actually get a little bit of intensity as a result. They're also looking for solutions that have been proven in the market. And so for us, those are established product lines that we've been supporting for a long time that might not need as much advanced application support. So those are all factors that I think both good for our customers, but also a good business for KLA.  So yes, it's not as intensive as a leading-edge fab, but they still have a ways to go to catch up. And there's always value in getting higher yield. And whenever they change process nodes, we see interest in upgrading their process control. 
Richard Wallace: Yes, I think it's more of the latter. I wouldn't characterize it as anything other than just some investments that some timing of -- I think tool deliveries with our customer base, and it's very technology-centric. So I wouldn't characterize it as given the level of it. It's been a while since it's been this low even with the uptick quarter-to-quarter. It's pretty technology-centered with the exception of -- some of the China opportunities we get early. 
