Richard P. Wallace: Yes, sure. Well, what we're looking forward at March, we see continued strength in foundry. So we think foundry stays at about in the 50s. We have it modeled right now at about 53%. We do expect an increase in memory to about 31% and logic at 16%. And the split of memory is a little bit weighted toward the NAND, probably in the 57%, 60% NAND and then about 5% of non-semi.
Richard P. Wallace: Well, March, we continued to expect it to be relatively broad. I think the 3 kind of main reasons for us right now, U.S. continued strength. We see about 21% in the U.S. Taiwan, we think, will be -- continue to be strong at about 26%. And we expect Korea in the 24% and then pretty good participation from some of the other regions as well but those are the 3 big ones.
Richard P. Wallace: I think there's 2 things. One is, metrology. We had a record quarter in metrology, all-time company record in metrology last quarter and that becomes very important in memory, particularly, more so perhaps even in NAND. So that looks to be strong and we continue to see that as we go forward. The other thing is some of our advanced inspection products are performing extremely well and what we're finding is that in some of the vertical structures, our inspection tool and our review tool are uniquely differentiated and customers are now seeing that, that, provides value. In fact, in some cases, there's some customers that bought our advanced tools for their logic work and realized testing on memory that it had additional capability. They hadn’t understood what they've been missing and so we're seeing some proliferation as a result of that. So a very strong product demand on the inspection side supporting particularly NAND.
Richard P. Wallace: Not so much for 20. Our customers are always looking forward. I'd say the bulk of the orders really are 32 build-out for production and 28 for development. I'd say, there's probably some 28 per ramp. There's definitely some development work that's going on in 20. In fact, even people looking forward to 14 or 18, depending on who they are. But by and large, heavily dependent on 28 nanometer right now.
Richard P. Wallace: No. It's new equipment, and what we're seeing, in particular, I highlighted a couple of products that are really working. The one we mentioned in the call prepared remarks is the new suite of products. We've got the new Brightfield tool, the new Darkfield tool and the e-Beam review. I think all of those are very exciting results what we're seeing in memory and as I said earlier, customers starting to see and discover problems they didn't know they had. And so I think that's the discovery process is going on and that's driving additional demand. So right now, frankly, our biggest challenge is meeting demand.
Richard P. Wallace: Yes. I never viewed consolidation as impacting gross margin. I think gross margin is really a measure of how unique and differentiated your products are. And if you're able to maintain differentiation and create value for customers, you're going to get the gross margin. And that's what we saw in the quarter that we had and we expect that going forward. And it's a function of our cycle of heavy investment in R&D-differentiated products creating a lot of value for our customers. So I don't think it's a function of consolidation. I think it's a function of differentiation.
Richard P. Wallace: Well, as Mark said, we expect to see gross margins improving over time, as revenue goes back up but we continue with the model that we established some years ago in terms of incremental margin. And from our standpoint, a lot of that is driven by operational efficiency but we're pretty happy with our relative position in gross margin in the industry and pretty heavily focused on maintaining and improving that. But we feel pretty good about where we are.
Richard P. Wallace: Well, right now, we're still in development but our expectation is that we've got EUV capability built in the Teron platform that we've got now. We'll be able to meet industry demand for several years with the product that we have and then we're in development. And we're fully confident we'll be in position when EUV goes to production to support it with an actinic tool.
Richard P. Wallace: Well, at the current levels of both the new order activity and production, we're just actually running to keep that pace right now. It's pretty high. If the new order activity were to go up, you can see with our expected shipment and revenue activity for Q3, you could actually see the backlog increase slightly but our focus right now is to actually get the new tools built and out to customers as quickly as possible. But as you can imagine, that puts a lot of stress on vendors. The factories are full and we're doing everything we can to keep up. We're certainly not intentionally trying to grow it but it is a byproduct of the new order activity and how fast we can get it out.
Richard P. Wallace: Jim, great question. I think the phenomenon that's going on right now has to do with what's going on in the markets that are being served in the mobility play. In particular, what's happening is what we're seeing. Die size is increasing. And Jim, you and I both remember when die size used to increase but it's been a while. And to satisfy the mobility market, what you're seeing is the processors are getting bigger, supporting smartphones, supporting tablets. And that creates a unique advantage for KLA-Tencor because it means the yield becomes much more critical for these guys. They might have capacity. In fact, we know they've got capacity at older generations. But on the new stuff, they've got to get it up and they got to get yielding, and it's right in the sweet spot for us. So I think that's a lot of what we're seeing right now. And the foundry wars that are going on -- it really based about mobility. We checked in about half our business has been driven by the PC server market and the other half is now being driven by a foundry, driving the support of tablets and smartphones. And those are growing at a rapid pace and so our view is we will be the big winners in that.
Richard P. Wallace: Well, as we said, we think we'll outperform the industry again in 2012, that's certainly our plan. Very hard to handicap what the overall industry is going to do. But I'd say the segments that are likely to invest, all the signals that we're getting for our customers, certainly play to our strength. And I'd say, in particularly, what we're seeing in foundry logic, and also even in NAND, as NAND increases. I think DRAM is likely to remain soft throughout the year. I just don't see a tremendous driver for that business. So we feel pretty bullish about it, very hard to handicap June at this point.
Richard P. Wallace: Yes, to your question, new types. I don't think it's a function of necessarily new types. Many of the same types, the defects, but much smaller and devices that are much more sensitive to it. I mentioned -- I was talking to Jim that the die size getting bigger means that there is even an increased sensitivity to defectivity at the same level when you're trying ramp die size and shrink at the same time. The other thing though, and I want to stress this, is metrology has really kicked in. And we didn't necessarily see the same strength in metrology in the past. And the old tag line for K-T is, "If you can't measure it, you can't control it. And if you can't inspect it, you can't fix it." And I think both of those things are working to our favor right now. As far as NAND, I still think it's relatively early in the adoption cycle of what we're going to see as a percent of CapEx with NAND. We have some very encouraging signs. We are finding capabilities in our tools as we work closely with customers that are getting them excited about deploying them. But I think it’s early to say what the overall model is going to look like, but we certainly anticipate improvement off of where we've been in the past there.
Richard P. Wallace: Well, I guess our visibility wasn't quite as good as we thought, since it heated up quite a bit in December. What we see is a lot of interest. And what we're seeing now, the business that we got in the December quarter wasn't from June. I think what it was, was an increase in intensity by some of the customers that are chased really to meet the growing demand around devices that are very hot in the market, the mobility devices, smartphones and tablets. And that seems to continue to grow. So that's part of what we're seeing and when we had talked about the March guide. So we've kind of kicked into a new gear here, and I don't know how to handicap June based on that. We don't typically guide that far. But we're pretty confident that however the industry does, the overall industry perspective is flat to down 10. We feel pretty comfortable with our position that we ought to be able to outperform it. And with our business model, we ought to be able to financially perform very well in this year.
Richard P. Wallace: Well, we had a strong quarter, as I said, in metrology and a great quarter in wafer. We've really had a good quarter. I'd say, overall, we're handicapping, if I had to do that now, I'd say wafer, 51% at March; metrology at 16%; reticle at 11%; and our services business in the 17% range; and then the hard disk drive, another -- about 5%. That's how you ground it up. So metrology, not quite as strong; and reticle, not quite as strong; wafer, picking up; and service, picking up.
Richard P. Wallace: Well, I don't think our customers plan on doing anything but getting the yields up with the capacity that they have. That's why I think you're seeing us differentially perform in this market. So I think their expectation is they're going to get yields off of the die even if they're getting larger, and that's why I think we should get a higher percent of the CapEx. And so as we model -- we talked about it before, the CapEx inspection measurement increasing as a function of the overall, and we're certainly seeing signs of that now. We haven't fully demonstrated it in memory yet. We have early signs but we're definitely seeing it in the foundry space.
Richard P. Wallace: Well, certainly, we got development programs for 450 and we've just mapped out -- and we have a planning cycle we look out to 2015, and we've mapped out our investment from now through 2015 in all our major -- all our product lines, actually. And yes, over that time period, we've got major platforms being developed and we've got 450 coming in. We have -- so the first 450 capable tools now and we'll be shipping them in 2012, but I don't anticipate large scale manufacturing of any type in the several year timeframe, but certainly, investment on our behalf on 450.
Richard P. Wallace: Well, we're -- Vishal, a good question. There aren't really new customers. I think -- again, we're pretty much solid to everybody and have been. I think there are customers with increasing adoption needs. In other words, we're putting -- deploying more inspection earlier in their development process and more of it to cover all the challenges they're facing. In yields, as always, range, we don't discuss individual customer yields. But certainly, on 28-nanometer, you've got a large range. But the biggest thing is, you got more design starts now and expectations in the market for 28-nanometer, just it's overheated. And so our customers are trying to be very responsive to the demands that are being placed on them. And there's clearly from their standpoint, the highest lever they can pull from a productivity standpoint, the cost standpoint, is to go after yields. And so we're seeing that as being an imperative that they have and one that we can help them with.
Richard P. Wallace: Well, there aren't that many NAND customers. So from that standpoint, we sold all of them, but the phenomena is the same across the board. I would say customer to customer, they have perhaps different issues. Some have slightly different approaches to yield management, but the underlying themes are the same when we talk to them. Defects, they worry about defects and vertical structures. They've certainly worried about metrology and that creates opportunities for us.
Richard P. Wallace: That's a great question. And as I said, we saw metrology really kicking up, and I expect that, that continues but we've got huge demand for wafer, too. So I think the mix we're talking about going forward, if you think about our overall business being, say, 50% wafer and 15% to 20% metrology is probably about right. Reticle is pretty lumpy so it kind of comes in and out depending on just a few unit sales. But I think that continues. Strong demand in both, but we're really excited about the metrology performance because we have seen a kick up, as I said recently. And I think really critical for our customers to get that new capability that we have.
Richard P. Wallace: Yes. We looked at that. Year-on-year, we're kind of in the same range. So I think we gained a little bit of share over -- but we had a very strong calendar '10 also. So I'd say pretty similar. There are always puts and takes in that. But I think we probably differentially performed last quarter as an example on a very strong quarter in the year. So I think a little bit stronger adoption's been going up and we're benefiting from that for sure.
Richard P. Wallace: It varies. I think customers go through their own cycles and it very much depends. 17% seems much higher than what we've modeled. One way we think about it is 14% at 30 billion WFE, somewhere in that. That's a $3.2 billion business for us, and that's kind of how we look at it. And if we look back, 2011 was about that 2012 probably in that range as well.
Richard P. Wallace: Yes, No, I mean for us, it is definitely true that we perform well in a technology environment and will get it -- people are always moving forward on technology and so our business often holds up. I would say what's changing now is some of the metrology businesses in particular end up being more linked to ramping. But I also think that we differentially perform relative to other capacity right now because just there's so much to control. And so the measurement and control requirements are increasing. And I'd say if you thought about our business generally, metrology would be a little bit more linked to capacity and inspection a little bit more linked to technology. And then if we're in the wafer business when we do support, the wafer manufacturers, that's really tied to both but that would be predominantly capacity related, which by the way, is not very hot. So we had a great quarter without a strong wafer market.
Richard P. Wallace: I think it's logical to assume that these things ebb and flow. And so if I integrate it over the year, I'd say foundry is very strong in the December quarter, but again, stronger than what we originally modeled, and we're looking at it very strong now. But when I talked to them, they're talking about sustained ramps to meet the needs that their customers have. And what is surprising is how well how many of them are doing. This is not a one customer phenomenon. And I think it's kind of fascinating to watch what's going on in terms of all the different devices. There's a high-end tablet and there's a low-end tablet, and the low-end tablets driving a lot of fair amount of CapEx, too. And it's kind of fascinating to watch because it's very broad right now. So I'd say the momentum is pretty strong and I think a lot depends on the success they have as they try to ramp these new yields.
Richard P. Wallace: Yes. The way we modeled -- that is we take a very simple of view of 14% is what we're modeling now. Last quarter, I'd say it was certainly stronger than that. But being conservative, we look across the year, we'd say 14%, and that gets 2010 -- 2011 to look a lot like 2012 or 2012 look like 2011. Is there upside for that? There are definitely could be upside based on the early returns at the beginning of -- what we're seeing, there's certainly some momentum, but that's not how we're modeling it yet.
Richard P. Wallace: Well, it's -- there's still a limited number of guys that are 28 and 40 to 28 is really the sweet spot for our markets, so you kind of know who those players are. What's interesting is the intensity ramping out of some of the ones that haven't been investing necessarily in new technology. And that's why we're saying it is pretty broad right now relative to a fairly concentrated market that we have in this space. But of course, that makes our selling very efficient, it makes service very efficient. So for our standpoint, we're fine with that. But it is not -- there are no true new entrants into it. As you know, there's one large bank in Korea that's made a big investment in getting into foundry logic and been increasing that. But other than that, it's partially similar players but focusing on new technology.
Richard P. Wallace: Well, long-term forecasting is pretty easy, short term is not possible. And so, when we look at it, we think, as I said, flat to down 10 for 2012, I think is not a crazy number to model. And right now, I think K-T does as well in 2012 as we did in 2011, maybe better in terms of overall revenue.
Richard P. Wallace: Yes. The typical cycle between the time we take the order and to when we ship can range anywhere from 3 months to 9 months. It depends on the product. But we think about it in the 4.5-month range on average in general. So that's sort of a loose proxy on how to think about that, West. And then there's another 90-day cycle after that, that usually results in the final acceptance of revenue recognition.
Richard P. Wallace: Yes. There's a couple of things in place. First of all, we're increasing hiring, but our hiring still is at a very relatively low ramp rate, approximately the same level of hiring increase that you saw in the prior quarter which is in the 1% range. And it takes a while for those people to get on board and to get up to speed. We don't feel the full expense of that instantaneously at the beginning of the quarter. But the other phenomenon is, is that the big contributor to our spending, particularly research and development, is the amount of new material we move in. And we have some visibility on that because that has to be scheduled considerably in advance with suppliers and so on and so forth. So quarter-to-quarter, if the $200 million to $210 million level, if things can go up or down and throw you up $5 million in either direction, so I don't want to imply more science than really exists on this. We just simply roll out the divisions in terms of their planned spending in the quarter. They're usually fairly thorough on how they forecast it. But as you know, it's an educated guess at this point. I would just say that flatfish is a good planning assumption. But could it be up or down a little bit from there? Absolutely.
Richard P. Wallace: Sure. Well, what has happened I think is on advanced [indiscernible] -- just to give you a very specific example, people doing more inspection. For example, in a registration tool where you're measuring overlay, they're measuring more spots on a wafer and they're measuring more wafers in a lot and they're doing that because they need better control. And that's a market where KLA is very strong. And as a result, we see demand going up and we benefit from that. In other ones like OCD, optical CD control where we have a strong position, there, we've actually seen good adoption by customers and some share gain as our technologies have been differentiated from our competitors. So we're getting some of both as a result but there's definitely demand increase. And to your point, we've also benefited from some share movement. But really, you have to go product by product.
Richard P. Wallace: Well, most of the business we see in NAND is not in the TSV and the back end. It's in the wafer manufacturing itself. And it has to do with the design rules plus the vertical nature of the devices, so the requirements on registration and metrology for measuring 3D devices. But we also have inspection capability that's being leveraged as those designs will shrink and people are much more sensitive to defects that they, in the past, perhaps weren't sensitive to or they just didn't know they could find. So not so much back end, definitely for us, WFE and pretty strong demand. And I think the -- it's pretty split. We definitely see metrology strength there but we've got some great inspection opportunities as well.
Richard P. Wallace: Well, first of all, we don't talk specifically about specific customers. But certainly, the model we have for CapEx for 2012 encompasses all the input that we've got and there's some puts and takes in that. But by and large, what we see for 2012 is CapEx to be in the range of flat to down 10% and that there were no surprises in any of the recent announcements that we've seen that impact our thinking on that.
Richard P. Wallace: I think it's actually not a bad thing for the industry to have strong players. Nothing has been finalized in any of those discussions. But in general, we're best positioned when our customers are strong and healthy and financially doing well. And so anything that leads to that is ultimately good for the industry because they can invest in R&D, they can keep developing new technologies and we can work with them closely. So that's not something that we're particularly sensitive to if it happens or if it doesn't happen.
Richard P. Wallace: No, I think it's going to be a close battle, and those divisions are kind of both shooting for demonstrating their capability. They're different drivers. I'd say that lithography space, all the challenges in litho drive a lot of what we have in metrology, whether it's registration or the OCD business or the films, business, all related to that. The defectivity is driven -- drives us pretty strongly in what we see in the wafer, and both have a strong currents of pushing them forward right now. So I think very strong business is in both of them. And we're really pleased to have the broad portfolio we do to support our customers' needs.
Richard P. Wallace: Yes, there's no question that there are definitely -- there have been opportunities I think for what we're seeing. A big part of what's happening is KTL's gain share in some of those segments. And so from that standpoint, I think the demand has been there, but our differentiated solutions are winning in the markets. So a big part of what we've been seeing in increase is a function of product positioning and frankly, competitors stumbling.
Richard P. Wallace: So we don't break it out, as I said, there are demands in both. Certainly, foundries have pushed very hard on demands on metrology as have the memory guys. But most of our business last quarter was around logic and foundries and that's where we saw the strength in metrology as that was a bigger part of our business. Memory was only 16% of our business overall last quarter. So the fact metrology was a record implies very strong logic performance and long -- very strong foundry performance.
Richard P. Wallace: Thank you, Sean. And thank you, all, for joining us on our call today. We look forward to speaking you -- with you throughout the quarter.
Mark P. Dentinger: Well, the revenue was down quarter-on-quarter, and in fact, I explained in my preferred remarks, it's down about $150 million. And yet, gross margin is actually slightly improved and the reason was is that they -- we -- the capacity release was actually offset by the fact that we actually had lower inventory reserves requirements in this quarter. So what you should see is the result of these 2 phenomena and as we move forward and the revenue improves, you should see some slight improvements in the gross margin moving forward.
Mark P. Dentinger: Olga, 2 great questions. And based on what we're seeing actually, through this cycle, not just in the last quarter, but foundry demand being strong because they really need what we provide and we're uniquely positioned to do that. And they're facing some real yield challenges. We expect 2012 to be another strong year for KLA-Tencor and one where we'll outpace the industry. It's really anyone's bet how the industry is going to do. I think that some of the recent announcements show CapEx nudging upwards overall and predominantly in areas that should support KLA-Tencor business. So we're well prepared to outperform the industry again in 2012.
Mark P. Dentinger: No, it's not that -- we're certainly thinking about it, Raj. The truth of the matter is, right now, KLA is continuing to increase our hiring and we would anticipate that expenses -- the operating expenses are going to increase as the year goes on, not significantly initially, but we're anticipating towards the end of the year with new product introductions and whatnot. But we will have some increased operating expenses particularly in materials that we need to run in for new generation products. So that's our mindset right now. Of course, we have to be wary of what the industry and macro signals are as we move through the year. So you can take that guidance in the context of it's what we're seeing right now. But that's our mindset today, and certainly in support of a lot of the success we've had on the recent products, we don't -- we certainly don't want to us [indiscernible] the sales or the installation and support channels that we built up.
