Richard Wallace: John, thanks for the question. Yes, we feel pretty good about how we've navigated through the pandemic. A couple of factors for KLA specific, I think, to think about. One is we were up in the December quarter. And again, huge customer demand, so working to work that off. We talked in the past about securing critical components, critical parts from key suppliers. That actually continues to be in good shape, where we had some challenges in the last few weeks.  And right now, as we're actually working through them, had to do with not necessarily our critical supply but just generalized supply across the industry. I think as most companies are talking about. So we're seeing some of that, that are not unique, as Bren said in his comments, to KLA. The reason we feel more confident is even in the last few days, we've seen some pressure being released in that system, that it won't be in time for what we would have preferred to ship in this quarter, we obviously have the backlog, we could have shipped more if we'd had it.  But it's being resolved. So we feel pretty good about the go forward after we get through March. And I'll let Bren add some color since he's spending a good part of his time working some of these issues himself. 
Richard Wallace: Harlan. Good question. Yes, '21, we feel really good about how we performed in '21. I think we talked about several times, just the strength, especially of optical wafer inspection was extraordinary in the year. And also, when we look to our order book, we got tremendous interest in those products that we're seeing great opportunities in '22 as well.  I think that's a favorable mix for the year for '22 and -- based on the success we've had with some of our new products and the way that they're being received by customers, we anticipate that we'll be in a good position to build on our market leadership position as we go forward.  So we are anticipating continued growth in share, albeit at the kind of rate that we outlined a few years ago. So I think the combination of those factors plus the continuation of the drive in design roles are all good indicators and good drivers for KLA to outperform, which is what we're forecasting. We never really know at this point in the year, how it's actually going to -- the details of what it's going to look, but we think Process Control is in a great position for '22, and we're in a great position within Process Control. And Bren can add some color to that. 
Richard Wallace: Yes. Just one other thing to add to Bren, I mean I think it's really important that we continue to understand the value we're creating for our customers, and we share in that value in our pricing. I think that's the way to think about it. For them, they're very, very motivated to get these products in as soon as they can because the payback is extremely quick.  What you would probably see in a more normalized -- if you didn't have an environment that was a supply constrained -- with the increase in volume, you'd actually see the cost dynamics go the other way. So I think what Bren talked about the little bit of headwind that we get is because of some of the pricing increases, but it's not much in our overall business.  But in a historical context, if you went up as much as our revenues have, we would see volume discounting happening with our suppliers, which would bring down some of the costs, and that's not really happening in this environment. But our starting point is really good, and our new products are incredibly well received by our customers. So not only do we like the margin profile, but our customers really want to get the new products. So we're in a pretty good position as it stands right now. 
Richard Wallace: Yes, C.J., it's a great question. You're right. We're in the mid-65% range, if you look at the process control segment overall. So as we move into certainly '22, I would expect that to be roughly flat given what we just said, maybe a little bit better, but generally in that range and just given the things we just talked about. A lot of it depends overall on -- you've got the service mix, which service gross margins have improved over time as that business scales, but it is dilutive.  So in the long run, if service is growing faster than systems, that does put a little bit of pressure on margins. So I think we're pretty comfortable with the levels that they're at. I can see them ticking up.  We always talk about 60% to 65% type incrementals on our semi process control business. So I would expect to see something consistent with that. But if you're approaching 65% or maybe a little bit higher at the top end of that, you start to hit the ceiling in terms of how high you can go. So I think we're probably in that mid-60s range, maybe creeping up a little bit from there. But I don't see it improving much more than that. 
Richard Wallace: Yes, I think that's the way to think about it. Certainly, the second half will be stronger than the first half. And look, I think we're all constrained right now in terms of the ability to get parts. What we've provided is our expected probability of all the various issues we're managing in terms of an overall view.  But given that March will be lower, I would expect sequential growth as we move through the year. And the second half overall for the company, yes, low- to mid-double digits is a reasonable way to think about it. 
Richard Wallace: So just one  -- just a little more color to think about. What we saw with Omicron is more people being impacted and losing work days, fortunately not severely impacted, but enough that they had to not be at the workforce. And as Bren said, these factories were ramped up. So it's hard to make that up, but it's also -- they're already coming back. So we have a lot of confidence in the supply chain, returning to more supportive levels for our business going forward. 
Richard Wallace: Vivek, great question. I think, ironically, perhaps the current slowdown in our ability as an equipment industry to provide will stretch this out into '23 anyway. And so you see that plus a number of high-profile projects, which have been discussed recently by our customers don't really order equipment in '22 or maybe they place POs, but we certainly don't see deliveries.  So if you think about some of the big new greenfield projects that have been announced, those are '23 projects, not '22. So I think the combination of those that are related to both support from the regionalization efforts driven by things like the CHIPS Act in the U.S. should that come to pass. But even the other projects, which aren't dependent on that, are really much more about '23 than they are about '22. So as we look at it now, we do have pretty good visibility out through the end of the year and even into the first part of next year for the demand to continue to be very supportive of our business. 
Richard Wallace: Yes. Thanks, Tim. Good question. I think that it's interesting if you use the example of NAND as a -- there, you actually went backwards in lithography. And yet the process control intensity, it went down a little bit, but we actually thought it would go down more because what happened was 2 things. And if we'd had solutions, it probably wouldn't have gone down at all because there were other integration problems that we were unable to solve at that time. But even there, it went backwards and there was not a huge change in process control intensity, albeit at lower levels.  What we're seeing now already in conversations with customers as we look at new device types. The process control challenges are going to be enormous. And many of them, yes, defect is a big part of it, but you have EUV, which is driving additional use cases. You have the registration overlay challenges, which has created quite a significant market, and we also see the need for more and more inspection layers using different wavelengths. So that Gen 4 is being extended. I think we mentioned last quarter, Gen 4 actually outperformed Gen 5 in terms of revenue in 2021.  And we actually see that continuing because of the usefulness of that product and that wavelength. So we actually think the real question is, are there going to be integration challenges that are going to drive our customers. When there's multiple players competing at the leading edge, that's always a good thing for KLA. I think we went through a period where there was really one main driver, and they had one real end device driving that logic, that's no longer the case.  So we feel pretty good about the architectures that we're seeing. We have process control teams that are working with our customers. And as far as we can see out through several years, we think we're well positioned with plenty of opportunity and we have a lot of solutions we're investing in, as Bren said, we're investing at a significant level in R&D to be positioned to support those going forward.  So we don't see really a relaxation in process control intensity as we go forward. Will it continue to rise? We're not anticipating that it goes up a lot. And so that's not in our models, that would be upside to our model if that happened, but that's not what we're working off of. 
Richard Wallace: Yes, Patrick, good question. I think that, again, we've been in conversations with customers about these advanced architectures for some time and the challenges that they face.  Fortunately, we often have more time than we originally thought to get our solutions ready because these often take longer to get to market than were originally anticipated. So we're actually in pretty good shape in terms of providing solutions for that. Specifically to gate all around, remember, for inspection, there are really a couple of things that we have to -- problems that we have to solve.  The most significant one often lost on people is it's a contrast question. It's not as much as a resolution as contrast and gate all around with different materials creates a different contrast challenge, which is why the wavelength matters a lot, which is why we're extending Gen 4, and we're seeing good modeling results from that. The other thing that happens, of course, is the registration, every generation, I think, may be lost on people are the additional challenges in registration and overlay every device technology and the increase in sampling is just dramatic in that business and in films in general.  Again, more challenges associated with that. We have a good modeling effort that goes on very, very strong in the company so we can model and understand what those devices are going to look like and what they're going to need in terms of capability.  So we're very well positioned to handle that. I think that you're going to see increases in both inspection needs, but also in metrology slightly in different ways. And in metrology, you're already sampling at so many levels. It's more about increasing the sampling at those levels. In other words, more steps or more measurement points per die and per wafer. In inspection, it ends up you add a number of inspection steps in the process as opposed to the area inspected, which is usually already predetermined and that probably won't change.  So I think that they'll both grow but for different reasons in that. And again, our customers -- our relationship with our customers is such that we've been working on these problems for a while because now they know they need the support of inspection and metrology early in the development phase if they have a chance of ramping these new technologies. So we feel pretty good about our insight into those. 
Richard Wallace: Yes, Patrick, it's a great question and it's something that we spend a lot of time on internally, particularly as Brian Lorig runs our service business points out to me all the time that don't forget about spares. So it is absolutely a balancing act. Fortunately, we have pretty good idea of when things will fail that -- around certain components, and we can plan for that. But we -- in terms of stocking levels. But we're very -- we have had situations where we will pull parts off of systems, if we have to, to support the field, we've made commitment to customers, those customers value these systems, and we've got to keep them up and running.  So in a lot of those cases, we're going to generally prioritize service if we can't figure out a way to work around it, which we've for the most part been able to do. But it's a constant balancing act, and it's something that we watch very closely. 
Richard Wallace: Yes. Joe, that's a great question. So I'll say a couple of things here. First, yes, there were some surprises, right? As we were moving through December and into the early part of January, the COVID impact was a surprise in terms of the impact on some of these suppliers. So we also had some issues that materialized, as I said in the prepared remarks around, I'll call them, more lower-value commodity parts that we also procure in a lot of cases, where those are as we have supplier suppliers that are trying to acquire those parts to then send them to us to our direct suppliers before it gets to us. So it's a little bit harder to have visibility down at those levels.  Now with enough time, you can typically manage around some of those issues, either by finding alternatives, qualifying alternatives. It does have an impact on on-time delivery, to your point, and so the reason we were able to quantify the impact of 8% to 10% on the results in March was really what we thought we were looking at as we ended the December quarter and where we ended up today. So we had a pretty good visibility to the impact and so we're able to quantify it. On-time delivery is what's suffering though. But we're managing around it to the extent we can.  And I think customers, while there's tremendous pressure in the system, there's a reality check of the challenges that I think I can speak for everybody that we're all dealing with here. 
Bren Higgins: Hey John, how are you? So just to add to Rick's comments. I think one of the things you have to consider is most of our strategic buffer that we've built, whether we have it in inventory levels at the company, whether it's at inventory or long lead time materials that we've either procured or suppliers have procured. Over the last 15 months or so, given the strength of demand, we have worked through a fair amount of that. And that's one of the challenges we have is we are more dependent today on the predictability of timing, first of all, but also volume of quality. And so I think those are issues that we continue to work through. As Rick said, in our complex systems, we generally have a pretty transparent view of where that demand is, although everyone is struggling to meet the demand environment that we're facing today.  But it's in our higher volume but single sourced type products where we've seen some of these pressures. We did not anticipate a COVID variant and what that would do to those factories in terms of people having to leave either because of contact or exposure. So you had facilities that are already running 100% max that all of a sudden had to deal with this disruption in a lot of cases, a pretty meaningful disruption in the first part of the month.  We think that, that's abating. And we're getting a sense that that's improving. And this COVID environment, we'll have to figure out and navigate our way through. We don't know what the future holds. But at least in terms of the near-term environment, we feel pretty good about that.  And then trying to source and find all the electrical components, which are deeper in our build of material and within our supply chain. There's less visibility, but there's also alternative, either alternative supplies, qualifying new parts in some cases, leveraging third parties, which we've been doing, and that's even becoming more challenged in terms of distributors and others that might be out there that have those parts.  So we're managing through this. We're escalating where appropriate. And as we look at it and walk through what we expect to see moving forward, we think the March quarter sets up as the bottom, and we expect -- given the guidance we gave that we would see growth through the year and expect the company to be somewhere in excess of 20%, as we said in the prepared remarks. So there's always some questions or unpredictability here in terms of just where things are, but that's the best of how we see it today. 
Bren Higgins: Yes. No, you're thinking about it right. As we see revenue growth, it should accelerate to the higher end of the range. The commentary was really about how we look and size the company on an annual basis or over a longer-term horizon. And if you look at '19 to our '22 planning, we will have had incremental operating margins given the growth we've seen in excess of 50%, about 52%. So my point was that we would expect revenue to grow. We're also expecting OpEx to grow. But at the end of the day, as we're sizing 2022, we expect to be in our target range of 40 to 50. 
Bren Higgins: Yes, Harlan. I think that what we'll see in terms of mix, I would expect foundry logic to grow faster this year than it grew -- or faster than the growth rate in WFE. And as a result of that, that will be a favorable mix. So to Rick's point, I think that, that will be a driver for us. From a share point of view, we feel pretty good about where we are. Certainly, wafer inspection, as you mentioned, has been the biggest driver. It's been the fastest-growing business in the company. We have a very strong position there. I've said many times, I think it might be one of the fastest-growing markets in all of WFE.  I would expect to continue to see momentum in that overall market. So as we said in the prepared remarks that we were about -- we thought we were around 46% for semiconductor systems in 2021. It gets the market of 40% or 41%. And then as we look at high teens type growth rates in WFE this year, I would expect we'll have a similar improvement over the market or similar outperform, somewhere in that mid-single-digit range based on how we're looking at it today. 
Bren Higgins: That's a great question, Harlan, and I'll start and maybe Rick will want to add a few comments here. But our pricing model is really based on pricing to value. It's priced on the value we believe that our tools add to our customers. And so that's ultimately how we price the products. It isn't a cost-based model. It's more of a value-based. You're right, as you look at the March quarter, what's declining is Semiconductor Process Control revenue quarter-to-quarter, we're actually expecting some growth in our EPC business and every quarter service grows.  So it is a bit of a mix effect and a volume effect on the March quarter. Going forward, we are seeing pressure on costs. We're not implying that we aren't and I've been pretty open with the fact that I think there's 100 basis point headwind related to cost increases as we all know, everything seems to be costing more.  Labor is costing more and certainly the ramp in investments our customers -- or suppliers are having to make is driving incremental cost into the model but that's factored in. So absent that, I think given the mix expectations we would have moving into '22 with the growth rate of semi PC consistent with what your last question, then we would see margins improve. But we are feeling a little bit of pressure.  So I think we hold 63%, plus or minus in any given quarter, you'll see a little bit of variability. But at the end of the day, I also think it's just -- it's a reflection of the value that we're adding, I think it's also a reflection of the differentiation that we have across the portfolio in the marketplace. 
Bren Higgins: Yes. Vivek, it will show up in the June quarter. So these are shipments that slipped out and then are in the June quarter. But when you have suppliers that are running at max capacity in a lot of cases, and they have a disruption, I think the making up of that lost time will take some time through the year, right? I don't think that they'll be able to make it all of it once. So there's a little bit of a cascading that happens whenever you have a disruption in a facility that's already running full out, I mean, equipment is running 24/7, people are working up to legal limits in terms of overtime.  So trying to squeeze more capacity in the short run is a little bit harder. But over time, I would expect that we'll see that creep out. We also expect capacity to improve or have alternatives to materialize as we move through the year. So it's a combination of those effects. But yes, I would expect it to move into the June quarter. 
Bren Higgins: Yes. Vivek, the only other thing I would add to that is that we have very high levels of backlog. In a lot of cases, we're booking slots for customers into 2023 now. And so as a result of that, we feel pretty confident in the sustainability of what we're seeing. I made some comments earlier about the second half and as we model in terms of how we're planning the company and how we're planning capacity, we expect to see that -- those levels of business sustain as we move forward. So it's a long way out and things can change.  But certainly, we don't see anything that shows any slowing down anytime in the horizon. And certainly, customers are asking for more and faster. 
Bren Higgins: Tim, on the last part of your question, given the guidance we gave around second half, you're probably not that far off. It's probably in that 18 range, plus or minus, more or less. So we'll have to see how it plays out. Look, we spent a lot of time looking at the various leading indicators of what we're seeing from customers. And of course, we look at our customers, the discussions we have with them, there is the profitability levels. We look at these end markets and some of the challenges that exist there.  So as we go through it, you look at our customers are spending more than they ever have. They're more profitable than they've ever been. So we feel pretty good about where they're at and where the demand is. So we're going to -- we'll continue to watch it. But right now, at this point, we -- our customers are continuing to ask for systems. As I said earlier, I think WFE is constrained by supply. And over the long run, we believe that WFE, given rising capital intensity will grow faster than semiconductor revenue in terms of a long run trend.  So I think that's how we're modeling the company. Certainly, it's how we're planning when we think about supply and investments we need to make. But that's how we're thinking about it right now. 
Bren Higgins: Tim, 2 things. First, when we move from planar to vertical and NAND, if you use NAND as a proxy, we saw a couple of point improvement overall in process control intensity. And it came really in our metrology businesses because if you think you're starting to build the structures vertically, it creates a whole new set of metrology challenges. So we saw an inflection there for metrology and then you also have defect mechanisms related to high-aspect layers -- high-aspect ratio structures and so on. So that is -- if it's a proxy, we feel pretty good about opportunities there as some of the defect mechanisms, and metrology challenges change, but process control intensity overall is a positive.  Our 2023 plan in terms of process control or KLA share of WFE was to see process control intensity improve, KLA share of WFE to grow about 75 to 100 basis points from 2019. And we feel like we're right on that trajectory as we go forward here. So as Rick said, we don't expect it to grow a lot, but we do expect to see it continuing to grow, and that should create opportunities for us to, for the most part, consistently outgrow the market here over the next few years. 
