Richard P. Wallace: Sure, Satya. Yes, definitely world not ending, not this quarter. And we see the strong demand, primarily focused on -- I'd say 28 nanometers would be the slogan. It's all about 28 nanometer yield. And the investment going on for that. Obviously, people are -- there's demand for it, and there's challenges with yield. I think in the last couple of quarters, some of our products -- it's become apparent to our customers the value of those products, and so we have some situations where we've got products now that we don't have slots out through June. And so we're scrambling to get capacity and some of our leading edge technology-enabling products we're seeing that from multiple foundries. So right now, it looks very good.
Richard P. Wallace: Well, it's always true that they want to extend the technology out. So anybody that orders a new tool today, will expect their performance to give them some insight and capability, as they extend. And certainly, for 22 and 20. But since the manufacturing ramp right now is happening in 28, and as people see the latest technology, that's really where the main application is. But I would say, a year ago, we had people buying our technology that we have available then, trying to do 28. What's happened is, they realized that there are critical defect types and measurements they can't make with the -- or can't make as well. And so they're always buying out, but they don't often realize the value of the new tool until they get a comparison. And so often, we're competing with our own generation -- prior generation, and we have to show the differentiation which is happening now. But they want insight into their R&D stuff as well.
Richard P. Wallace: Right, Krish, not much in terms of capacity, more technology-oriented. What we're modeling right now is foundry, very strong in the December quarter, in the 75% range for the order book, and logic dropping back down to 9% and then the remainder of the semiconductor is about 16% for memories, and most of that NAND. So very strong in foundry and multiple geographies for foundries. So it's not one location. In fact, when we look at the geographies, just to give you a sense of that, U.S, 24% is what we see; Europe, 17%; Taiwan, 28%; Korea, 13%. So it's really spread across, spread across from a geography perspective, but much more focused on foundry.
Richard P. Wallace: Yes. If I go back to calendar Q1, more concentrated I believe, in calendar Q1. And so it's broadened a bit. I don't have that data readily available, but just given the composition I know that we have out there now, it's literally, all the guys that are playing in advance nodes are active right now.
Richard P. Wallace: Yes, no question, it's steeper. And I think there's a couple of factors associated with that. One is it's really -- the foundries tend to be pushing more leading edge, than they were. At that time, they weren't leading as much, and technology as they're now, and that's driven by their customer needs. If you look back in time too, there wasn't the -- back then, just take one company like a TI, had their own fab capability. And now, they might be ordering and they don't. So the fabless community has increased. And there's more intensity for advanced designs. The other thing we're seeing, there are actually more design starts at this point in the cycle at 28 nanometer, than they were, even at 45. So there's definitely a lot of customer interest in that capability.
Richard P. Wallace: We're already very active in packaging, and we have capability via the ICOS product line that we have. So we believe we're in the sweet spot of the opportunities in packaging. TSV is an interesting technology. It has some capability. We are constantly monitoring and investigating that, but we don't have a meaningful play, nor do we see the longevity of that market in terms of an opportunity yet. So we certainly have to take technology to enter it, but we're not there now. And we continue to monitor it.
Richard P. Wallace: Right. Boy, great question. We were surprised, as I mentioned earlier, in the market interest in some of our advanced technologies, most specifically, wafer inspection seems a real strong demand. But also, some of that is new penetration, so we've had a real nice e-Beam review business that's picked up and gained some real good share, and that's partly contributing to it, as we're seeing more market share than we pick some of that up. And as I said, e-Beam review. And that's based on the capability we have to review the defects that our advance inspectors find, the unique capability. So part of it is adoption of advanced technologies, part of it is share, and part of it, frankly, is there are more foundry players struggling with their yield issues at 28. And I think it's still relatively early in that, and so we modeled the rest of -- as we look out the next several quarters, we think that the bookings, the bottom for bookings was September quarter, and through our fiscal year, we can see continued strength based on the challenges people are having, not just in the foundries, but also some of the things we think are coming along in memory, too. So relatively early mid in the 28-nanometer challenge and that will be followed by 22.
Richard P. Wallace: Sure, no, the 9% is light. And I think a lot of that was -- there were some new logic capacity that had been in everybody's plans and came out. And I think that's a big part of that. But 9% would be low on a sustained basis. There was a time where logic was 1/3, we were 1/3, 1/3, 1/3. And obviously, we're not there now, but I would expect that it would, over time, pick back up. It's pretty lumpy as it is, especially to some of our advanced technologies. Some of our more expensive tools are pretty lumpy in terms of how they go. So I'd say that's a low number over time.
Richard P. Wallace: Srini, it's a simple question, but it's tough, tough one to answer. The way we're looking at 2012 right now, it's funny I back up, and I think how we saw the world back in July. And then I say, we went through an air pocket, and it's looking more like it did back in July, than it did in frankly, August and part of September. And things looked a bit more robust. So I think overall, if I look out to 2012, I think CapEx, barring any macro events, which I think we're -- that's not a certainty, but barring that, the normal industry cycle, I think we'd expect to see the overall industry in the down 10% kind of range for 2012, off of what we think will be a strong finish to 2011. And so for K-T in the first half, as we model it, as we said in the prepared remarks, that we think our revenue bottoms in the December quarter, and we expect, based on how we're seeing the world, that things pick up from here.
Richard P. Wallace: Our plans are to support the transition, which I think will happen at some point. But I don't think there'll be any meaningful production for quite some time, largely just based on the availability of the broad-based tool set. But we're already selling tools, some of our advanced wafer, their wafer inspection tools are going to some OEMs. But based on the flow of that, we think its several years before they'll be pilot capability out of the market. But all of the tools that we're in development now, have plans to be able to support the 450 transition when it happens. But I don't think it's going to be a meaningful part of our revenue for several years.
Richard P. Wallace: Oh, okay, I see. Yes, it's funny, it's almost -- we're almost agnostic about it because there is opportunity -- there eventually will be opportunity, reticle inspection to support EUV transition. But in lieu of that, there's opportunity in metrology to support the multiple patterning, double patterning and maybe even beyond that. And so when we look at it, in the end, it's almost -- it's a wash in terms of where we're going. We will have investment for EUV. We also, right now, can bridge the early nodes with our reticle inspection tool, with the 600 series. So we actually have some capability for that now. So I think there's some support in terms of [indiscernible] some of our business, but it's similar to what we've been modeling.
Richard P. Wallace: Yes, so we see December is getting back, we think wafer gets back to the 40% kind of range and metrology back to about 18% and reticle closer to 15%, and service becomes a smaller percentage of the total, at 20%, and our other businesses probably run around it. At 7%, so not that different from historical. We did have a September, as I said, an air pocket, but at the end of the quarter, what we saw was pretty strong interest, and that's part of the strength we see this quarter in the wafer inspection, particularly, in the Brightfield. So I think we get back closer to kind of the historical run rate. And reticle can be lumpy, as you know, depending on relatively low volume, high dollar tools. And as we continue to grow, if we continue to go up from here, service gets smaller as a percent.
Richard P. Wallace: Well it's the great thing about this business, if you asked me that 5 weeks ago, I would have had a different answer than I have today. Based on just information, as recently in the last couple of days, I'd say, it's pretty broad-based at this point, driven by -- in particular, I think some advancements people are making in getting their technologies to work, but not fully yield. And also, broader customer participation and interest in the foundries. So ratcheting up investment, because they believe they can make a strategic move. And so as a result, we see players, multiple players, investing to continue to support the business, but also, in a hope to gain share.
Richard P. Wallace: Well, different. I mean, I just went through that, but the wafer looks like it's going up to 40% range, which is similar to, much more similar to what was in June and December. Metrology, 18%, which is actually what it was back in June, and up from September. Reticle, 15% and service at 20%, and other high disk drive and other at 7%. So looking more like our historical kind of numbers.
Richard P. Wallace: Yes, the other half of it was increase in research and -- increase in what we call excess in low demand parts. And when you get a steep inflection in the demand curve, because we came off of a very high booking quarter in Q4, and then you go into a lower booking quarter in Q1, the way our excess model works, is that, that drives a pretty significant, at least, temporary increase in the excess calculation, which results in a P&L hit across the revenue line.
Richard P. Wallace: Yes. Historically, we have brought most of it back. Historically, our scrappage rates are much lower than the absolute dollar that we post for excess in load demand parts. But the truth is, is that because it's a guess, we try to stay conservative with that, and when we do see a demand pull back, we do set up reserves pretty quickly against that. And vice versa, if we see an intermediate to longer-term demand uptick again, I've talked in prior calls, about the fact that, that results in actually, reductions in those reserves, which come back to us in terms of favorable cost of revenue.
Richard P. Wallace: Yes, it's probably more correlated when the bookings levels return, and again, it's a 4-quarters look forward and our best guess at bookings levels. But yes, if you saw a couple of quarters a strong bookings activity return and we were -- you heard optimism on the call in terms of our forecast, that would in turn, trigger reversal of that and it would probably come back -- I don't know how much of it would come back, a full point maybe, maybe 3 quarters of a point, something would likely to come back.
Richard P. Wallace: I think the other way to look at it is the December quarter, we're normally looking at it one-to-ones. So not consuming any backlog and not really building any, which is interesting, given where you think we are in the cycle.
Richard P. Wallace: I think the takeaway is, we're pretty conservative on this, we got a pretty good cushion. And if things play out the way our current view is, then as you go forward, we've got a lot more power, firepower in it. I think the other way to think about it is, we had a really good cushion because of all the uncertainty, and as uncertainty comes out, then it gives you more ability. But we're pretty happy with the way it's playing right now.
Richard P. Wallace: More related to shrink, everything that comes with doing sub-30-nanometer less, based on any particular implementation of sub-30 technology, geographic-based or otherwise. And in both, we're seeing it both in the wafer inspection side of the world, but also, in the metrology side of the world. The other thing is I think, we have a very strong share position. So that's helping us as well.
Richard P. Wallace: Well, we have 500 applications engineers that work closely with our customers, we've got a whole process control solutions group, and we have a lot of customer in action. I'd say, we have quite a bit of intimacy. But with our customers, and so we have our own assessment, as well as what we're hearing from their technologists. But recognize we're in the fabs everyday, we're in R&D every day, with them, creating our solutions and supporting them. So we have -- I think pretty good insight. It's not so much what they say in the conference room but what we see in the fabs and in the engineering part of the world.
Richard P. Wallace: Well, I think its back to the -- there's really one part of the customer base that's spending. We're starting to see signs of life out of other segments like the bare wafer guys, who have been holding back. We've got memory has been turned off, I think DRAM hasn't been spending much at all, and there's more interest in NAND going forward. So I think that largely, the strength is based on limited capacity adds, mostly technology adds. So I think there's a lot of opportunities out there, providing the overall macro situation, doesn't deteriorate. And I think Today, the worlds all breathing a sigh of relief on the macro, and we'll see how long that lasts.
Richard P. Wallace: Well, one thing we know for sure is that the forecast people give, are adjusted all the time. And I've been talking recently with some of our key customers, who as recently in the last week, are thinking about adjusting their CapEx upward for 2012.
Richard P. Wallace: It's splitting in a really small number. I think the NAND as a percent of memory, last quarter, was 17%. So that makes it 4% of total, so pretty small. Going forward, however, the December quarter that snaps back and we see it being 69% of memory, which is 11% of the total. So up, but not at historic levels.
Richard P. Wallace: Sure, Korea was 29% of the September quarter, and December, we're forecasting it to come off of that at about 13%. And as far as next year, I think a couple of factors. Obviously, Korea is made up of several customers, but one major one who's committed recently publicly to continuing the investment throughout 2012, which is great. And the other one has been largely not investing as they go through some transition, and I think if they get through that transition, we would expect there to be spending there as well, as well as some of the other businesses that we have in Korea. So Korea should shape up to be strong for KLA-Tencor in 2012.
Richard P. Wallace: Well, in NAND -- NAND is -- you got to invest. And right now, NAND has been pretty soft in general. What we have seen and what we're encouraged by, as some of the limited activity we had was to get some of our latest technology in wafer inspection into the NAND customers, where they find they are not seeing some of the defects they thought they were seeing. And I think once capacity investment resumes, we'll be in a position to take advantage of that as we support our customers bringing up their new technology. So that's when certainly, we have opportunity in metrology, we tend to do pretty well in NAND, in metrology and in their film thickness business, we also made some progress in our optical CD, which is replacing CD SEM for some of the critical measurements. And all of those bode well for the future, but those are more capacity-related and technology-related, in terms of getting any kind of material impact to our overall business.
Richard P. Wallace: Well, actually to clarify, I don't know that we have visibility into 2012. We have our internal models, that's how we think, things are going to look. And that's their model, since right now, we model 2012 to be down 10. We do see strength, customers a lot of, I think, encouraging signs out of customers as they look forward to 2012. Some have publicly gone in and said they're going to either maintain or increase CapEx. Others have said they're going to come off 10% to 20%. So we add up what they say, it looks pretty good. We do see strength as we indicated by our guide for December, and from there, we can spot many projects that are going on. But we don't -- we're not guiding past December, but we do see encouraging signs. This is truly the bottom in terms of bookings in September, then of course, you'd see a resumption of an increasing trend. Although it can increase for awhile, and still not get back to the peaks of the prior cycle that we just went through. So we are coming off a relatively low base in September.
Richard P. Wallace: Right. Yes, we're hearing very much the same thing and we have a lot of conversations about that when we meet with customers. And I'll just give -- I'll highlight 3 products that I think are supporting our customers' intent to find and fix those defects. Brightfield product line is very strong. As I mentioned, a lot of interest in that, and we're seeing a strong adoption, and we feel very fortunate about our position there and think that'll continue to grow. The same is true for our narrowband tool, our Darkfield tool. We're seeing a lot of adoption, particularly, when we think about some of the opportunities we have in memory, that product is strong. And then the other product that complements those tools, our e-Beam review, where we're seeing a continued gain in market share, because we've got the only review tool in the market that's capable of reviewing the defects that our advanced inspectors find in a fast and efficient manner, and it makes everything more valuable, it makes our Brightfield, and Darkfield more valuable for our customers. Even our bare wafer benefits from it. And our customers find that with that insight as to what their problems are, they have a better shot at fixing them. So I think all those products should continue to be strong, and we're seeing very much the same thing from our customers that you're hearing from them. They need to find and fix these critical defects, is the only way they can ramp these advanced technology nodes.
Richard P. Wallace: I would expect when the smart -- I would expect that our margins will stay relatively consistent with what you've seen in the past. You're right, the price points on some of the new tools are going up but our costs go up as well. And obviously, the research and development leading to them. But we are focused on maintaining our margins, which allows us to do the next-generation of research and development for future tools. So it's pretty consistently built into the KLA-Tencor culture, and we believe, as long as our tools are setting the standard in terms of defect metrology solutions, the price point can be commended.
Richard P. Wallace: Yes, we were the first in this space to introduce dividend. We've been growing that dividend about 12%, 15% a year since we did it. We're committed to the dividend, we think it's a great way to reward shareholders over the long-term. The buyback is another strategy, but we're really focused on the dividend. We do buyback, we bought back stock last quarter, but really, I'd say our emphasis is on returning and rewarding our existing shareholders through the dividend payout, and we're going to continue to support that. And our expectation is as earnings grow over time, we'll be in a position to continue to support that.
Richard P. Wallace: We do see hope for memory, but we didn't see much action. So it’s more talk and less action right now at this point in terms of investment. But there's a lot of interest, and we're having very constructive customer meetings about our advanced technology and capabilities. And again, I'd highlight the wafer inspection products, as well as metrology, both those overlay film thickness, and optical CD. And all those I think, have strong place in memory. So I think we're well-positioned to support memory customers as they return to investment mode. But right now, we're just like everyone, wait and see when that will happen. And we're hopeful that will start. We're not counting it on -- on it for December, but we think the signs are positive as we go forward.
Richard P. Wallace: Yes, we're pretty happy, I think when our operating margin leverage in our model. And the only way we can continue that over time is making sure we make those investments as Mark indicate, so we're going to keep doing that.
Richard P. Wallace: I was going to support your thesis. We certainly see the right signs now as we look forward and of course, we spend our time talking to our customers about the problems and how we can solve them, and not as much about what they're doing with the rest of their spend. But we look at it, and I'd say that there is a significant level of discussion about them needing and wanting our latest capability. So we feel pretty good. And as I said, when we model '12 right now, just to give you a sense, we looked at '11, and the way we shake out when you look at the midpoint of our guide for revenue, and our expectation for industry, will have been up 27%, and WFE about -- up 10%. So we think we've made -- gained some ground there. And then we think about '12 and we think the industry is probably down 15-ish, WFE down 10 to 15 and we're -- if it's down 15, we'd model it, we're down 10. So we think we'll outperform the rest of the industry in 12 as well.
Richard P. Wallace: Means a really good technical challenges. I think specifically, the 2 areas, the 1 in particular is I -- I'm amazed with our engineers, have technologies that can measure some of those. In film thickness in particular, and optical CDs, some of the measurements we need to make there. And I think we've got pretty good approaches to that. And then there's the defect inspection, which I feel pretty good about our position there. But I -- anytime there's major process architecture change, 2 things happen. One, we have to make sure our existing technology can support that change; and the other, is our customers tend to go through integration issues, which cause yield problems which can accelerate their need for inspection measurements. So as long as we're able to capitalize it, on it, I think it creates great opportunity for us, but at the same time, until it plays out, we don't know that. But there's certainly a lot of concern and the reason they're going about is because they -- the conventional path they're on, has kind of ran out of gas beyond 2x.
Richard P. Wallace: It's true. In solar and LED right now, clearly, softening. I think that LED, we have an interesting play there, because we're a leader in the inspection of the epi wafers. So we've got a good position, but it's relatively small. We saw some around 10% percent of our business was non-semi, and the September quarter and even the December that drops down to 7%-ish and it was 6% back in June. So we continue to be hopeful that those businesses will grow, but right now, there's still a reasonably small part of our overall business. And I think throughout 2012, on a relative basis, we hope to see some growth. But solar has got to recover first, and that's going to be a few quarters away at least.
Richard P. Wallace: Raj, yes, you have a good memory. I think there was a speed bump everybody hit, and it was interesting because they thought on 40 and 45. Actually, what happened really, is they jumped from 45 to 40, hit some integration problems and we suddenly watched as order levels with foundry shot up, as a result. Kind of the same phenomena happening in 28. I would say it depends that there's a range of spectrum of yields on 28, depending on which fab line you're in and who's managing that. And I think, it's similar in terms of the challenge, and I think once again, caught many of our customers by surprise, because they thought they had it dialed and perhaps, what they saw in prototyping, they thought would extend the manufacturing, and that's not what's happening. So it's a good opportunity for us. The great part -- the biggest part of that though, is the new technologies that were brought to market, suddenly give us something to show to customers that switched their buying philosophy from, "Boy, that's interesting." To, "I must have it, when can I get my spot? Why don't I have a slot? Why can't you give me more slots?" Which are really -- we want to help our customers, support them, but it's a challenge for us to be able to ramp up. So I think good opportunity for us at 28. And I think the world just gets harder as you go down. And the challenge for us is to make sure we've got the technology to support the advance nodes, which in fact, to Mark's point, why we're going to keep investing.
Richard P. Wallace: Yes, shrink to shrink. There's always the marketing nodes. Our customers can have a marketing node, where there's not a lot of technology involved there. They're pitching it as an advanced technology, or the next-generation, but it's really the same process flow. And then it doesn't necessarily look that way. But by and large, as long as they're making real process transitions, then we got great opportunity.
Richard P. Wallace: I think we've got pretty good share. I think there has been the area where frankly, we've had more challenges with lower-cost competitors, as in DRAM in particular. And part of that is -- I think the challenge that we have in DRAM is that you got redundancy, and so people can -- they don't need quite as pure a process to be able to survive. But that said, I think people are really dealing with the challenges. And lithography is one area where, because of multiple patterning, some of the challenges people face on just look of constraints, we have strong business in the metrology. And I'd say defect inspection, we've got some new product offerings that we think should position us well from a competitive standpoint. But we've got work to do to demonstrate the capability to be able to drive adoption up. And clearly, DRAM market in general is not a particularly, fast-growing market. So I think frankly, NAND has more promise in terms of getting a larger percent of the CapEx, as we go forward.
Richard P. Wallace: Thank you, Steve. Thank you all for joining us on our conference call today, and that concludes our call.
Mark P. Dentinger: I think it's likely to stick around. The levels you're seeing right now maybe even tick up slightly as we go through this year. We'll have to see how the headcount comes through. And R&D is at least partially a function of the timing in materials purchases, and where we are in the R&D cycle. But if it is right now, we're looking at the rest of our fiscal year anyways, with the R&D number, probably north of $100 million per quarter. Not rapid ramp-up from there, but for a while, we're planning to be here.
Mark P. Dentinger: It's hard to tell, it's a function of -- Rick alluded to earlier, when we're getting new orders for -- that have long lead time parts and long lead time supply lines, you can carry backlog even for stuff that's in current demand up to 6 months. When you get a sustained period of a downturn, obviously, you drain the backlog pretty significantly over that period of time. But what we're moving through right now, is obviously a pretty choppy period of a significant up -- with a significant down this quarter, where we're looking for a significant up next quarter. So it's a little hard to tell exactly how the backlog will react, but it is not absolutely given, that it will react a particular way, in response to a change in the demand forecast.
Mark P. Dentinger: This is Mark. Our view right now is that if 2012 played out just as we've been describing it as a down 10% year, we would not take our foot off of the R&D pedal at all, which is the majority -- or not the vast majority, but it's the biggest piece of OpEx. That we would stay on the roadmaps, and we believe our customers would probably have a continued interest in us, advancing those roadmaps. On the G&A side, I wouldn't expect it to grow significantly during 2012 with what our view is right now. But you never know as we get closer. So I would expect that right now, we're probably sized pretty close to what we would expect to be, at least for the first half of 2012, and then we'll sort of play it by ear.
Mark P. Dentinger: Again, I wouldn't -- I'm not ready to say it yet because the people that are indicating higher or thinking about higher, aren't right now, and our model is higher, but its chatter right now, and I would say we'll know a lot more by the time we get to the call for the December quarter. And I have more customer interface with them right now. But the major foundries, I guess if I think about it, 3 of them -- 2 of them had indicated down for 2012, and 1 indicated up and then the others are smaller in terms of the total mix. I don't know that, that could change and certainly, they're more bullish today than they were a few weeks ago.
Mark P. Dentinger: Its' hard to say whether they'll show up or not in Gartner. I know how the input works on that, and I'm not sure. We certainly know what we're hearing from customers. The other factor is that Gartner tends to be based on revenue, and we're looking -- I think, maybe upstream of that. Because we're reacting to how bookings are going. And bookings, for example, let's say you win a new technology node, and it could be a couple of tools, which are booked, and not even revenued, but you have a sense of where the revenue is going to come from after that. That wouldn't show up, and that's more what we're looking at.
