Ed Lockwood: Thank you, Alisha. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to KLA-Tencor's second quarter fiscal year 2010 earnings conference call. Joining me on our call today are Rick Wallace, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Mark Dentinger, our Chief Financial Officer. We are here today to discuss second quarter results for the period ended December 31st, 2009. We released these results this afternoon at 1:15 p.m. Pacific time. If you haven't seen the release, you can find it on our web site at www.kla-tencor.com or call 408-875-3600 to request a copy. A simulcast of this call which will be accessible on demand following its completion on the investor section of our website. On that website, you will find a calendar of future investor events, presentations and conferences, as well as links to KLA-Tencor's SEC filings including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2009 and our subsequently filed 10-Q reports. In the filings you will find descriptions of risk factors that could impact our future results. As you know, our future results are subject to risks. Any forward-looking statements including those we make today are subject to those risks. The KLA-Tencor cannot guarantee those forward-looking statements will come true. Our actual results may differ significantly from those in the forward-looking statements. More information regarding factors that could cause differences is contained in the filings we make with the SEC from time to time, including our fiscal year 2009 Form 10-K and our current reports on Form 8-K. We assume no obligation and do not intend to update those forward-looking statements, however, you could be reassured that any updates we do provide will be broadly disseminated and available over the web. With that, I will turn the call over to Rick.
Ed Lockwood: Thank you, Mark. We are now happy to take your questions. And we once again request each participant to please limit yourself to one question and a brief follow-up to allow us to get as many callers as possible in the time allotted today. And with that, operator, we are ready for our first question.
Ed Lockwood: Thank you, operator. That concludes the time we have for our call today. Thank you all for joining us and we look forward to speaking with you later on in the quarter. Thank you.
Rick Wallace: Yes, CJ, it's Rick. I think that what we see as we look out is that our exposure to memory is increasing. And we did not have that much exposure in the last two quarters as we said then, we saw it going up and we continued to see that happening over time. I think that for us, it might be a little different than some of the process guys that are more capacity related and for that reason; we're anticipating an increase again in the March quarter and better prospects throughout the year. So we don't see a peaking. We also see foundry, while we don't anticipate foundry to be at the same level as percent of our business, we believe and all the indications are it will continue to be strong for us. So we don't see a short-term peak for us.
Rick Wallace: Sure. Yeah. What we are seeing, I think, I characterize. There was an increase of reasonably dramatic increase from some of our customers in their need to respond to the market. And I think that their first inclination in those situations was to ramp up starts and get some process equipment in but they didn't really go to work on yield. We know that the native yield before people can do repairs is very low on the advanced devices, but you can make up for that with repair, but it's not long term, what you really want to be doing in process. So all the conversations and all the discussions we are having with our customers lead us to believe that there's a very high likelihood that we are going to see increased demand as we go forward and enabling our customers to get native yields up and ultimately to get their costs down over time. In terms of the NAND complexion, the NAND was about 25% of the memory orders and memory was only about 17% of what we saw in the December quarter and we anticipate those going to about 35% in the March quarter and we see memory up to probably about 35% of our overall business. So we see a third of a third being left demands. So not – not huge levels of investment yet and NAND and DRAM picking up before, NAND does.
Rick Wallace: Well, I have – I don't have a crystal ball that's any better than – and certainly not as active as all of you guys that cover the space. Let me put it this way, we are not building our business and planning our future based upon exceeding the prior peak. And we believe we can continue to grow and we can exceed our prior peak without the industry exceeding its prior peak. That said, if it does, we will certainly be in a position to capitalize from it. But part of our acquisition strategy was to get into new TAMs to give us new exposure to new markets so that if the next cycle wasn't as high, we still have great opportunities for growth.Krish Sankar – Bank of America: Thank you.
Rick Wallace: Yeah. Kate, we've had pretty steady improvement in our bookings. This is the fourth sequential up quarter for us since the December 2008 level. We feel pretty good about where we are. I can't comment on the other players. What I do know is as I just mentioned, we did not see and did not anticipate seeing memory to be a catalyst for us in the near term. We saw it as a growing and important part of our business but not the dominant part but we do see it increasing over time and we are anticipating even in this quarter, in the March quarter, where memory will go from 17% of our order book to about 35%. So – and we expect that increase to continue over time.
Rick Wallace: I think for us, just do the model of what we said last quarter, we did in foundry in the quarter before, we did 76% of our business in September. We did 59% in December and we're anticipating about 54% in March for foundry. So it will become a smaller percent of our overall business as our business is going up. So we think foundry continues to invest at similar levels. There are some pretty big foundry projects that are not currently being booked because they are out of their out of their ways in terms of getting facilities ready. While there could be near term lows is in that, the largest foundry players are committed to increasing CapEx. The largest foundry driving those guys. So we think it should be a pretty robust year for foundry throughout the year, but, you know, you can always – it's very hard smoothing function on these to predict exactly quarter by quarter. We anticipate from the calendar year that foundry will be strong throughout 2010.
Rick Wallace: Yeah. We don't typically – we haven't guided shipments in the last five quarter or so, Kate. We do have an internal expectation but we don't externally guide it.
Rick Wallace: It is different. I mean I there was every sequential generation from memory. They start up with lower yields and they have to compensate through repair. And that' certainly, there are standings we have .Yes, it is different. I mean, I think that with every sequential generation for memory, they start off with lower yield and they have to compensate through repair and that's certainly the understanding that we have. So the native yield right out is rather low. And, you know, as we see it, that's not really different, it's got more difficult, I think for our customers. But it doesn't keep them from shipping and it actually doesn't even keep them from yielding. It keeps them from being as cost effective as they want to be. So what we plant it is, improving that overall native yield and sometimes that result them having a ship, a lower density device off the same ship because of yield concerns. So we are seeing a lot of pressure, without going any specific customer details, you can imagine what's driving it. The NAND [ph] guys are driving the most advanced design and the memory guys have a lot of concerns about the overall process integration. So we are seeing that pressure right now from many of our customers and are working closely with them to serve it. We are also, engaged heavily in the R&D but also trying to help them in production work through those problems. But I say increased problems and they do have a way to compensate, but it's harder for them, at the beginning of a ramp, they just want to get wafers out and they want to get chips out. So, I think they are more prone to start more wafers than a foundry might be.
Rick Wallace: Yeah. Absolutely. And it's pretty much concentrated in the sense there's a concentrated number of foundries but we are seeing activity from all of them and I think that, that really has been the story. There's obviously leading foundry companies who has been investing and has now heavy investment but others have followed as well. So we are seeing really cost foundry state. Obviously there's another foundry player with plans for a new fab coming late in the year, which will be a bit of an inflection point.
Rick Wallace: No. There wasn't a reverse adjustment in the sense that we didn't take anything out but we did actually bring a net 33 back in, which I alluded to in this distinction between new orders and net orders in the quarter, Tim. And that is that, again, when you go into an upturn, things that pushed out of our 12-month visibility which is the definition of what's on backlog. We typically take out of our backlog and call that a push out. When you are on a ramp back in, those orders tend to come back in and we brought $33 million back in on the quarter.
Rick Wallace: Yes, Tim, again, we look at calendar '09 and it did gain. We saw the intensity of process control was higher than the prior year and the early signs, I think, there will certainly be quarters where that won't be true but we think an aggregate, as we look across, we will see that play out. Obviously time will tell, but a lot of that goes to the indications. The comments that I made earlier about what's happening and particularly in memory. We were the first to admit, we were not going to come on as fast as the other guys did in memory but we see a steady increase in that as we go forward. And of course, we benefit in some areas that perhaps the other guys haven't as much. So year on year, we believe strongly in our thesis that we'll outgrow overall WFE in calendar 2009. Calendar 2010 as we did in 2009.
Rick Wallace: Yes, Steven. I wouldn't say we are necessarily taking share. I think our share position kind of stays in the same range as it has. I think that it is true we are seeing, I think, some benefit from adoption and so that's part of, part of our story. We did some business in their wafer segment. I wouldn't say it was the main guys but it was signs from some of the other players that we had, we had some signs of life there, which is great to see because it's been quite a while and we've talked about that in the past, that that was one of the legs that hadn't really turned on. I wouldn't say it's a large percent of our business but there was some improvement there and we would anticipate as we model the demand for wafers and the overall industry trajectory. We think that as we move through this calendar year, that business will continue to improve. But right now, it's a relatively anemic compared to prior peaks.
Rick Wallace: Steve, it's hard to say. We are certainly hopeful of that, but I also believe that it will take some time. I think the solar dynamics are challenging and I think that that's part of the issue here. There is capital being spent but, as we look at it, we think our share position is good. I'm a little bit waiting to see on that. So we think the current run rate we've got is pretty good. The good news for us is we are in a good margin position on that business. So, we're not in need of huge volume to be making it accretive to our model and we also didn't invest heavily in R&D for that. That's how we are playing that market.
Rick Wallace: Yeah. We don't breakout the individual products but what I can tell you is we have seen some activity in the backend, which has been encouraging. I think the backend had really shutoff during last year and we saw that comeback and so that's encouraging, we see a number of opportunities there. We do see some high brightness LED opportunities and some good growth there but off a very small basis. Even our business like sensor, we have seen a nice pickup in that business so really they are starting to kick in. I would say the acquisitions still have a ways to go to get to their full potential and we're working very hard to see that happen but from my perspective, they represent upside as we move forward.Raj Seth – Cowen & Company: All right. Thank you.
Rick Wallace: So I would say we definitely see constraints in our supply chain. I think there's no way you can go from where the industry was, to where it is now and not have strain in the supply chain, in the same way perhaps our customers see constraints from us. That said, you can imagine there's a tremendous amount of work going on to close those gaps, to not lift those shipments and to be in a position to support our customers. So from our standpoint our materials people our manufacturing people, are working really hard and doing a great job of closing those gaps so we can meet those customer demands. But there's no question that when you whipsawed an industry the way this one has been whipsawed you will going to run into to some those constraints. Unfortunately, I think throughout the cycle we stayed very close with our key suppliers worked closely with them to be in a position to anticipate ramping up and we continue to do that and I think that that's again, there's a lot of work going on in our manufacturing area around the world to try to close those gaps.Wenge Yang – Oppenheimer & Company: Thank you.
Rick Wallace: I don't know what their visibility is, Steven. I mean I think that's part of the challenge for us. I think from our standpoint, we have pretty good dialogue and discussion with customers, I think that given the nature of our products and the lead time of our products, I think most of our customers know that the products that they want from us, they can't just get and order and get in the same quarter. So I think that gives us probably, naturally a bit more visibility into what's going on with our customer base. That's why I think if you look back at the ramp, we've been pretty consistently doing what we thought we would do relative to this ramp. So I would say from that perspective, our visibility is better actually than it's been in quite a while. A year ago, I said we had no visibility into anything. Now, I think we've got at least more like normal visibility.
Rick Wallace: Yeah. I wouldn't want to breakout specific regions. I guess, it's probably okay to talk about Taiwan. I think that Taiwan has got a couple of – you really obviously the kind of two groups there and I think that there has been as you know, more investment, at least dollars becoming available and I think given the pricing and this better than I do, I think they are in a better position to make investments going forward. And Taiwan obviously, has been an important region for us but I would say that the next four quarters I think will tell the story, because we are anticipating more investment in memory overall and if anyone doesn't invest over the next four quarters, I think they are going to have to have a different strategy beyond that because they are just going to be out of position. I think everybody got a bit of a pass if you go back over the last year of not investing because the leaders had backed off so much that’s no longer, okay. So the deal if you don't keep your investment going you better find a different strategy that doesn't rely on the leading edge, does that make sense.
Rick Wallace: Yeah. Why don't we start with the one-time charges, they are not actually technically all of one-time. We have an unresolved stock option litigation exercise, which we're hoping comes to an end at some point in the future, but that's very difficult to predict and as long as that's out there, we are adopting the industry convention and sweeping that up. Obviously, that's one where it will not be ongoing in the long-term run in the model but it's hard to say when it gets cutoff short-term. The second – sort of batch of GAAP to non-GAAP adjustments goes with acquisition premiums. Typically, those intangible assets that we acquire along with the acquisitions, they get amortized over three to five years and if you don't do an acquisition for three to five years after about a five period, you will see those things essentially fade away. The third category is something that is completely out of the normal operating purview of the company has just a one-time settlement something like that those are little bit difficult to predict. In terms of restructuring charges, which we do have a small amount this quarter, we're pretty much near the end of that presuming we don't have a big course correction with the worldwide economic situation in 2010. The latest restructuring charge had to deal with the campus consolidation from us moving to out of our performer [ph] over to repeated that is now done. So we don't anticipate anything there. The final category, which I won't bore you with has to do with the tax treatment of employee stock grants and that is – that we are earn an unusual meaning that not many other companies are in it, where we are in an excess shortfall position cumulatively and when you are in that position the tax impact, if it exceeds the book impact of employee stock charges actually windup running through your tax expense line, instead of your equity. That will go back and forth between quarters most companies are not in the excess shortfall position, so they basically take all of those charges through equity, we are doing that sometimes in the quarters in which we are taking through in the tax expense line we are scheduling them out. So the short answer your question is the nonrecurring stuff that comes out of the blue that's hard to see should be infrequent. The other areas where we are seeing some consistently – some consistency hopefully fade in the relatively, let's call it the intermediate term. It won't be next quarter.
Rick Wallace: It really depends. I think they all have opportunities and inside it's a horse race for these guys to see how the different divisions operate. I definitely think that there's tremendous opportunities for metrology but it's like anything you've just got to execute against them. So right now, we have models but we are not forecasting any particular segment over the other. I would say the yield challenges out there have certainly presented a lot of opportunities but you look at advanced lithography and it creates a lot of metrology opportunities as well.
Rick Wallace: Yes. Tim, it's a good question. I think, again, what we attribute it to is kind of two things. One is there's no question that the memory guys have not seen the same level of pain causing them to act as the foundry guys. No question. Just shows in our numbers. I think the other question is have we demonstrated our capability as effectively with the memory guys causing them to act? And I would say that's where we have more work to do. We think we have done some good work. We think it's going to continue to progress. We think the opportunity is there but I'm like you in terms of we've got to demonstrate it and prove it and we saw signs of improvement over the last quarter. We are forecasting March again up. I think we have been pretty consistent on what we have been able to do with memory but we have to demonstrate it over the next year. We think the opportunity is there. We just think that we've got to execute and demonstrate our abilities there and then the numbers will prove themselves. But it's pretty hard to argue with the analysis to date.
Rick Wallace: No. I think, Timmy gets down to a conversation that goes like this. Look, if you can solve this problem for us, if you can demonstrate you can find these defects at this throughput at this cost of ownership, we will deploy your tool. If you haven't done demonstrated that then we are going to wait and see and we are going to find other ways around it. One other way around it is repair but we don't like that because that's a painful process and ultimately we need you to solve the problem. So I think there's some technical challenges that we've got to overcome. There's some demonstrating that we've got to do and if we execute on that and we are seeing signs of that and we will see it continue to grow as part of our business, you know from my standpoint, the good news is the opportunity is there. The challenge for us is to demonstrate that our tool set solves those problems and we'll generate the ROI. So I think the opportunity is there. We just got to execute on it.
Rick Wallace: So did you check out our metrology percent, you tracked it over time? That's how you came up with that.Mahesh Sanganeria – RBC Capital Markets:
Rick Wallace: I think that's a great question. It's not about the wafer. It's much more related metrology probably as a better proxy for us for process equipment. It's the part of our business that looks more like process equipment than does our wafer business. But the products that go and sell to the wafer manufacturers, if that's what you were referring to.Mahesh Sanganeria – RBC Capital Markets: Right.
Rick Wallace: Yes. we don't expect to add as I indicated the two operative left three operative levers in operating expenses are the head count levels of the company how much material procurement we do on new purchase and development projects. That can go up and down a little bit. Right now it's fairly stable and the other is variable compensation which does tend to go up and down with our expectations about the business, but as I indicated in my prepared remarks, we wouldn't expect to see wild fluctuations in the expense level at least in the near to intermediate term. I will call it less than six to nine months. At least for the short term, for short term modeling purposes I wouldn't expect it to move around a lot.Mahesh Sanganeria – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you.
