Ed Lockwood: Thank you, Candice. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our conference call. Joining me on our call today are Rick Wallace, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Mark Dentinger, our Chief Financial Officer. We're here to discuss first quarter results for the period ended December 31, 2012. We released these results this afternoon at 1:15 p.m. Pacific Daylight Time. If you haven't seen the release, you can find it on our website at www.klatencor.com or call (408) 875-3600 to request a copy. A simulcast of this call will be accessible on demand following its completion on the Investor Relations section of our website. There, you'll also find a calendar of future investor events, presentations and conferences, as well as links to KLA-Tencor's SEC filings, including our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2012, and our subsequently filed 10-Q reports. In those filings, you'll find descriptions of risk factors that could impact our future results. As you know, our future results are subject to risks. Any forward-looking statements, including those we make on this call today, are subject to those risks, and KLA-Tencor cannot guarantee those forward-looking statements will come true. Our actual results may differ significantly from those projected in our forward-looking results. More information regarding factors that could cause those differences is contained in the filings we make with the SEC from time to time, including our fiscal year 2012 Form 10-K and our current reports on Form 8-K. We assume no obligation and do not intend to update those forward-looking statements. However, any updates we do provide will be broadly disseminated and available over the web. With that, I'll turn the call over to Rick.
Ed Lockwood: Okay. Thank you, Mark. At this point, we'd like to open the call up to Q&A. [Operator Instructions] So Candice, we're ready for our first question.
Ed Lockwood: Thank you, Candice. I'd like to thank everyone on behalf of the management team for joining us here today. An audio replay of today's call will be available on our website later this afternoon. And once again, we appreciate your interest in KLA-Tencor. Thank you.
Richard P. Wallace: Yes, we did see some strengthening recently. Primarily, it looks like foundry is a little bit better than we felt when we had talked about the down 10% to 15% based on some recent news that we've seen. What that means for KLA-Tencor is positive because we do all in foundry and the needs for process control are only increasing as the transition happens to 20-nanometer, which is what's going on in 2013. So we anticipate that we will outperform the industry this year, as we have in the last couple, based on the increasing intensity of process control, plus the mix of customers.
Richard P. Wallace: Terence, yes, it's Rick. I think that it's associated with 2 things. One is, I think there is more broad demand, so it's not simply with one customer. We're seeing some strength in others as well. And we do see 20-nanometer. I think the understanding of the challenges associated with 20-nanometer are playing it out. So we believe it's likely that they'll be a differential investment in process control as a result. So I think it's both factors at work.
Richard P. Wallace: It's a great question. Unfortunately, it's a rather complicated answer. I think it depends upon a couple of factors. One is, if the companies that are moving forward, in general, have an experience in 3D, then their process control perhaps is better understood and they might be a little less intensive than others that haven't. But we see, in general, increased demand in metrology as one area certainly where 3D drives demand, especially in product lines such as our optical CD and our films measurement tools. We also see a different kind of defectivity concern, which drives adoption, in our case, at the very high-end brightfield inspectors, which is necessary as people are trying to deal with the aspect ratios and the defectivity. We haven't really quantified exactly how much is the increase between 28 and 20. We already see some of the demand. We'd say that probably 1/3 of our orders today are associated for 20 or below. So we're already seeing that start to play out, but we think it will accelerate through the rest of the calendar year as people look at adding more capacity for the 20-nanometer node. Beyond 20, the question of 16 or 14, depending on how you define it, we think there's still investigation as to what's going to be needed, and we're working very closely with customers on that.
Richard P. Wallace: Sure, C.J. I think that when we looked forward, we actually saw some increase -- slight increase. And memory, actually, as a percent of our whole, went up a little bit in the December quarter, and we're anticipating that to continue to grow as a percentage of our total. So we'll see some memory pick up even in March but more pronounced in the second half, and we think that's driven more by technology investment and some capacity in NAND as we get to the second half. Logic, pretty steady in the last couple of quarters. I shouldn't say steady, I should say lumpy but kind of a steady average run rate. We see it at about 25%, 26% for the March quarter and then continue investment through the year. Foundry, actually, we anticipate coming off as a percent, and more in the 50% to 52% range is what we're snapping right now when we look ahead, which is down from the 67% we did. As we go through the year, foundry, I think, is somewhat dependent on overall what happens with 20-nanometer and how many players are really in -- and expanding that. We know there are some activity and some customers, but how that broadens out and the timing of that will influence, I think, whether it's flat or slightly down for the year. We do see some memory strength in logic, I think, pretty steady, maybe some increase in logic, but again, we'll have to see how the year progresses.
Richard P. Wallace: Right. I think it's a big question right now. I think from many of the established guys, they're trying to figure out if they are going to lean in to 20 heavily or if they're going to wait for 16 or 14, depending on what they see as end-demand. I think the other challenge that people have is what the manufacturability is of 20 and how the prices come down. There's certainly a lot of interest. I think that the initial skepticism about the number of customers has reduced. Frankly, I think there's more interest than there was. As far as whether it ends up being bigger than 28, I'm really not in a great position to answer that. I do know that from a process complexity standpoint, there's certainly a lot of concern about the number of processes that are changing, and that's what's driving a lot of our business. But I don't think we're in the best position to answer the actual magnitude of the capacity. I think it depends on a lot of factors. But we certainly see a lot of challenges associated with getting the process under control both from a defectivity standpoint and a process -- overall process control from metrology. So with all the changes with APL, 3D structures and the general scaling challenges, it should be a robust environment for process control and for KLA-Tencor.
Richard P. Wallace: We're not anticipating anything beyond what they've said publicly, which is a slight increase. I think they've stated 6% up for their CapEx. So the target mostly, the anticipated, what I've heard them talk publicly about is that, that will be first half, more loaded toward the first half. But I think as we all know, the foundries actually review their CapEx investment strategy more frequently than annually for sure in this environment. So I think it's very hard for us to speculate because our customers don't actually know what they're going to end up doing. We do know that the change, the volatility, the upside of all these great foundry business has been that there's good business for KLA-Tencor and we continue to perform very well in this market. The challenge is that as a result of the volatility and the lack of ability to really forecast, we end up, as a result, having to be more responsive, which impacts some of the things like we've talked already around inventory and our flexibility in operations to support it. But I can't really tell what they're going to do because I think, frankly, our customers are nimble and respond to the market as it plays out. Our overall thesis though is we'll continue to outperform the market, and the general consensus we're getting is a better outlook than we had a few weeks ago even and probably in the range of flat to down 5 right now.
Richard P. Wallace: I don't underestimate any competitor, and I think it's true that AMAT's got a renewed focus in general. It has caused us, I think -- we take note of all competitors. And certainly, we're in a very attractive space, and people are going to try to penetrate. So we're increasing our level of investment, and I'd say that we are very focused on satisfying our customers. And our strategy is to play our own game and play it -- take it to the next level and respond to customers and continue to invest in our road map. But I absolutely take seriously all competitors and have a lot of respect for the guys over there.
Richard P. Wallace: Oh, I think there are certain cases where it makes sense to have metrology integrated. I think it ends up actually being a question of process control. And when there's a high-enough variation, then you want to reduce the lag time from the measurement to the correctables. And for a long time, for example, some basic measurements have been made in situ, in places like film thickness and CMP for many years. The question is, can you make the measurements that you need to make and get the feedback quick enough? And is it cost-effective? And do you need to make that frequent of a measurement, depending on how the variation is going? But I certainly think people are always looking for ways to improve their process control, and integrated has always been an idea that people have had. It's interesting because I don't think it's truly in situ. In situ would imply that it's actually in the environment. So the real -- there's only a couple of in-situ measurements that happened, and those tend to happen in chambers or in environments. These are tools that are actually linked to the process equipment themselves, whether it's to the -- often in the case of litho, it'd be linked to the tracks. And so I do think that there are opportunities there, and it's always a question of cost effectiveness against the perceived need, against the impact of reliability and uptime. But it's certainly an area where people have been exploring for a number of years. And I wouldn't be surprised if there's more interest, especially as the design rules create more need for more and more control.
Richard P. Wallace: A lot of drivers, NAND, but actually, in the December quarter, it was about 50-50. So we did see some investment associated and primarily in technology-related. And I think for a long time, the memory guys, especially DRAM, have been somewhat on hold regarding investments, and now we're seeing some catch-up. There is an outlook that has NAND increasing and maybe even adding capacity later in the year. Our forecast, for what it's worth, for the March quarter is that it bumps up a little bit higher to 60% of the total memory forecasts. So still not back to levels in the past but certainly off of what was a very low number just a few quarters ago.
Richard P. Wallace: Yes. It varies. I think it depends on product capability, process change and the availability of tools. I would say that by and large, we do not see a lot of reuse happening, and we actually have set up and offer to sell, even refurbish some of our older equipment. But in the leading edge, the reuse tends to happen in process areas that are not as sensitive, in fact, often not even key inspection or measurement points. So therefore, it doesn't really lend itself because our tools tend to be utilized pretty -- people are very careful about where they implement them, and they tend to implement them on the processes that have the least amount of margin, which is not where reuse happens. So even though years ago we set up a business to support it, it's actually not been extremely active us -- either for us or anyone else because on the leading edge, the things people are pushing are things that need metrology and inspection. So it hasn't impacted KLA-Tencor, and I think it may be another reason why process control will continue to increase as a percent of the overall spend, as people try to leverage the assets that they have.
Richard P. Wallace: So, again, we're not -- I don't think we're the best people to forecast this because we're going largely on what's being said publicly. But in order for us to get to a flat or down 5 kind of range, we are accounting for what's been publicly stated. Now we also think that, that's going to change based on history. So yes, it accounts for increases on the 2 major players and the decrease in the other player.
Richard P. Wallace: Sure. Yes, we've already shipped 450 tools, and we continue to do that. We're shipping primarily to equipment manufacturers. And so some of the first tools that went out for that were -- are bare wafer particle inspection tools. We're actually seeing some demand for other equipment or services that we offer for 450. We have wafers that we make smart wafers that are used in that, in our sensory division that we're seeing some demand for as well. So we are already supporting the equipment world for their preparation for 450. And we will have a rollout over time of the additional equipment as we phase in the next-generation. We're not retrofitting any existing tools. What we're doing is, when we introduce new models in the road map going forward, they have 450 capability in them, by and large, is how we're going to satisfy it. So we believe we're well-aligned to the latest industry thinking on timing. I'll also point out that in the past, the initial entry of 450 or any wafer size change was well in advance of any production. So the challenge, I think, the industry has is satisfying pilot needs, followed often several years later by the time you get to full production.
Richard P. Wallace: Well, I think it depends on how you quantify the overall investment. I wouldn't want to say that our business is going to go 40% up as a result of the same silicon capability, maybe the same die out but if you take into account shrinks. We are seeing additional points. I think what's important to understand is, the way our customers figure this out is they'll go through pilot, which they're doing, and they'll try to map out where they need, what kind of capability. And that's kind of an ongoing characterization process. And then they will -- as they're ramping, tune that, depending on what they discover in terms of how much process control they actually have over the process, both inspection and metrology, so we anticipate that the transition to 20 has similar characteristics to the transition from 45 or 40 down to 28 in terms of the challenges, the number of process steps, the number of critical layers and, therefore, we think in similar increase in intensity as we go forward. All that being said, I think in the end, that's how we derive the increased performance of process control in KLA-Tencor versus the rest of the capital budgets that people are -- the different sectors inside of WFE.
Richard P. Wallace: Well, I think e-Beam is essential, I think that -- particularly for a review. I think that the ability to be able to see the defects that you're catching, you can catch defects without resolving them, but it's very hard to take corrective action without better insight into what the defects are, which is why the primary application for e-Beam is in review. Inspection offers some advanced capability but has their limitations. So we offer inspection as well and have for quite a number of years, trying to meet the needs in some niche places. The challenge for e-Beam inspection, much like the challenge, frankly, for e-Beam and lithography, is throughput and the ability to target the e-Beams to get them effectively, to get enough down onto a wafer and return so that you can image them and determine the defectivity leaves you at least 100x gap versus optical. And we don't see anything that's going to limit capability of optical inspection at 10-nanometer below. It will continue to get more challenging and expensive as it has. But inspection -- optical inspection tends to lag lithography by -- I think of it as 1 to 2 generations. So you can envision, if you're doing EUV-like lithography, you can optically inspect that with what is essentially 200-nanometer, sub 200-nanometer optical inspection, so you don't have to be at the wavelength. e-Beam has, as I said, some attributes that are highly valuable, but it has many challenges, not just throughput but also associated with the kind of nuisance effects that the e-Beams create and the charging. So we do have active programs. We believe there is a role for it. We've been investing in for a long time. I just don't see it replacing optical as the core technology for inspection.
Richard P. Wallace: Yes. I don't see them being year-over-year up. Actually, when we're modeling it, we have them flat to slightly down but second half-loaded, primarily associated with DRAM capacity that comes on, depending on what you anticipate for results. We actually have seen some positive momentum in our space. But overall, for CapEx, we're not modeling memory up, in fact, slightly down or flattish, if you will. And I think that the benefit from some of the recent integration of some of the M&A out there was we have customers that are out now making investments in advanced inspection capabilities in order to enable them to do technology migration. So that's where we're seeing a benefit.
Richard P. Wallace: I think reticle is going to be lumpy going forward. I don't think there's -- that there is not a huge demand being created at the leading edge based upon the work that's going on in double patterning. And there is a lot of high-end capability that's been served already. So we have basically done a great job of penetrating the leading edge with our leading technology. So most of the activity tends to be more in the fab lines for recall, which is not a big -- as big a market and is something that, of course, we're focused on. But I don't think I'll provide the same size that we saw when we were launching and introducing the 6xx. Compensating for that is the increased opportunity in process control around multi-patterning. So the corresponding decline overall in the reticle is made up by increases and opportunities in overlay. So I think that on balance, it ends up actually looking pretty comparable but a shift of products based on the technology. When it will come back is when we see or if we see advanced EUV really take off, then there'll be a lot of opportunity in reticle again. But right now, that seems to be further in the future than it was just a few months ago.
Richard P. Wallace: Not really very different from last year in terms of overall products mix for us. I mean, we are seeing that, basically, if you look at overall CapEx, you could have different models. But let's say you say down 5%, foundry is flattish to down 10%, logic is probably flattish. So the impact to us is that not a lot changes in the customer mix or the kind of process controls being utilized, except for the more advanced process control because we're a further along in the technology road map a year later.
Richard P. Wallace: I think our customers are focused on accelerating faster. They certainly get a lot of competitive pressure in the market. They recognized -- certainly, the fabless companies have recognized that first to market wins. So when I talk to our customers about it, they're expecting and planning to ramp faster than they did on 28. And I think most of the customers recognize the challenges that they faced in 28. So that's why I think we're seeing increased interest in process control on KLA-Tencor equipment to facilitate that. But every technology node, our customers say that they want to ramp faster, but this one is coming on the heels of what was pretty challenging for many ramp. So I think that there's increased heightened sensitivity to that.
Richard P. Wallace: There's certainly development going on around 3D, as you know, and I think there's -- that creates opportunity for us. There's definitely interest, in general, in pushing patterning further, but I think the NAND guys are struggling a bit with that. So we're seeing overall increased focus on supporting technology migration, and that is certainly driven, I'd say, right now in NAND by the 3D work, although we don't expect to see production for that until probably late in this year. [Audio Gap]
Richard P. Wallace: I think that there is definitely challenges that create different opportunities for us. And so we often talk internally. If we can solve our critical customer problems that creates opportunity for us, return for them, so any time there's a shift in technology, it creates opportunities. And often, it obsoletes existing capability, although we'll try to reapply whatever we can. But certainly, as people go in the y-dimension, one of the biggest challenges they have is, especially when there are many, many process steps that are in a closed environment, it pushes things like qualifying the tools very hard, which interestingly plays to our bare wafer capability because you wouldn't necessarily think it. But it's a way to qualify tools so that making sure that they are not contaminating at all as they're going through these multiple steps. It also creates opportunities for people looking for defects with optical tools and then trying to figure out what they are with review tools. So it helps us in that regard. So we do see opportunities, and it does cause us to have to modify some of the technology, which means new tool sets in order to do that often, or pushing, as I said in the bare wafer case, pushing existing capability even harder.
Richard P. Wallace: Well, given that foundry was 2/3 of our orders, then obviously, foundry was a big player in terms of how the bookings came out. We've widened the range of guidance often because there is a customer concentration. So you never quite know if deals are going to happen, when they're going to happen. But the foundry space, as we said, about 1/3 of our business in foundry is around the 20-nanometer work and the rest is 28. So I'd say that foundry was the larger influence. But there was stuff that came in at the end of the quarter, which we were not expecting, which is how we ended up above the range of guidance for bookings. And that was actually across the board. We saw some memory business come in that we didn't anticipate, we saw some logic come in and we saw some foundry. So it was generally strengthening at the end of the year, which I take to be a very good sign.
Richard P. Wallace: Well, there's certainly -- I mean, part of the reason to go to 20 is to not have the die size go up. So you have your choice of either increasing the functionality on the same size or actually reducing it. But the only point was that what's been fascinating about mobility is the notion that people would be -- have good enough performance and stop innovating, and we've definitely seen that, that's not the case. So as people go to 20, they're definitely going to push very hard on shrinking. The question is, will they then add multiple cores or will they expand to get more performance? And I think certainly, in some cases, that's going to be the case. And then you also have graphic dies, for example, that try to use these larger die as they can to provide the most functionality. So we're seeing both, but I'd say that it's a similar phenomenon to what we saw in microprocessors in the '90s, where die not only got more complex but got larger over time.
Richard P. Wallace: Well, I think that there are definitely reasons for people to try to increase the capability in overlay, and certainly, the idea of having more functionality closer to the process can make sense. What we're seeing right now is that the overlay market has expanded quite a bit. I do think customers are going to try to pursue alternatives to get their process under control, first and foremost, and then to manage their costs. So we always anticipate any change like that to be one that could potentially displace us unless we continue to add more value and create more capability for our customers. And so we take it seriously, we take any alternative approach seriously and it drives us to create more capability in our products and continue to innovate and continue to invest in them. So we're the leaders in overlay. We think we've got a great position to build upon. But we certainly look at the opportunity associated with the challenges of process control to also be a potential disruptor, and we've got to continue to make investments and support our customers to optimize our position.
Richard P. Wallace: Well, it wouldn't be a litho tool, it'd be a track. The integration doesn't really happen on litho because you have to have developed -- people have tried to do latent image measurement. It's just very hard to do and has been unsuccessful in the past. So the opportunity actually happens in the track. And yes, there is an opportunity to do that. But they're integrated and we've been looking at integrated for many, many years. And there are some advantages and then there are some challenges. The real question is, is the rate of change fast enough to warrant dedicating one tool per one track, which is what it would take? And there are customers that are experimenting with that, but there are those that have concluded that, that's not the best way to go. But we're certainly in close conversations with the people that are interested in that capability to provide that if that's the path they choose to go down.
Mark P. Dentinger: Yes, Satya, this is Mark. It has less to do with the customer distribution than it simply had to do -- we are going through a pretty active period of product transitions right now, and we built up the inventories somewhat purposely to accommodate that. And when we do, do that, you do get some excess and -- excess demand outcome as a result of that, and we had to take some reserves. Now historically, we tended to get some of those back, but that does take a little bit of time to come back through the system. And we do expect it will digest these and then return to a more normal level in the next quarter or 2.
Mark P. Dentinger: No, there's been no meaningful shift in the equipment mix. This is Mark. Basically, what we're experiencing right now is that we're getting clipped a little bit on excess demand issues, largely in conjunction with building up the inventories to be more responsive to the customer circumstances and to manage the supply lines. And we do believe that, that is, at least -- let's call it a 1-, 2-quarter phenomenon and then it should resettle back into more normal levels. We also are responding the same issue a little bit on our service side as the distribution in the multiyear migration towards the foundries has reallocating balances into the service inventory levels as well. So those 2 phenomena, I think, are underway. It's just a question of how long that -- if you will, that transition is going to be with us. But in terms of just the raw margin, in terms of the -- on the product sales, that does not appear to be a factor.
Mark P. Dentinger: This is Mark. I think you're going to see OpEx basically in the range of 215 to 220 for the rest of the year. We won't be aggressively adding headcount at this point, but you do get some lumpiness as a result of material bias and whatnot in the R&D lab. So I think that's not a bad range to think about, but again, we'll update you quarterly if things change.
