Bren Higgins: Yes, Krish. Thanks for the comments. Hey, I'll start here, but you have to remember that everybody uses a different baseline. So that's why I put the baseline in there. So I said that against the baseline of 2020 of $61 billion, we saw a – we see growth from there in the low-to-mid 20s percentile as – with bias to the upside. So I think that as we see it, you do the math on that, that puts you in that sort of $75 billion plus range of WFE, and certainly the momentum that we saw over the course of the quarter has increased pretty substantially, really across all segments. So we feel pretty good, not only about the growth of the overall industry, but the positioning of the semi process control segment against that industry growth expectation. So I think that it sets up well for us, we have to execute over the remainder of the year, but I think it sets up well for us in terms of relative performance against the industry.
Bren Higgins: Yes, John, thanks for the question. So when you look back at the March quarter, most of the growth sequentially in the quarter came from the semi process control business. And as Rick just mentioned and that's a richer business for us overall. So that combined with the upside in the quarter in terms of incremental revenue is what drove the margins up to where they were. It's a little bit lower as we look at the June quarter. It’s still in line with the kind of guidance that we've been providing at 62% plus or minus. So we're mostly in line with that as we look at quarter-to-quarter, we do have some sequential growth in EPC, and so that's diluted from that standpoint. But in general, I think that the margin drivers structurally are all pretty solid. We're seeing nice leverage overall in the business from the activities – the strength of the business and the activities in our factory. So we're seeing good efficiencies there. And then over the course of the year, I think just given the directionally where it's moving, as I mentioned last quarter, I thought it was 61.5% to 62% for the year, certainly the stronger outlook in terms of top line, but also just the drivers underneath in terms of what we're expecting from certain products. I think we're in line with that sort of 62% to 62.5% that I talked about on prepared remarks. And given the strength in the business overall probably more biased to the upper end of that range. So I think that there is sustainable traction in these areas, particularly around certain products. We talked about the inflection and growth and optical inspection. So anytime you see products like that inflecting, that's going to drive to a richer mix overall for the overall business.
Bren Higgins: John, I’d just add – I'm sorry, just one other thing – I think just in terms of overall growth rates, right, so we talked about the accelerated growth relative to the market in 2020 and I would expect this business to grow faster than market again in 2021. So I think the good thing about the complementary nature of our e-beam solutions with our optical is driving higher relevancy in use case application across the optical inspection, which is the large market, right, that's the market, that's $2 billion plus in terms of opportunities. So to give you some perspective on the strategy overall, but there is an inflection here, that's validating, I think the relevancy of optical inspection in a lot of different ways.
Bren Higgins: Yes CJ, I always struggle a little bit with these questions just because everybody uses different baselines. I don't know what the baselines were for the different companies and sometimes they don't even share them, so you don't really know when you're thinking about percentages. So I try to show our work here and let you know how we're thinking about it. If you look at 2020, that KLA’s performance was pretty much in line with the market, if you went from $50 million to $53 billion in 2019 to 2020 at $61 billion, that's about 16% overall. And if you look at semi-PC equipment, it was in that ballpark. So as we look at this year, as I said earlier, if you're looking at $75 billion plus I think that's where the industry is against the $61 million baseline, then you're like in the mid-20s to our prepared remarks and against that backdrop, I would expect process control to do very well. And so we'll see how it goes, I'm not going to guide the second half, certainly we would expect the second half to be stronger in that business overall. And I think the drivers are pretty compelling and pretty broad based. So we'll see how it goes as we move forward here, but that's – I think that's how I see it at this point.
Bren Higgins: Well, we prefer to operate right around six months where we can, now our products do vary, some have very long lead times, where you're looking at some of our high end systems, the timing to procure and optical components, and then polish and grind optics can take some time. So for some of those products, the lead times are significantly longer. I'd say today, if you aggregate it across the company, we're a little bit longer than we'd like to be. So we'd like to target somewhere in that five to six, and we're probably somewhere in that seven to eight range as we look at it today. And capacity is coming online, really across the board. We're adding people into all of our factories worldwide. We've been doing that since we started to see the business inflect in November in a meaningful way. We're adding capacity in terms of space at all of our major factories around the world. And we're working very closely with our suppliers, suppliers have been great in supporting our ramp so far. They're adding and investing and we're investing in them in a lot of cases. So I would expect that given the guidance, the growth we're expecting in the second half will happen as a result of incremental capacity and we can continue to work that. So I think given the expectations around six months of – in terms of our lead time, we can continue to add to what we have to support whatever environment we’re facing. At the end of the day, KLA doesn't lose business because we can't deliver. So we also will move things around as needed to be able to support our customers. And we do a lot from a tactical point of view to try to shorten cycle times, adding shifts, all the little things you can do to pull in and cut days out of out of a lead time. So all those activities are ongoing, and I think that as we execute against that into the second half, I think it creates opportunities for us to deliver to the expectations we have right now, but also to support upside if it presents itself.
Bren Higgins: And I don't see any reason why it seems to be sustaining even as we move beyond right in terms of – I don't see anything falling off anytime soon.
Bren Higgins: So the full China, all the business in China I’d classify as mature. And most of that is pretty boundary weighted this year. There is some wafer investment that's happening, there is some memory investment, but I'd still say it's probably greater than 60%, 65% boundary, I don't have it in front of me. And so you've got that, plus you've got other activity. I would say probably somewhere in the semi process control equipment, if I just look at the equipment part of the business, it's probably somewhere around 25% of our revenue, I would call 28 nanometer and above, 25% to 30%.
Bren Higgins: Yes, Harlan. One of the things I'm encouraged by with everything that Rick said is including display now, I would say that the expectations about – for EPC are in the mid-teens. So with that reflects some of the growth drivers in growth that we're seeing in the businesses that Rick mentioned. We'll see how it plays out half to half, I think it will be reasonably balanced. We are doing a ERP integration on one of those businesses. And so that could drive some revenue across quarters a little bit as you prepare for that. But pretty consistent level of business, and as I said overall for the entire group growth expectations that are kind of meet 15 for the year. So we feel pretty good about where we're at with those businesses and particularly on that growth, I think with all the synergy work we've been doing across the company in those – in that group really pleased with the operating leverage as well.
Bren Higgins: Yes. Look, I don't think we're capacity constrained within the windows that we talk about. Just in general that we think that we – there is no upper limit, right. We'll continue to work and we continue to invest. Certainly, there's some time to some of the lead time on our parts, but whether it's facilities, we like to think about people, parts and space at KLA, typically our long-term goal is around parts around some of the components we talked about. So we're going to continue to add capacity and send a strong signals into a supply chain to drive the investments that are required and will based on customer readiness and customer expectations. We'll do what we need to continue to support those activities as we go forward, even beyond 2021. So I'm not worried about our ability though. I'm worried with that we're challenged and it's not easy, and there's a lot of work going on here. But at the same time, we know how to do this and we'll continue to make the investments that are required to get the capacity to support the environment we're in.
Bren Higgins: From a top line point of view, you're right. It's been – what's driven, it mostly has been, yes. We had some incremental share improvement relative to the plan we were on, but just stronger industry growth. We talked a lot in part of our theme was if you will, back for our Investor Day was to talk a lot about opportunities related to EUV and increasing memory opportunities to drive incremental adoption of process control and KLA solutions. We talked about radical inspection requirements for EUV that would affect the radical inspection tools, but also the wafer inspection tools. We also talked about new markets like e-beam that we were reentering and then finally opportunities in memory metrology. So those, in some ways we're going to create incremental revenues, almost irrespective of the WFE level. If we look at where we are today, most of it's been industry growth in the, I'll call the normal products and the regular products and share opportunities driven our performance relative to the overall plant. The contributions from those products are still to come. We talked a lot about 2021 being opportunities to engage with customers to seed the markets and that we would start to see more steady state contributions in 2023 from those products. So we're still in that same phase regarding those. And in some cases, COVID has made it a little bit harder to engage with customers out in the field to support new products and to drive new markets. But I think that's still to come. So we've got a higher industry environment that's driven us to where we are today, but those contributions are still coming over the next couple of years. And so we're excited about that. And then on the leverage part, anytime you have revenue, that's growing what we saw in calendar 2020, where we were up 15% as a company and the growth expectations we now have for 2021, given the industry commentary earlier. Anytime you drive revenue like that, you're going to drive more leverage through the model. So yes, we're outperforming our public model by about four points in operating margin today. Do I think that that's sustainable at four points? Probably not, but do I think there's a couple points for sure sustainability there, I do, just given the strength of the products and the expected mix going forward. So yes, we're I think in a pretty good place relative to the overall model, we have to execute of course over the next year or so. And we'll have more to say about the future in the coming months and quarters.
Rick Wallace: Yes. Thanks for the question. I think that there is no question that the demand for process control continues to be strong as Bren said, and we view process control in 2021 is outgrowing the overall market based on those drivers. From a competitive standpoint, we also expect to be able to continue the plan we laid out in 2020 – 2019, which is to increase our overall position of process control as we have in the last couple of years and we think that continues based on the strength of our product portfolio and the engagement we have with our existing customers. There is no question that there is always going to be competition out there, but if you look at the history of the gardener data, as we highlighted over time, KLA has consistently been successful in leveraging our strategies to build on our market position and gain share. And we don't see anything about the current competitive environment that will change that. We do have some major products to deliver in terms of in areas like reticle inspection, but – and that's happening this year. But we're very pleased with the performance of our optical inspection and we’re also very encouraged by the recent success of our e-beam offerings that we really got back in those segments in the last year or so, so we feel good about our competitive position. And as you might imagine, it kind of shows up in our gross margin in terms of the strength of our business and our competitive position that we're able to continue to have the kind of margin profile that we have, despite the fact that we've added EPC, which overall at a corporate level you know was dilutive to the margins that KLA had prior to that. So I think that should be evidence of our strength.
Rick Wallace: Yes, thanks, John. I think the – I'm not certain of this, but I think the fastest growing product in metrology and inspection, pretty certain was our GEN5 over the last couple of years. And the strength of that is driven by its ability to satisfy the needs that we have for inspection measurement with EUV, specifically around print down and also the advanced nodes. There is nothing that we're seeing that indicates the percent of inspection and metrology budget is dramatically increasing toward e-beam. In fact, if anything, it's always been the challenge to drive the optical at a higher rate because the price performance is so much higher. I'd also say that the people that are closest to having a multi beam – e-beam solution are KLA, we're the ones that have it, that we're developing and introducing in the radical space which is I think – where it's needed the most. So we don't really see any inflection, we don't see a change, the market share dynamic. And if anything, the challenge that Bren and the operations team have is satisfying the increased demand around the optical portfolio that we have specifically GEN5, but also GEN4, which has it slowed down. So I don't buy the thesis that this is the transition, it hasn't been for years, and the reason is because optical keeps getting better and it's really difficult to make at e-beam tool that's fast enough to satisfy most of the inspection requirements. In terms of pointing e-beam – pointing optical with e-beam, that's not a new idea, that's been around quite a while, and at KLA, we introduced that concept when we introduced our e-beam inspection tool and talked about it at our Analyst Day, that just allows those tools to be functional and to continue to provide value. So I don't think that transition is happening.
Rick Wallace: Yes. John, I – again, I don't think the world is going to move large scale to e-beam. I mean, we're well-positioned if it does, but I just don't think that the – I think there is going to be a mix and match and the percent of layers that could be inspected by e-beam is never going to be as high as what could be expected by optical, especially since GEN5 is still on the early iterations. We have more capability to add to GEN5, it's – we've been adding – have for awhile added AI capability to that. So I think in general, yes, we have a good e-beam solution, but our modeling doesn't show that that's going to be the increased percentage of the use case, because optical can satisfy, especially GEN5 and satisfy the needs that are going to be through the 2020s, even past when we get the high end – EUV, and remember, that's only a percentage of the layers that are going to be subject to that. So I don't think we're going to see this transition to e-beam. I think incumbency for KLA has really been based on our ability to keep delivering new capability to the market. Not so much because we've been there, but our newest products, which is why we invest so heavily in R&D and the application support for our customers. So I don't think it's going to transition, we'd be fine if it did, but I think it's a better price performance for our customers to have as many layers be done optically as possible, because the throughput capabilities just so much better in optical than it is in any form of e-beam.
Rick Wallace: Yes, I'll give some color and then Bren can fill in some of the details. But if you – if we assume the market is, let's say, just pick a number 22% WFE growth this year, what we're loaded right now and what we're modeling that we need to do, just based on the orders and the conversations we're having with customers daily is – will significantly outgrow that. I don't know if it'll be 38%, but it'll probably start with a 3, in terms of what it is. Now, we don't know what WFE is going to actually be this year, but if that's what process control, that's just based on the conversations we're having right now. Ahmad Khan, who runs that businesses and calls almost three times a week talking about slots and support for customers across his portfolio, I get pulled into them occasionally, but that's the conversation, it’s how can we support that. And when we model it, we look at that business and we think it's going to be a very strong grower this year. Could the WFE numbers change? Yes, of course. What's it driven on to your other question CJ, it's – of course it's driven by the increased investment people have in the advanced design rules, it's not a secret that TSM has talked about dramatically increasing their CapEx this year. And we know what Intel has said publicly, but it's not just that we're seeing increased commitment and conversation from the memory manufacturers who want that capability too. So I think the difference between the process control intensity and foundry logic is still there, but it is narrowing a bit as people push harder on the advanced nodes for – specifically for the advanced DRAM work that's going, but also some NAND work too. Bren, maybe you can fill in.
Rick Wallace: Just to add to it. It's not just tight there as you know, it's tight everywhere. And so you do remember years ago, if you think back to when there was one product and that would transition to the next product and people would reuse capabilities, that's really not an option now. And so what you get is that heavily utilization that benefits that sales, but also we see that in service. So that's what's part of what's driving the higher levels of our growth in service.
Rick Wallace: We do. I think you hit it, and again, if you take out the display piece, which has its own dynamics as you know, I'd say that we were being powered by – and we talked about this in past Harlan, but by 5G largely if you think about it, most of 2020 and early. Now the thing that we have counted on early in terms of the deal thesis was automotive. And as you know and everybody knows, they hit the brakes hard last year when the view of the overall economy was tough. Largely, I'd say that in some other factors that would have contributed to this chip shortage. And so now they're back on and you're right, that's definitely driving EPC as PTS is being driven by that dynamic as well. So now it's really firing on all cylinders. And so we're seeing really strong growth across EPC in terms of supporting both the continued momentum in 5G, but also now automotive. And I mentioned in my comments that we're going to talk more about some of the new offerings we're having to support our automotive customers, which we hope will not just help in terms of solving some of their problems, but alleviate some of these shortages as we help them with yields, which is really the near-term, the best leverage they have in terms of providing more output is higher yield.
Rick Wallace: It would probably grow mostly in line with the overall market I would think and very fragmented lots of customers.
Rick Wallace: And also included in that Joe – Joe, also included in that is also some of the wafer activity that's happening, where you're in mask, where there some investment in infrastructure to support the broader ecosystem.
Rick Wallace: Joe, I think what's really happened is there has been an openness in general to understand the dynamics. I think that a fear that many of us had was that there might've been unilateral action if you go back a year or so. And it doesn't feel like there's going to be that now it's going to be multilateral. It's going to be thoughtful. And we're all in favor of free trade and nobody wants IP or other factors to be compromised. So I do feel like there's a constructive dialogue around that, and it's not just the semiconductor guys. It's also the equipment companies and we feel really good about where that conversation is.
Rick Wallace: Yes, Joe, for sure. I mean, we're having, as you know, the development work, there's a lot of process control work that goes on early on when we're doing R&D and development for our customers. And there's definitely an increased sensitivity to the number of layers that they have to qualify. And that drives multiple markets, but obviously ensuring the quality of the radicals and when they're printed that the high quality is there. Now it's across more layers. So that drives adoption of Gen 5, also just more sensitivity to smaller defects. So in general, that shifts the dynamic. If you thought about a blend between Gen 4 and Gen 5, Gen 4 is still very active. As a product line, this will shift it more in those advanced nodes to a higher percentage of those tools being Gen 5 tools and the next-generation or iterations on Gen 5 as we move forward. I think we mentioned I the past, Gen 5 is very early in its product life cycle. And there are a number of additional capabilities that will be added to it to support advanced. So those are just two areas. There'll be others in terms of the metrology challenges, but in general, the process control challenges as we move forward especially on advanced design rules will increase. And we're seeing that play out right now in development. So Joe, one other factor to keep in mind that now you have these technical drivers in these no transitions that forced customers to have to think about incremental capability and those requirements. And so the ability to reuse a lot of the capacity they might've purchased in a prior node is harder because you've got stronger end market adoption that's clearly happening. Today, particularly at the 5-nanometre node, but then also the technical drivers of that, even if they could use the tool, it doesn't meet the technical requirements. So that's another factor that drives intensity, that's pretty important to our overall business.
Rick Wallace: Yes, I think it's a great question. Just as you know, we do have a group inside of KLA that models out the advanced technology designs. We have some really talented people that we think about that years in advance, to think about what are the solutions that will be necessary. Gate all around is an interesting one, because there it's actually an adaptation to Gen 4, that's going to be most relevant to solving some of those problems based on the contrast of those devices. So we think that'll be incremental. As I mentioned in the earlier question, you think about more EUV layers that just drives the overall expectation of higher sensitivity across the portfolio, the increase for more inspection overall, and at a higher level of sensitivity. I tip it toward the advanced nodes driving more intensity than the new structures, but the new structures can't be discounted because if you can't make them successful, then you're not going to be able to ramp those nodes. So, but I'd say probably 60/40, maybe even 65/35, that it'll be the advanced design rules that drive it more. And it's not just going to be in foundry/logic because we're also seeing, even though it seems like they're almost out of gas, DRAM keeps pushing as well to drive the next capability improvement so that they can have competitive advantage. And I don't think that will base anytime soon.
Rick Wallace: Yes, Tim. Thank you for remembering what we said in 2019. I could go back even further when we introduced some spec back years and years ago, and the idea it was a pointer for optical back then. And that was in the 90s. So this idea of e-beam directing optical is an old idea. The idea that – the problem that it has in general, and this is an interesting question is, do you have systemic defects? Do you really – can you actually point that, AI has helped solve some of those problems, but there's still this basic question about coverage. And can you cover enough of the wafers to see enough of the AI? If you look at a modern wafer in a leading fab, they don't have many defects. I mean, there are very few, so you need to cover a lot of area. And that's what optical is really good at. The e-beam ends up being the most valuable in debugging of a new process at the very front end, which is why it's mostly been in R&D. And that's what we're continuing to see. AI has been added to the products we've been doing that for a number of years, whatever your definition is, increasing the intelligence, the algorithm that's been KLA sweet-spot for years, and we continue to do that. So I don't think that the announcement of two and a half year old technology earlier this year was really anything revolutionary, other than –it's not new. And I don't think that the relevancy of what we're doing changes as a result. I do think that increasing the capability, the ML and the AI across all the products in this industry will continue to make them more relevant as we go forward for KLA and others as well. So I think that's an area we're all taking advantage of, and that'll help increase the capability and the learning that the industry has in general, we'll be able to move forward. But I don't think this was not a dislocation. It was not anything new for customers. It might've been new for other communities, but the disclosures and the conversations are not new to customers.
Rick Wallace: Yes, Tim. I mean, I think one of the things in service for us is that we have the ability to really customize our offerings for customers, both in terms of response times, in terms of stocking levels, in terms of uptime commitments and things like that. And then given that, and given the nature of the contract that we structure, and it's pretty important for – when customers buy process control, they buy what they need. And then they have contracts to ensure that the tools are running full out all the time. And they are willing to invest in a contract structure and ensure that we can keep them up and make sure that they match and all those sorts of things. So it's a little bit different business, customers because they don't have as many, they have tens instead of hundreds as they would in a process tool. They don't necessarily have the ability to build the capability internally to be able to do self service. And so that's a unique aspect of our service business. There's also the complexity of what we offer relative to the process tools, which is far different. So for all those reasons, it does drive a different service experience with customers. And as I said, we customize to meet their operating expense requirements and what they're looking to get out of their fab. And it does drive this 75% plus contract revenue stream. I think there's always what happens with the new tools in terms of our ability to sell and support service on new tools. I think where we've seen a lot more engagement with customers is the – in the trailing edge where you're seeing higher reliability and quality requirements. Particularly, let's say, for example, in areas like automotive, where customers weren't as focused on the process control outcomes as much as they are today, with the growth that we're seeing and the increase in reliability that's required. And given the margin structure in that industry, for example, it's pretty important that you don't under kill, right, because of the cost of recall and so on, but then there's also overkill too. So there's a lot more process control engagement. That's happening through our service business with those customers to support the install base at a greater level. So you don't see tools falling off, you see them staying in service. And that's what, it's probably the unique growth driver that we're seeing today as products are living longer. And some of these other markets are inflecting.
Rick Wallace: Yes, Vivek, I'll take the first part and let Bren talk about model. We actually are ahead of our share projections that we laid out in the analyst day. In 2019, we gained 3.3 – 3% share and that got a 0.7 down. This is what the survey says, but we had modeled 2.5% over the four years and we've gained 2.3% over two years. And we believe that this year will be another strong year. So I mean, these things move – annually it’s kind of hard because there are puts and takes, but competitively we're actually ahead of plan and largely that's driven by the success mainly of Gen 5 and what we're seeing in the optical inspection portfolio, that's been the bigger gains. We have new products coming out that will add to that. But our expectation of share growth is actually higher than it was at the time when we did the analyst meeting based on the success that we've had today. And then Bren can talk more about the model.
Rick Wallace: I think we're not the right people to answer that question. We're going to do everything we can to help them, but it's hard to understand exactly how they got so out of line with the demand. But I know that, there've been contributing factors and you've heard of some of them. Projects that weren't started fires that happened and the reluctance to invest earlier than them and retrospect was needed plus a strong demand. So we're going to do everything we can to help them, but they're the best people to ask for that.
