Ed Lockwood: Thank you, Simon. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to KLA-Tencor's third quarter fiscal year 2010 earnings conference call. Joining me on our call today are Rick Wallace, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Mark Dentinger, our Chief Financial Officer. We are here today to discuss third quarter results for the period ended March 31st, 2010. We released these results this afternoon at 1:15 p.m. Pacific Time. If you haven't seen the release, you can find it on our web site at www.kla-tencor.com or call 408-875-3600 to request a copy. A simulcast of this call will be accessible on demand following its completion on our investor section of the website. You will also find a calendar of future investor events, presentations and conferences, as well as links to KLA's SEC filings including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2009 and our subsequently filed 10-Q reports. In those filings you will find descriptions of risk factors that could impact our future results. As you know, our future results are subject to risks. Any forward-looking statements including those we make on this call today are subject to those risks, and KLA-Tencor cannot guarantee those forward-looking statements will come true. Our actual results may differ significantly from those projected in our forward-looking results. More information regarding factors that could cause those differences is contained in the filings we make with the SEC from time to time, including our fiscal year 2009 Form 10-K and our current reports on Form 8-K. We assume no obligation and do not intend to update those forward-looking statements, however, you could be reassured that any updates we do provide will be broadly disseminated and available over the web. With that, I will turn the call over to Rick.
Ed Lockwood: Thank you, Mark. We are now happy to take your questions, and once again we request that each participant please limit yourself to one question and a brief follow-up to allow us to get as many callers as possible in the time allotted today, and with that operator we are ready for our first question.
Ed Lockwood: Thank you, operator, and thank you all for joining us today. We look forward to seeing you through the course of the quarter and that concludes our call.
Mark Dentinger: Yes, CJ. Hi, this is Mark. The answer is we are probably getting as much as we had originally expected out of the moves to Singapore and our lower cost manufacturing locations. We are not completely at full capacity yet, but we are certainly starting to get there, and that is part of the contribution. I also noted in my prepared remarks that we are getting some benefit from the mix of very high margin products in the performance that we just posted for this quarter. And we still think that our long-term trajectory from here is 60 to 70 incremental points of margin improvement with each additional dollar of revenue. So most of what we have done in terms of preparing for this upturn is coming to pass in terms of our cost savings, and I would say that we're putting a lot of operational focus on just making sure that we are running as lean an operation as possible. So all of that has turned in our favor, and we are seeing the benefits in the line. I would say we are still on our long-term growth trajectory of 60 to 70 incremental gross margin target.
Mark Dentinger: Yes, we still have a target to manage to 6 months in the backlog, and what we are currently doing right now is producing at pretty high rate and shipping everything we can. It does bode well for the second half in terms of our revenue performance, because as you said that with all of the strong bookings performance right now, we will have some catch-up period of time before it drops to the revenue line. So, all of that is a pretty good story.
Mark Dentinger: Well, if you just look at the non-GAAP OpEx, we already stripped the litigation cost out, but we've been running an ongoing rate in terms of our GAAP numbers of somewhere between $3 million and $5 million a quarter. So we should begin to see that relief beginning in the next fiscal year.
Mark Dentinger: Yes, we are – certainly with the upturn and sort of having flown through the crisis period Raj, this is not a bad time to be thinking it through. We are having discussions. We are certainly not in a hurry to do anything rash right away, but I certainly think from the debt leverage perspective, we're happy with this right now. I would like to see a little bit better prospects of inflation going forward before we would you know, sort of think it through differently, but as it is right now, we’re reasonably satisfied with the basic capital structure and as we noted earlier in the call, we did restart the buyback program early this quarter, which is a confidence that you know, we’ve stabilized.Raj Seth – Cowen & Company: Yes, great, thanks. Nice quarter.
Rick Wallace: Hi, Kate. Yes, thanks for the question. You know, the March quarter played out pretty much the way we had forecast. Memory did pick up. We saw 37% of our orders coming from memory, and that was prominently in the DRAM space. So 74% of that was DRAM, 24% was NAND. We look forward – we figure June is about the same as a percentage. So, we are modeling about 36%, but we think probably closer to 50-50 in terms of composition between DRAM and NAND. And what we are seeing to your question is we are definitely seeing some capacity buys happening in addition to the technology. So this is what we had been outlining for a few quarters as we thought that first we would see technology and then we will see the ramping on the other side, on the capacity, and that is kind of how it is playing out right now.
Rick Wallace: No, it is pretty widespread and as we model going forward we see broadening, and we see some new projects coming on line later in the calendar year as well. So definitely seeing that across a number of customers.
Rick Wallace: And actually much of our performance on margins is associated with our internal efforts towards cost reduction and management. You know, we continue to earn good pricing from our customers, but heavily focused on streamlining operations. And we put a lot of hard work into that over the years, and now we are seeing that bear fruit.
Rick Wallace: Yes, Tim, as you know we always face competition, and I think if you look back the stories of the last couple of years, and I think our competitive position has held up quite well, and our market share is up. And we face competitors everywhere around the globe and I don't think that is likely to change. So we got to keep doing what we do, which is bring out new products to that market’s ability and work closely with customers. I'm pretty comfortable with our strategy there.
Rick Wallace: Tim, it is a great question. You know, I think for us, we have a lot of runway, because of a couple of things. One is, while our overall bookings look very strong and the bookings guidance for June looks very strong, you know 8% of that is non-semi, our services has grown. So, when we look at the actual businesses that we had in the last upturn, our complexion is different. And so we actually think there is more opportunity, and we talk to a lot of customers about new projects. So even if the core semi stuff cools off, we think we have got the ability to continue to grow, and as you are seeing in our operational performance, gross margin and bottom-line, it is not dilutive to our model. In fact, what we see is we are putting up better numbers than we did at the same point in the cycle. So I think we are not the same as the other players in this space.
Rick Wallace: No, I think there is a couple of things. One is as we did – that were some product lines that we traded out of, but I also think if you look at our June guide for bookings, and if you look at the backlog we have been building, our profile is different. I don't know who else is guiding plus 5 to plus 25 for June on bookings. And as you know our revenue is coming in significantly below, which means we are building backlog. So I think if you do the math, you model that out for the rest of the year, I don't think you see the compression.
Rick Wallace: Well, I think in the last couple of years there is definitely a change in the mix of competitors. And you have seen some competitors exit the market, and I think that that has changed the position, but you know, you don't have to do a lot of math to figure out that they are doing quite well relative to the rest of the space. Our gross margin indicates that we are getting good pricing and we are also doing a good job on cost. So our competitive position continuous to be very strong and I do think that we will never ever have 100% market share in any of these markets. And so as a result, there is going to be mix on the other end of some of those markets and I think those competitors will come and go, but if we play our – but if we continue to execute on our strategy, we will continue to be in a strong position.Krish Sankar – Bank of America: And just a final follow-up, did you say anything on the shipment guidance for June? Thank you.
Rick Wallace: Yes, we don't guide shipments forward anymore. We will fully disclose the shipments that we had in the current quarter, but we don't have any guidance on shipments.
Rick Wallace: No, we are definitely seeing a push, and the other thing that is happening in terms of next generation, but the other thing that is happening is there are multiple foundries in play right now. So, you know, a year ago we would have said it was pretty isolated, and now it is much broader. So there is a bit of a challenge out there for multiple companies and multiple fabs to execute on 40. The other thing you see is when they are hitting defect densities, you look at the volume and it is pretty small. So what we are talking about is a relatively early part of the manufacturing ramp on the advance design rules and a recognition that in order to maintain those defect densities as they ramp, they got to have more coverage from inspection and measurement. So I like to think of that we are helping contribute to the fact that people are driving down their densities. They are seeing the value and they will expand out as they ramp on those nodes. Because many of the tool sets out there just weren’t capable of handling broad-based 40 nm production.
Rick Wallace: I wouldn't say surprised, as you know, if anything we have been working quite a while with our customers in terms of their you know, basically understanding their needs and positioning our products. We are starting to see just increased activity overall in terms of people wanting to ramp. And so you know, the surprise if there was one, was just that we’re finally getting to the point, where people are letting loose their capital budgets for inspection metrology, and we are pretty well positioned to handle that right now.
Rick Wallace: Well, there are a couple, I guess questions and assumptions in there, Atif, one is that you know, geographically where they're coming from. Let me say that we are very confident in the order books that we've got based on the customer conversations that we've had and the, you know, our understanding of their capital budgets and their procurement cycle and as you know, we are very conservative in terms of how we allocate credit to customers and we’re pretty confident that they’re very solid.
Rick Wallace: Well, we have had seasonality in the past. It's not in the services business and it you know, tend to coincide – tended to coincide with our fiscal year end. I don't know after the last year, you know, how much we were reverting to historical practices. What we do see is that there is a strong demand out there, and that's why we guided up and then it's based on our conversations. The second half of the year has uniqueness to it as we discussed earlier in this call and that there are new fabs that are actually being built and coming online. So, I think it's early for us to forecast out what the second half looks like, but certainly from where we sit June looks very good, but I don’t think it is as much about seasonality as it is just increased confidence at our customers that now is the time for them to invest.
Rick Wallace: You know, it's really a mix. We've – I've been delighted with the performance that we have outside the core, and these are some bets we placed in the downturn and there are a couple of quarters where we are looking around, wondering what we're thinking, but now they've come back and we've seen solar pick up, high brightness LED, you know, even hard disk drive. We are seeing investment happening there, and as we’ve said these businesses, the way we structure them and integrate them into KT, they support our overall business model. So we're pleased with that as well. We also have backend packaging, which wasn't historically in our model and we're seeing great success back there too. So it's really a blend of all of those.
Rick Wallace: No, more it's been facilitated by new products from us. I mean, the most important thing getting our new products into the customers hands, and them seeing what they were missing, and in a lot of cases that’s been the challenge because without one of the advanced tools, ours are you know, competing with either an old tool that we had or somebody else’s. They didn't necessarily know what they we're missing. So we've got to get the tools in there and then they start seeing results and then we've seen a remarkable increase in – I was in Asia a couple of weeks ago and the conversations were about how do we get our tools into their factories faster to support their memory ramps, which is a very nice conversation to be having except we then have to get our tools in there faster, which is a challenge.Raj Seth – Cowen & Company: Yes, and Mark just a quick one for you, any thoughts on your capital structure, obviously it changed several years ago with your predecessor, do you think this is the right kind of capital structure or hypothetical is there a different model over time that you like to move to? Thanks.
Rick Wallace: Well, you know, we're seeing some activity in 2 X as you might imagine now there's been development even for some time in R&D. And so I think it really is very customer dependent on when they're going towards 2 X, and as you know, technology dependent when the NAND guys will get there first, and then we’ll see the DRAM guys follow and some of the logic guys, but there is certainly R&D spend but as a percent of our overall order book, the 2 X is very small right now and I'd say that that is going to remain a small percentage of our business for the next several quarters.
Rick Wallace: I think it goes to some of the projects overall that we’re talking about that are out there. You know, if you look at the projects that are being contemplated, there are a few NAND projects that are obviously going to influence that as we go forward. So assuming they'd go ahead, then you would see NAND pickup, and I guess the question will be what will the DRAM guys do in conjunction, but we certainly see you know, growth on the NAND space. NAND is as you know, dependent on a lot of external factors right now and so I think it's early to call that one.
Rick Wallace: Yes, it's a great question. I don't know. I think it depends on you know, how well the memory markets hold up in terms of the pricing, and right now pricing has been obviously much more encouraging. So I think they are increasing their conviction. So, you know, that's probably the second half of the year kind of story.
Rick Wallace: My sense is that they're going to run into increasing challenges as they ramp, and I think they are seeing that. As I said, I think earlier in this call our burden, our challenge is to demonstrate the value of our products and to have them realize those ROIs. We think we've got the right products, we think we've got the right teams in place to do that, but it's very much a show me story right now. We've got to demonstrate the values and our customers have to recognize that and follow through. We just simply did not anticipate the reaction in the foundry space. So as much as we had predicted increase in intensity of inspection and measurement, we guess low on that and I think it's very possible that we are modeling low right now and the memory, but it is incumbent on us to show the value, and that's what you know, our teams are working on every day.
Rick Wallace: Yes, in general, I mean, our footprint is bigger and so you know, we're dependent on two things, as you know we're dependent on technology and we're dependent on capacity, and we tend to do pretty well in technology. What’s interesting about the new facet is of course they are above, right. They're looking at ramping on new technologies, new fabs, and so I think that that's very encouraging. Where we have had less success in the past is that somebody wasn't ramping on an older technology but that's not going to be the case in these new fabs. So I think given our product breath, and given our positioning, we do have tremendous opportunity and it's a matter of executing.
Rick Wallace: Yes, you know, we're forecasting logic to kind of hang in there roughly where we were this last quarter. For the June quarter we were at 13% and we go up to 14% and it's not so much a function that logic isn't investing. It's just the other segments that are increasing pretty significantly. So even with that we see increase in logic. You know, if we look to the second half there are some projects out there that look encouraging, but they just aren't the same number of new fabs coming online and there is not as much anticipated overall investment and the logic guys have just been more steady throughout the course of the cycle as they have been historically. So I'd say we see good opportunity there but it's not the primary growth.
Rick Wallace: Yes, I think there is a couple of things, one and probably most important is our most advanced inspectors find defects that there is really no other way to review then with our most advanced e-beam review product. So as we sell inspectors, as we sell new inspectors, our customers are realizing that the new review capability that we have is enabling them to identify clearly the defects that we're catching, so that they can go, take corrective action, and they really can't do that with any other equipment on the market. So that's been a tremendous value to our customers, and that's really driving it. I think the other thing that overall of course is the general pickup in market is driving more e-beam review in general, but competitively we've got a product that works extremely well with our inspectors, which is where most of the market is with our inspectors.
