Bren Higgins: Yes, Tim, thanks for the question. So, yes, I mean this quarter, there is some just mix dynamics that are driving the margin a little bit lower than you would think. And as I said in the prepared comments that we would expect gross margins in the second half to be higher. At the end of the day on our core business, it's going to move around on product mix across the different products or is bringing revenue in it at about $255 million in the quarter. We expected to grow in the second half as we said in the comments. And their gross margin is trending in the high 40th percentile. So, when you blend it out that we end up, but I would expect the second half margins to be higher, which is why I gave the full calendar year commentary as well that modeling somewhere between 59.5% and 60.5% for the year.
Bren Higgins: Yes. So Tim, I want to get away from or I want to get into to necessarily guiding out further. And so this is just need just thinking about where the numbers might line up, obviously the comments I made around product mix. Our issues that obviously would affect our performance. But, yes, I think gross margins probably settle in at those kind of revenue levels in the between 60% and 61%. Certainly, operating expenses are going to move, according to product development requirements. And then, of course, there are some synergy opportunities that we're going to be executing. So the time-frame that we were to get to those kinds of numbers that you referred to would be a factor and all of that. So, the way we presented in the longer term model was a couple of points of dilution related to the Orbotech transaction to our longer term model that we published, which - so I think that, when you're thinking in the mid-30 kind of percent operating margin range on those revenue levels. So, hopefully that helps.
Bren Higgins: Yes, the only - to Rick's points, the year-over-year ratios are moving around given the strength of the finished 2018 now that everybody has reported. And so it looks like 2018 is a little bit stronger. So our view is very consistent with what we thought in January. We saw mid-40s WFE levels for the year with the March quarter being the bottom and sequential growth for the Company resuming in June and continue in the second half. So second half stronger than first half. Foundry logic reasonably balanced across the year was our perspective. So, what's interesting is we are three months later and his played out as we thought. So, I don't think there's anything really different than what we thought a couple of months ago. And certainly, we are watching the end market dynamics and what those ultimately will mean to just given the consolidated nature of our business to our customers' investment plans. But so far, playing out as we expected a few months ago.
Bren Higgins: Yes, we've had puts and takes around China. We disclosed shipment profile in January that we thought to be down between 10% and 15% in calendar 2019 versus calendar 2018. And our view is pretty consistent with that. We've seen some strengthening from certain customers and we came from others. So our general view is pretty consistent overall, so it looks like we'll see more foundry logic investment this year. And certainly, you have the OEMs that are investing both in terms of - or the need for wafer capacity materials, wafer capacity and reticle capacity. So I would say for 2019, our views are pretty consistent thousands what we thought a few months ago. I would say that on the trade tensions, I'd say that was a factor early in the calendar year at the end of last year of uncertainty. And now I think the way China is behaving as more just based on the way the overall industry is behaving relative to demand, and so we're seeing those plans are gated on that, not as much on concerns around trade.
Bren Higgins: And then longer-term, Harlan, we're - we believe we're on track with the architect plan that was laid out in 2017, when you talk about the longer-term trends all seem to be very positive and we're excited about what we've seen. We think the Company is well positioned with the assets as part of KLA and we'll continue to build on the momentum, as you say FPD has had some headwinds, but there's been some good wins in the other parts of the business.
Bren Higgins: Yes, this year's a good year for Gen 5 Harlan we expected to see multiple units adoption from all major customers, so encouraged by that. We'll probably end the year with somewhere around 30 units in the field. If I were to fast forward, obviously we need to execute over the next several months. But that's our expectation. So it's nice growth and adoption of that product line. And we introduced the next iteration on Gen 4 product is customers tried to extend that capability too. So you're seeing a mix and match adoption profile from our customers there. We also have a new product in the laser scanning space called Voyager. And that's the adoption has been really positive on that too. So you're seeing to mix and match across the Puma platform, plus Voyager. So for the total portfolio of optical pattern inspection, it's very well positioned in the market and we would expect as you see foundry move on to 5 nanometer down the road, including what they're doing today to support 7 nanometers activities, the logic investments that are happening. We feel pretty good about the position into that product line.
Bren Higgins: Sure. I think that as we laid out early, Orbotech we think gives us access to another $2.5 billion in overall addressable market based on their position. We think that as we go forward to combine that with what we have in the rest of our business, we're at about $8 billion this year, and that should continue to grow. Basically, as we think about the products that are in the pipeline and things that we're working on, we think the TAM over the next few years grows, maybe another 10% beyond that $8 billion as we go forward based on new product entries and market growth. So we don't need a tremendous amount of market growth based on some of the new work that's going on and pipeline, both for KLA what was our process control business and now as we talk about our process business, which is in semiconductor and also FPD and PCB.
Bren Higgins: Yes, John, thanks for the question. So, consistent with the commentary around revenue growth, we expect gross margin to improve quarter-on-quarter as we progress through the year. So on the core KLA business we saw little bit more revenue in the June quarter. We'll see versus March and the mix of the business, particularly around reticle inspection where we've had some higher mixed mashup business and that's being offset by some fab business, which we're very happy with the penetration in performance there, but the margin profile is different. So we do see pretty wide swings around those products depending on what segment you're shipping into. So I do think that it's all kind of coming together into a lower profile in the June quarter, and we would expect to see it improve through the second half. I would say the same thing about the Orbotech business given the rapid growth there. And certainly, over time as we execute on synergies and we're doing a lot of planning today, but we would expect to see that sort of start to flow through the model certainly around supply chain, internal supply and other things. It will take a little bit of time for that to happen. So I think the trajectory moves that way. June is a little bit weaker with the tools that we ship or the tools that we shipped and how that profile plays out is how it influences the mix. But overtime, structurally, we feel pretty good about where the margin profile is overall on the KLA business and there's opportunities on the Orbotech side over time.
Bren Higgins: Sure, CJ. So the guidance for the calendar year, obviously includes March and June, and then what we expect in the second half. So when you're thinking about the calendar year profile that's in the margin profile be to achieve that you need to see the margins improve in the second half. And I would say in the upper end of the range that I provided for the full calendar year. So hopefully that helps from a modeling perspective. On the Orbotech business, I think on the specialty semi side, the easiest way to think about the three businesses, is especially the semi side tends to be in the mid-50s plus or minus, you're probably in the high-40s on PCB and you're probably in the mid to high-30s generally on FPD. Now FPD piece has a lot to do with the business levels, given the leverage that in that model given the higher level cyclicality for that business. That's the smallest part of Orbotech, as you to think about the three businesses. So certainly over time, given the expectations of growth around the specialty side, we would expect to see the mix improve in terms of the gross margin profile.
Bren Higgins: The other thing I'll add on that one is that, as you think about the PCB business and advanced printed circuit board technology is you are starting to see more blending between advanced packaging in PCB on the roadmap for our customers as they try to drive cost in capability improvements. And so, certainly, we have some exposure to that space, Orbotech does as well. So we're investigating what - how that strategy might play out and certainly how technology might be applicable as we start to think about the growth exists there. So early days on a lot of this work, but certainly something we'll outline in more detail when we get to the meeting in September.
Bren Higgins: Yes, so in the prepared remarks, so against the guidance we gave in January, we guided for a midpoint on revenue of $920 million. We came in at $936 million. And then for the June quarter, we talked about shipments of approximately $1 billion. And also some comments around with 606, this transition to successfully expand that there isn't much difference between shipments and revenues. So hopefully that gives you the color. And again, it's consistent with what we thought in terms of March being a bottom and expecting to see growth in the June quarter and sequentially for the remainder of the calendar year. So, if you think about the broader performance of the business given the mix of WFE, yes, most of the decline is driven by DRAM, into a lesser extent, the decline in NAND. But you also have significant growth in foundry and logic. We're also seeing investments that are happening and reticle and in wafer. So, when you add all that together, our expectations is you see process control intensity improved in the year, but also that our relative performance relative to the industry should be better. So I think it's playing out the way we thought. And we're pleased with our market position and how we're seeing in the segments play out.
Bren Higgins: Yes, very little is embedded. We targeted a time frame of 12 to 24 months. We're doing that work now, I think just given the timing of how those actions could play out and how you see it flow out of the model, it'd probably be - we start to see some benefit towards the very tail end of the year. So limited synergies are forecasted in the guidance again, both for OpEx and for top line. So - but our goal is $50 million, by the $50 million run rate by the end of 12 to 24 months from the transaction and we feel pretty comfortable with the ability to get there. We'll see how it plays out, I would say, it's probably more $20 million to $25 million in OpEx and maybe $25 million to $30 million in the COGS volumes.
Richard Wallace: Yes, this is - I'll take part of it, and then this is Rick and Bren can add in. It is true that the rate of decline, the magnitude is higher, but that's largely because December finished stronger - 28 finish stronger than - 2018 than we had originally modeled. And so if you look at what the overall numbers we're talking about for 2019. We're still in a similar kind of range $45 billion to $46 billion with WLP. So that was really the way we're looking at that. And we'd also said in the past that this is really starting to strengthen even into the June quarter, but the second half as Bren indicated in his comments are going to be stronger for KLA, but also for the industry.
Richard Wallace: So Harlan, when we look at the business today, and again, we only had it for the 40 days of the first quarter. So we do expect sequential growth through the year. I would say, or Orbotech that will be in the ballpark of what they did in calendar 2018 based on what we see today, perhaps slightly less. I think given our relative to prepare - given the environment overall for electronics in terms of just softening and digestion that's happening out there. Looks like the business has been pretty resilient for the reasons that you described. And certainly what we're seeing on the semiconductor side is that's an area of WFE where there is growth in investment. And so, we would expect to see that business grow more in a more meaningful way in 2019 versus 2018.
Richard Wallace: So I'll take part and then let Bren get into the specifics. I think you're right. I think that what we're seeing is to continued investment by our customers and the flagship products both Gen 4 and Gen 4. And so one of the things I think a couple of generations we realized is we're going to keep investing in prior generation. So for example, the Gen 4 is how to build out two, in addition to what we're seeing at Gen 5. And I think for our customers it's the most effective way to manage their yield challenges and wrap their facilities. So we feel really good about where we are. We continue to invest strongly and as Bren will tell you, we're seeing the progress that we were hoping for in Gen 5.
Richard Wallace: Sure. This is Rick. There are two things going at once. Orbotech was a successful company standalone for a number of years and has been successful in growing their business. So on the one hand, we've been very mindful of that as we began integration to let them to continue to work together as not quite separate, but continue to drive their business independently. However, over the last couple of months, we've seen customers actually ask us for to work together and we've seen some opportunities to do that. So that's really a slow roll out. We're going to detail this in quite a bit when we come in September for our Analyst Day, and we're going to talk more about it, but it is very encouraging especially in the specialty semiconductor where we do have customer overlap, no product overlap, the customer overlap looking for more capability. And I also think there are some customers that specialty semiconductor division was working on and the addition of KLA to the portfolio for them makes it more likely that we'll gain share and also market share there. So we think there's great opportunity. And the other business is maybe a little bit more of some cost synergies as we work through some of the operational opportunities we have there and then their supply chain, which kind of covers those two businesses also where will continue to drive that. But again, that's something we're going to lay out in more detail as we do our Analyst Day in September.
Richard Wallace: Process control intensity goes up with EUV. That's clear. And it does so because of the additional requirements associated with the reticle inspection is going to just the stakes are higher with those reticles. And I also think you're going to see more focus on print call. So you're going to have more optical inspection as well. Not to mention some of the challenges, we're going to have with overlay when they get to multi-pattern. And so I think there is good reason to believe that we'll see intensity go up over time. Now, when you think about how much of the market is really EUV at this time, it's a pretty small number. So that percentage is going to take some time to accumulate but it's definitely increase intensity.
Richard Wallace: Yes, on the shipment profile, the shipments to memory customers are higher in the June quarter. There's a couple of big projects that we expect to ship to both in the DRAM and the flash side. So I think in terms of the second half of the year, we'll see how that plays out and we'd expect increasing momentum as we move through the year, but we do have higher shipment levels to both segments of memory in the quarter related principally to two or three projects. On the bare wafer side, we've seen a lot of growth in that business. I mean, 2018 was a great year and 2019 was flat to 2018. And it's not just the bare wafer customers as much as it's also on pattern inspection and metrology overall, which has been driven by the high levels of memory investment. So, you have capacity requirements, but you also had changing specifications for metrology and the cleanliness requirements for 3D NAND is driving a lot of investment in that product. So we would expect similar results in calendar 2019 versus calendar 2018 in that business against the backdrop of the declines in the WFE market. Now as we move to 2020, I would expect some of that capacity on the wafer side too - those that demand on the wafer side to pull back a bid calendar 2020 still much higher sustaining level given the requirements I talked about. But we would expect for this year and to be very consistent with what we saw last year.
Richard Wallace: Yes. So we put those numbers are very consistent with the year 2020 model that tech had presented probably back in 2017. So look the assumptions move around, certainly these lay assumptions move around, I would say I'm probably more optimistic on the semiconductor side and a little less. So on the display side. But overall, the expectations for that business, which 2020 model I believe was $1.25 billion. I feel pretty good about that at least today based on the path that we see to get there. Obviously, the size of these markets and how the electronics market and markets play out will influence that. But we haven't seen anything at a top level that, that we think this way this from that view that, they should be able to achieve the 2020 plan that we laid out when we announce the transaction.
Richard Wallace: Yes, both things are true. We do see overall market coming down as we said memory down, China maybe a little less. And we're continue to be strong as we help them in terms of some of their aspirations about driving these new processes. So yes, we do see intensity higher there we should outgrow in China.
Richard Wallace: There is some adoption there. I would say it's from our perspective, we're going to be engaged if that happens. I think like everyone, they're going to look at the cost benefit of doing that versus the alternatives probably most pronounced via formation. So I think that we're going to see the opportunities there as they come. But I would say it's much more limited in memory then relative to logic or foundry.
Richard Wallace: We do. Before I want to correct something I just said, it's the storage note on DRAM, that's something that, not the VF formation. In terms of increasing intensity for the foundries, absolutely, I think the challenge for the foundries is yield at these advanced nodes. And as you know, as you push these the stress on EUV increases in terms of - or the economic viability. So we're going to see process control intensity throughout really the supply chain, whether it's in - you have to make the reticles and that's a challenging prospect now and maybe the most challenging. So between reticle formation and the print down onto the wafer to make sure you have clean images. I think that's a challenge to make sure that the defectivity is low. So we're seeing demand in the design sign to form these - the early tape-outs, and then we'll see it in production. So as the note scale, I think they're going to be largely driven on the economics of those nodes as it drives our customers.
Richard Wallace: No real change. I mean, we've talked about leveraging e-beam platform to do some of the inspections on the reticle itself and that's a reticle without a pellicle just to validate the design. But when you do - when you print down and you're trying to model and manage the stochastic implications, you really need optical for that, because you need to have enough throughput to be able to cover enough area. So it's certainly going to be a blended approach by our customers and we are committed to having all the capabilities that they need
