Bren Higgins: Yes, Tim. So, it’s pretty well chronicled about some of the push-outs that we have seen over the last month or so, and that’s an industry statement. Yes, it was mostly memory. There was some impact in some other segments as well, but most of it is memory. Based on what we see in our build plans, we see a pretty strong snapback into the December quarter and all indications here at this point given our conversations with customers with all customers is that that’s the case. So, we are pretty confident about it. I think it’s our customers behaving rationally in terms of how they are managing capacity and we would expect it to come back in Q4.
Bren Higgins: So, we authorized $1 billion, which I covered this in the prepared remarks, we authorized $1 billion and then another $1 billion contingent on the closing of the Orbotech acquisition and a timeframe for execution over the next 12 to 18 months. So, we were able to do that for legal reasons in the June quarter and we would expect that we plan to begin doing that in a much more aggressive way beginning this quarter. So, we tend to be very principled focus in terms of how we think about the execution of this in the principle that ultimately drives how we think about deploying the cash flows of the company. So we plan to do that in a systematic way, although we do have flexibility to be opportunistic as we move over the next 12 months, but we expect to step up our posture and we will increase it even further after we close the Orbotech acquisition.
Bren Higgins: Hey, Harlan, it’s Bren. The other thing I would add is that it helps to offset some of the impact that bringing us, when you bring new capability to market, customers want to try to use that capability and so there is – that becomes pretty attractive to them. It also brings favorable economics with each generation. So even if they don’t need the capability, there is a cost of ownership improvement that comes with new generations of products. So, even if they don’t need the capability, they tend to – there is an economic motive as well. So to Rick’s point, it’s important for our competitive positioning to maintain the cadence that’s far ahead of what our competitors are doing, but it also provides an opportunity for customers to leverage the capability and for us to offset the impact of some of those kinds of things.
Bren Higgins: Yes. So, there are a lot of moving parts, meaning you are right, I mean, reticle and wafer will have those businesses are ramping and so that will have an impact into the first part of the year. The shipments into China, I don’t expect that to abate. That’s been fairly consistent obviously big projects which seems like over the course of this year we have had our project to quarter pretty much. So we will see how that plays out as you move into the next phases there. We are seeing foundry logics start to come back in the second half profile and that – and if you look at the order mix that I think is a pretty good harbinger for what we expect to see into the first part of next year in terms of the bigger contribution from those segments. So I think that I wish I can give you more, but it is a bit of an all of the above answer, but clearly, there are aspects to Rick’s point earlier of the ramp around wafer and mask that is a bit unique to K-T.
Bren Higgins: To the Rick’s comments in the prepared remarks, I mean we are seeing significant investment there both being driven by the strong memory environment. You have got increasing flatness specs. You have got cleanliness specs that are driving investments from the IC manufacturers. To support all that you have the wafer manufacturers also investing. So they have to deliver wafers. They have under invested for a number of years and so you are seeing new investment there against new specs. So I would expect those numbers to continue to be strong as we move certainly through this year and through next year as well. And as long as there is significant investment in memory from a WFE perspective, we are going to see that business participate pretty strongly.
Bren Higgins: Sure. I mean there were minor changes there. I mean one of the good things we are seeing in China in-service now that we have invested pretty significantly in China to add resources to support all of that business both to be able to ramp those fabs and then support them over time. And as you know they are geographically pretty dispersed. So between the field resources, but also infrastructure to support all that activity we have been investing pretty significantly over the last 12 months to 18 months. We are now slowly completing that and so we are starting to see the incremental margins flow through on service. So I would expect one good thing about the consolidated customer base is we are able to get to leverage service infrastructures certainly in certain places like in China or not well maybe the investments in China, but in Korea or in Taiwan we are able to try to leverage those resources. So it’s a good story and I would expect to see service continued to be well. Obviously, it’s dilutive to our overall gross margins but the incremental offsets some of that ongoing dilution. But we believe the operating margin profile of business is certainly strong and accretive to the overall company.
Bren Higgins: So Mehdi just to build on that, the challenge has not been available problems to solve, the challenge has been solutions which solve those problems and it’s not a competitive challenge for us, it’s just the feasibility, so it’s taken some time to work and collaborate with those customers to get new technologies to market really to address the verticalization of NAND. And we have very strong products in the pipeline addressing that. So we think calendar ‘19 we will see continued success with those initial penetrations and that will be the basis for driving additional percent of WFE out of memory.
Bren Higgins: And then Atif just in terms of the investment profile. I mean as we – just thinking about from an order perspective and there is a little bit more lead time to these orders because in a lot of cases, they are building new facilities. But we have seen remarkable stability. If you just go back in the last couple of years and even as we look forward of the business levels we are seeing in China. So this year we should book somewhere in the neighborhood and I said this before somewhere in the neighborhood of about $600 million or so from indigenous China and I would expect that level of investment to continue and we will see as start gating out, little ways of away from what things will look like as we move into ‘19 but all indications at this point give me confidence that we are going to continue to see this level of investment for these players as we move forward.
Bren Higgins: Hi, John. Bren here too. Yes, John, you are right I mean September is fairly weak, so we do see some bounce back in that segment. We also see bounce back in foundry. So, we do see the shifting profile of 40%ish or so of the shipment mix going to foundry logic into the second half of the year. So, yes, it looks like it’s going to bounce back, it looks like there is some sustainability to it into the first part of next year.
Bren Higgins: Yes, I think the other thing that’s happening is as you are seeing an increase in 7-nanometer tape-outs moving through the foundries and so a) that’s driving certain reticle capability, not just writers, but then inspectors from us, but we would expect to follow-on capacity additions to support that business. As we move into ‘19 you start to see some of that investment around 5-nanometer development. Certainly, Gen-5 plays a bigger role in that. I would expect that business to grow next year versus this year just driven by some of these dynamics.
Bren Higgins: Yes. I would think the OpEx is going to trend in line with the model that we published. So we are operating about 50 to 100 basis points above that model for these revenue levels given the commentary we provided around next year, it sort of fits within that. So I would see the OpEx scaling a little bit in line with the models we have published. We try to drive incremental margins, certainly greater than 40% target, 40% to 50% on our incremental margins. So there is a number of new programs we are investing in, new platforms supporting EUV, supporting extra metrology. So, in addition to a couple of things that we just recently announced and there is follow-on activity around those. So I would expect us to continue to invest. We are going to deliver to the model we have been public with and we are going to continue to try to drive leverage through. But given the level of business we are seeing, I feel pretty good about the sustainability of our investment profile.
Bren Higgins: So Patrick we are encouraged – we are trying to be a little more conservative in terms of how we model it just given the historic behavior from these customers what we deliver, believe we can deliver any capability here around some of these problems as that’s an opportunity for us. Most of the context that provide around performance and intensity levels is based on little improvement there, so if we can drive improvement in process control intensity that’s an opportunity for us to deliver incremental upside sort of the base model about how we are running the business over the next few years.
Bren Higgins: Well, I mean certainly the contract profile that you got it pretty well, where there is a limited number of these tools, they are very important to keep them up and customers want to contract structure to ensure that the uptime and availability is there. And so the 75% certain level of contract as a percent of the total has been fairly consistent at that level. So, we feel very good about the sustainability of that over time as they stretch the installed base. We are continuing to look for opportunities to sell incremental enhancements to the installed base. As you know that there is a lot of trailing edge activity that’s happening to support automotive and IoT, they are running those older fabs and the installed base much harder. So, there is incremental demand for those customers to not only drive higher uptime for their tools, which is driving the business, but also to buy enhancements to the current installed base and those fabs are full, so it’s not like in some cases you can move in extra tools, you are going to add incremental capability to the existing school, whether it’s speed or increased sensitivity. So, we are pursuing and looking at those opportunities and given that the stratification of demand for semi, it creates an interesting opportunity for us going forward.
Rick Wallace: Hey, Harlan, it’s Rick. I think that’s right, there is a couple factors. One, we do have a more diversified set of customers as opposed to being pure-play and so we have got a number of elements if you think about mask manufacturing, but also wafer manufacturing has been an important segment for us and that has capacity and technology built into it as customers push the sensitivity requirements and flatness requirements of our wafer manufacturers that drives the business cycle there, reticles for new tape-outs for EUV, you talked about Gen-5, there is also – it’s also true in metrology products. So, it’s a broad base of customers all advancing technologies both memory and logic and we also have of course the activities that are going on in China, so pretty broad and we feel good about the diversification of the customer base at this point.
Rick Wallace: Well, we have always been a product company, Harlan. So we do need this innovation and does two things. One, it enables our customers to move their technology forward. It also makes it very challenging from a competitive standpoint for people to keep up with us given the rate of introduction and investment in new capability. And as you point out, we are bringing out new platforms that will have the new addressable markets in addition to the ones that you mentioned with Voyager and SP7, their other products in the pipeline. So, it gives us a lot of confidence as we finish off calendar ‘18 and go into ‘19 and beyond that we are well-positioned not just to continue to perform across all sectors, but also drive additional growth through the additional expansion of our available markets.
Rick Wallace: Yes, I know it’s a good question, C.J. I think around the 6-month backlog in terms of orders to shipment, you will see us continue to manage within that window. I’d ideally like to have that down closer to 5 versus 6. Where we will see the impact of 606 is that you will see revenue come to the P&L sooner, the standards around qualifying for revenue from a shipment perspective, you will have more shipments effectively becoming revenue sooner. So, where we will have with the consolidated customer base you have more – potentially more volatility in the revenue number. We increased the range a little bit as a result of potentially that factor, because it does reduce the daylight between shipments and revenue. But for our business, it should stay relatively consistent I talked to some of the principle changes in the prepared remarks, but in terms of how we manage lead times from order to shipment that part of our business won’t change.
Rick Wallace: So on the foundry side, it’s – I mean we are seeing foundry logic both come back and so you got multiple customers investing there, but certainly on the foundry side of one customer is investing more than others. On the – I am just taking a quick look here, so in September we would expect it to be slightly weighted to DRAM of the memory mix.
Rick Wallace: We don’t really quantified around the EUV participation, but I would say it’s on the order of 5% to 10% depending on how you look at it. And certainly there is development work that’s going on, that will scale. We do think the process control intensity around EUV is similar to what process control intensity is for non-EUV which means as EUV costs go up for scanners the process control will scale with that, so that it is definitely consistent trend.
Rick Wallace: Well, we always said it’s through cycle mentality looking at the businesses that Orbotech was in, that hasn’t changed. And we are not really in a position to talk about their business yet, but in terms of the strategic nature of that deal we feel very good about the original thesis and all the subsequent work we have done so far with that team. We are very excited about putting the two together and obviously we will have a lot more to say once we finished the regulatory process.
Rick Wallace: So we have been pretty pleased with the process control intensity improvement that we have seen in flash and so it’s been a good sign. I would expect that the new products if we can continue so our customer problems will continue to see some momentum there. It’s still about half of that what we see in foundry logic. So the intensity for lots of reasons is lower, but we are seeing incremental improvement. We have seen more metrology. We have new metrology products specifically targeted let’s say should help with that. So as we move forward with the increase in foundry logic mix, we would expect into next year really having an all time low this year. We would also expect that to influence the overall process control in terms of the percent of wafer, but we are encouraged by what we are seeing in 3D NAND and if we can continue to execute hopefully there is more there for us.
Rick Wallace: Sure. The exciting thing is we have great partnerships with our customers in China looking at ramping retail facilities. And as you might imagine there is a lot of interest in our expertise and capability there, so we are partnered very closely and we have had a lot of executive exchanges as well as others. So we feel very good about our ability to support their new fabs in their ramp. I won’t get into the specific of the yields, but they are making progress. We are seeing the promise of additional investment based on the initial success that they are seeing and we feel very good about our position and enabling that as they go forward. And of course in this case it’s really across the product portfolio. In terms of the implications of tariffs, our supply chain isn’t based in China, so from a standpoint of our key components we are not really subject to that, obviously we have an eye out for other changes that could be coming. But as of this point, it does not have any impact on our business.
Rick Wallace: So, I think the part that’s maybe a little misunderstood and we need to do a better job explaining it is things like the wafer manufacturer is there is high capital intensity of inspection and metrology for those and they are really feeding the memory guys. So, it’s probably the case that our intensity around memory is higher than the way it’s traditionally thought of. So, we are seeing a lot of benefit in the demands that are placed on wafers as they moved to new technologies in memory, because of the cleanliness and also the flatness. So that’s actually been a boost. And as you point out on the EUV factor is still there and then lastly we would say the process control intensity in China has been supportive of the overall business environment for us as we have great positions there and in their early stages of trying to ramp new facilities. So I think all of those factors have come together to give us a very nice 2018 and what looks like a very strong 2019.
Rick Wallace: I think there is couple of ways to think about it. It’s early for 5, but EUV activity drives a lot of the business in the mouse shop. And so we are seeing the benefit from that in terms of our business in mask is doing quite well. Also wafer manufacturers are very supportive of bringing in new capabilities. So we are seeing that as a driver. And then you do see Gen-5 and you see actually some of the metrology tools too in support of the new nodes, so I think it’s really a combination of those factors that gives us the diversification of reach across to the customers and is really driving the general outperform.
Rick Wallace: Well, certainly, we are seeing interest and some adoption of Gen-5 in the DRAM guys as they look at 1Y. So absolutely we are seeing that. And that wasn’t necessarily originally anticipated the degree with which we have seen that strength, but it just – it kind of goes to the point of the desire to get more capability in there and the fact that the coverage matters quite a bit. So we have just placed some interest that people have had at e-beam for those applications with Gen-5. So we feel very good about that. And we are definitely getting indications that there is more to come there. It’s not just that, it’s also registration, so if you think about DRAM and the challenges it has for registration we see more adoption there as well. So we feel very good about the trends that we are seeing in memory as well.
Rick Wallace: And maybe a very significant difference between process control, service business and process business, is the availability of alternative suppliers for consumables. So if you are in a process company, you have that threat of outside sources providing consumables, process control, we have a very strong position to enable and make this equipment continue to perform as is designed and that’s really a big part of the value proposition. So they are different businesses.
Rick Wallace: Well, I think there is two sides of it. One, we like to believe we enable better capital efficiency by helping customers get more value out of the rest of their tools. On the other hand, of course, every customer is trying to manage all their costs and work across the products to extend and reuse. And as Bren said, one of the keys to our success is to continually bring out new products and new capabilities as a counter. What you have clearly got to show is continued improvement and cost of ownership performance, which means more capability. So, I think the answer is kind of both. I think you definitely see a push from all of our customers to enhance their sustainability of their investment and by doing that drive efficiency and we enabled that and we also try to support it by driving new capabilities.
Rick Wallace: I think it’s too early to say. I mean we have seen in the same time we have seen some softening in the forecast for the sort of wafer outs in China. So I don’t know that we could speculate on that. We are pleased with the production that the support in the business that we have got in China, but I would say if they meet their published goals, then we will exceed that target. However, I think there are some definite challenges that they have got in terms of scaling those factories over time in the next couple of years.
Rick Wallace: You did. I mean, that’s an order level. And so what actually – how much actually shifts and revenues may deviate a bit, although we have been – things have been pretty consistent in and around that level. So that’s a reasonable number to use as you think moving forward. And if you look last quarter there was significant vertical NAND project that we ship to this quarter, there is a significant DRAM project, it’s not all the business, but certainly a big part of it.
Rick Wallace: I mean, the way the service business generally works is you have booking shipments in the same quarter. There is some extended warranty backlog, but it’s pretty minor. So there isn’t a backlog number, but it’s continuous in terms of the contracts that we signed and then we get the POs that are consistent with those contracts. But the other thing that contributes to it, if you think about the installed base and how long it lasts, one of the things driving, if you will, IoT or automotive is found to be utilizing longer, customers wanting more capability, wanting both enhancements and also those tools to run longer. So, the decay rate of what we would have originally modeled of tools coming off contract is slower and that’s how you can drive growth even in a flat systems shipment business, which we don’t think ours will be flat by the way even if WFE is flat, we are going to grow this year. So, we think there is still lot of energy left in the sustainability of the growth in services.
Rick Wallace: Boy, those are our two very different questions, Harlan. So, in terms of the indigenous China projects, we have not seen demand yet for Gen-5 for those projects that we think that’s down the road for the guys that are doing memory, that’s something that certainly we could envision down the road once as you say. Right now, that’s not really their focus nor at this point is that their need we can satisfy with the number of the products that we already have. In terms of the multi-beam product, we continue to make investment, we continue to work through some of the technical hurdles and we have a lot of closed engagements with our customers on that and there is clearly a lot of customer interest, but I won’t go beyond that at this point.
Rick Wallace: Thank you, Lance and thank you all for joining us today and your ongoing interest in the ownership of KLA-Tencor. Enjoy the rest of your day.
