Bren Higgins: Joe, thanks for the question. This year has been a strong year for that. We have a very strong market position there. So that's been good for us. And you're seeing investment from the global players, but also investment in infrastructure in China to provide more domestic supply. It tends to invest according to a different cycle. I wouldn't exactly call it countercyclical.   But the lead time to get equipment to actually make silicon wafers takes some time. And so you see those customers continuing to invest through to prepare for future demand. They're also dealing with new capacity requirements related to hybrid bonding and some of the other wafer-to-wafer packaging techniques that are out there that are driving incremental demand as well.  So as we look at this year, it's going to continue to grow this year, expect it to do well. And then -- but I do think as we move into next year, we'll see some moderation of that investment. So while I don't think it will fall off a lot, I don't think we'll see it grow into next year. 
Bren Higgins: Sure. We had some movement across a number of our customers, and the number overall is, frankly, pretty low. But that was part of it. The other part is we also had some shipments that we weren't expecting to make in the quarter related to 1 of our Chinese DRAM customers. And a clarification of some of the export rules enabled us to ship some additional equipment there. So that was a factor in the upside on the DRAM side. 
Bren Higgins: Yes. Lead times will come down a little bit. I don't know if they'll come down all that much, given the drivers of that product line. But as new capacity comes online as we move through '24 and beyond, we'll see it -- we'll see them come down a little bit, but I think you'll still see them remain elevated for some time. 
Bren Higgins: Yes. It's -- it's a good question. And it's something that we had already factored in to our plans as we looked out. What you're seeing is the adjustments to some of the ramp plans. And so while there's still some shipments going into some of these facilities, fewer tools.  But it's something that we had already made adjustments for. I think it tends to -- usually, shorter lead time, tools feel it first and then it gets progressively -- eventually, those delays filter into everybody, but it does take some time. So we feel very good about the forecast we provided here in terms of our expectations over the next couple of quarters. 
Bren Higgins: And you have to remember, our competitive offerings in China or in any other region are really based on the portfolio of products that we can offer. So we can -- we can offer lots of solutions to our customers. To Rick's point, some of our older generation tools, which we've restarted, but even deconfigured versions of more recent tools.  And then we allow our customers to manage across their requirements, either for economic or more advanced tools, more capabilities. So our go-to-market in terms of the portfolio benefits us in that region as much as it does anywhere else. 
Bren Higgins: Well look, for more advanced -- for more advanced DRAM, particularly with the introduction of EUV, it's driven higher intensity levels, and there's the infrastructure to support the introduction of that, particularly around reticle quality and reticle fidelity. That's been a driver of process control intensity for us over the last couple of years. And so I would expect that, that we'll continue to see it.  I'm not expecting to see an uptick in business from memory customers. There will be some additional business from the Chinese DRAM customer in the second half of the year. But we're not really seeing any changes in overall utilization rates in memory, as Rick said earlier, and so I think until our customers start to see a pricing improvement, improve their profitability and cash flow, I don't think we're going to see meaningful investments. Now we will participate in process node development, as we always have. And that's going to be the biggest driver of the contributions from that market. 
Bren Higgins: So the specific details will come through when we file our K here in another week or so. But it was down about a little over $500 million quarter-to-quarter. So book-to-bill was a little less than 1. We still see some activity in terms of new orders. So the backlog levels are obviously very elevated. So it's come down. It seems like it's been coming down right around that $500 million or so per quarter for the last few quarters, but still close to $11.5 billion overall. And the beyond 12 months is between 40% and 50% of it, which we deliver beyond the 12-month window. 
Bren Higgins: Yes. I don't want to get specific on guiding December. But certainly, consistent with the prepared remarks, we see a stabilizing rate moving forward. And obviously, that's plus or minus, given the integers of some of our ASPs, that can be plus or minus $20 million or $30 million generally overall across the businesses.  And of course, we drive the business to meet the targets we have overall and not necessarily trying to deliver to certain numbers across each of the segments. That being said, Services continues to grow and will grow a little bit each quarter, just like it generally always has, as the installed base continues to grow over time, and so we see growth in Services.  EPC could potentially be a little bit volatile. So I -- I'd like to be optimistic. We'll see it pick up from current levels as we get closer to the end of the year, but not modeling it today. I'd like to see -- it's a good indicator given its short lead time, it's more capacity-centric, it's closer to consumer. So it's a decent indicator on consumer markets when we see it recover, because it weakened earlier, and so it should recover sooner perhaps than the Semi PC part of it.  And then so Semi PC I think will generally be somewhat consistent with the June quarter result as it flows through into September, which is, again, back to a point of relatively flat guidance quarter-on-quarter.  Yes, there are some projects at the end of the year, we'll see how those play out. Could cause the numbers to skew a bit in terms of deliveries into December. And so we'll just have to see how that goes as we work closely with those customers. And so depending on that, that could cause potentially maybe the number to be a little bit higher. But if you just think about it over a couple of quarter time frame, we're -- the choice of the word stabilizing was an important one because that's generally how we see the business overall here over the next couple of quarters. 
Bren Higgins: Yes. Yes, your math is consistent. So yes, that's how it will play out, assuming the December quarter comes through the way we expect today. We talked about bare wafer obviously being a strong driver, optical inspection. Reticle inspection is also a business that isn't declining as much as the overall market.  So we've seen strength in those areas. So it's mostly there. Look, given the percent of investment that's happening in logic and foundry, obviously, the process control intensity there is higher than it is in memory. So that tends to provide a nice tailwind in terms of the dynamics within WFE playing towards KLA. And so obviously, the products we talked about are big drivers. But overall, it's good in terms of the percent spend on our products as a percent of the total. 
Bren Higgins: Yes, you had the overall packaging market down, what, 15% to 20% or so. But if we look at our packaging business within the company, it's pretty flattish year-to-year. Rick talked about some of the recent upside we're seeing related to some of the AI drivers that are occurring right now. So it's a good and evolving story moving forward as more complexity moves into the package across process but also process control. 
Richard Wallace: C.J., it's Rick. The answer is the demand continues to be very strong and for a couple of reasons that we've talked about many times. And we have struggled in increasing the output. So we're still booked out through, as far as we can see, into next year. So business remains strong. The product has had a lot of success dealing with some of the challenges we're seeing. So we expect that to remain elevated and we're working hard to actually increase capacity in order to meet that demand, but that's going to take some time. 
Richard Wallace: One of the nice -- we talked about in the past, C.J., is that we're still running Gen 4 in addition to Gen 5. And Gen 4 is really seeing pretty good adoption in places that we didn't necessarily forecast, like automotive. So we still have pretty good tailwinds for that. 
Richard Wallace: Yes. We're very pleased with the performance in Services. And it's not atypical for us in a downturn to see Services utilized because people are still trying to squeeze out all the yield capability they have. We have seen utilization. We had forecast from some customers for a higher level of -- or a lower level of utilization, asking us to back off a little bit.  And those have moderated through the year to the point where utilization rates are higher than what had been forecasted by our customers at the beginning of the year, specifically in leading-edge logic/foundry. So that has been an upside. Memory looks a little bit slower in that regard. But it's kind of what we forecasted. And with the level of shipments, we feel very good about our long-term forecast for the Services business. 
Richard Wallace: Yes, I won't speculate what the government will do or not do on that. We have ongoing conversations with them, obviously, and really, we've been supportive of their efforts to try to figure out how to cut off the very leading edge.  Beyond that, that's not conversations we've been having with them. But in terms of quantifying, obviously, given that most of the business we have in China is legacy, that would obviously impact our ability to support them in legacy. 
Richard Wallace: Well, so I would say that we were supply-constrained, but for a different reason. We couldn't -- we continue to struggle with the demand that we've had for optical. And as I mentioned to a prior question, we continue to see demand for that. So it's true that we managed our supply chain, but we still had gaps.  It wasn't like we got hit with things that we didn't expect. We just couldn't ramp as much as some of our customers wanted. The process control intensity has gone up. I mean 1 thing that we clearly forecasted and we're seeing play out now is as EUV gets adopted in more nodes and on more layers and advanced architectures happen, there's a greater need for process control and that's really what we're experiencing.  So when we talked about in the Analyst Day and what we're seeing play out, is increased need for process control across all technologies and we feel good about how that looks as we go forward and some of the -- we stick to the forecast we had for our Analyst Day for 2026. 
Richard Wallace: Yes, our market share continues to be strong. I mean we started focusing on legacy market opportunities several years ago. In fact, restarted some older product lines, and they continue to be the most competitive, really, at all price points in terms of -- so we feel while there is more competition at trailing edge, we're very well positioned to be able to win.  And a lot of customers have a lot of confidence around the world in our capabilities. So we feel good about our ability to compete against any competitors that are out there. We've been competing with people for a long time in terms of capabilities. So this is not unique, that we would have competition in China. 
Richard Wallace: Well, I mean they've slowed down. I mean for sure, we've seen and heard the reports on forecast for their investment in WFE going down. So I think that's been the main one. What the leading indicators that we are looking at that are encouraging, as I mentioned earlier in this call, we've had utilization rates creep back up from what was forecasted just a few months ago.  The other thing is we're still seeing a heavy number of design starts. And so of course, it takes a while for those to filter through. But we still anticipate a very large number of designs at the advanced node and so that will portend for a strong business down the road. You can't pick the timing, but I think that the slowdown in terms of their investment is related to the overall business environment, but not the fundamental dynamics. I think that looks pretty good as we get the next few quarters behind us. 
Richard Wallace: Harlan, yes, good observation. And we have seen an increase -- there haven't been a ton of bright spots with our customers, but that's one, and that has happened fairly recently. We've seen an uptick. It's a small -- relatively small number as a percent. It's got up quite a bit, but off of a small number.  So absolutely, we've seen it and we see that directly tie to some accelerated orders for some work that we've done, as you know, with EPC and combining some of the products we have, Semi Process Control and EPC, we absolutely have seen that. So we're seeing an uptick in that. 
Richard Wallace: Sure. I think that for KLA, the 1 thing you have to keep in mind is we're still supply limited on some of our most critical process control products that apply to the leading edge, such as optical and even some of the reticle products. We just cannot -- we still cannot meet demand. So I think we have a natural governor in there in terms of being able to keep that business sustained over the next several quarters based on even the current booking environment.  So I think that's 1 factor. And then the other is we still see, especially with the new architectures that are being out there and people moving to the next-generation transistor architectures, a lot of demand for the leading edge in the R&D phase. So we feel pretty good about how we're positioned for that, less so than one who is primarily focused on capacity would be. 
