Ed Lockwood: Thank you, Adam. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our conference call. Joining me on our call today are Rick Wallace, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Mark Dentinger, our Chief Financial Officer. We're here to discuss first quarter results for the period ended September 30, 2012. We released these results this afternoon at 1:15 p.m. Pacific Daylight Time. If you haven't seen the release, you can find it on our website at www.klatencor.com or call (408) 875-3600 to request a copy. A simulcast of this call will be accessible on demand following its completion on the Investor Relations section of our website. There, you'll also find a calendar of future investor events, presentations and conferences, as well as links to KLA-Tencor's SEC filings, including our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2012, and our subsequently filed 10-Q report. In those filings, you'll find descriptions of risk factors that could impact our future results. As you know, our future results are subject to risks. Any forward-looking statements, including those we make on this call today, are subject to those risks, and KLA-Tencor cannot guarantee those forward-looking statements will come true. Our actual results may differ significantly from those projected in our forward-looking result -- in our forward-looking statements. More information regarding factors that could cause those differences is contained in the filings we make with the SEC from time to time, including our fiscal year 2012 Form 10-K and our current reports on Form 8-K. We assume no obligation and do not intend to update those forward-looking statements. However, any updates we do provide will be broadly disseminated and available over the web. With that, I'll turn the call over to Rick.
Ed Lockwood: Okay. Thank you, Mark. At this point, we'd like to open up the call to Q&A. [Operator Instructions] And so, operator, we're ready for our first question.
Ed Lockwood: All right. Thank you, Adam, and I'd like to thank everyone on behalf of the management team today for joining us here. An audio replay of today's call will be available on our website later on this afternoon. And once again, we appreciate your interest in KLA-Tencor.
Richard P. Wallace: Sure. I think that the -- I guess, the nature of our business now has got -- especially the foundries, that the orders have gotten pretty lumpy, and we certainly saw that in the quarter we just finished. We do anticipate foundries -- as we said, we anticipate foundry to be roughly about 52% of bookings in the December quarter. When we look across the segments, I think wafer is going to be -- right now, we're modeling wafer at 43%, and we're at 51% in the quarter that just ended. Metrology, up a little at 21%. Reticle really was quite slow in September, and we see that coming back to 13%. Service dropping to 19%, with the increase in business, and the other segments that we're in, about 4%. So pretty much a return, a little bit back to normal in terms of overall. And from a geography standpoint, Taiwan, going from the 7% we were at in the September quarter. We went 55% in June, 7% in September, and we think that kind of splits the difference in December at about 36%.
Richard P. Wallace: Sure, Terence. No, I don't -- I'm not suggesting the lumpiness will improve. I think that we'll continue to have that. As in particular, when we're in negotiations with customers about longer-term agreements, I think that can influence some of the decision-making. But what is -- what we certainly see in December, we've had a lot of conversations about delivery times. And I think as the whole industry is pausing right now, there is trying -- an assessment of how much investment is needed at what points, and there's a fair amount of digestion of existing capacity coming in. So we'd still have a rather large range on the December bookings. We have seen this phenomenon. In fact, it feels remarkably like last year, where the September quarter was very light, we didn't have much visibility and December came back quite strong. This year, we're seeing the pressures associated with 20-nanometer. There has been improvement in yield on 28, but still not where people really want to be. And so we see that, and then we see it combined with desires to ramp on certain -- from our certain customers in the early 2013 time frame. So that's all part of what goes into the forecasting we have for December.
Richard P. Wallace: Yes, we definitely see pressure for 20-nanometer, 22 capability getting driven in the first half. And what we do see -- if you think about the overall year for 2013, we're modeling now flat to down 10% and obviously finishing 2012 with a better quarter in December than we saw going forward -- going through the September quarter. What will drive it in this quarter and the next couple of quarters is really the capacity associated with 22, but also in preparation for pilot line in the second half of next year for 20-nanometer. And I think there are -- people are still trying to figure out their customer flow right now for that, and that's part of what's driving some of the uncertainty we just saw in the September quarter.
Richard P. Wallace: I think memory is going to remain flat. I don't see a lot of drivers for memory. I think that as we look at it, there's certainly a lot of uncertainty around it, around the consumer demand. The people I've talked to recently are hopeful that some of the ultrabooks are going to drive the solid state drives, but there's been a rather disappointing start to some of the adoption for those technologies. I also think that some of the form factors you're seeing now come out in some of the mobility devices are not driving the level of content that some had anticipated for NAND, which means perhaps not the growth rate that people were anticipating. So when you have a slower bit rate growth than originally modeled, it's pretty hard to see how CapEx goes up significantly as we go out into '13. So when we look at overall WFE, we're looking flat to down 10%. I would say in the last 2 weeks, the bias is a little towards the bottom of that range. And I think that overall, memory, not really -- not a significant pickup next year. Some technology buys, but not a lot associated with capacity.
Richard P. Wallace: We anticipate logic to continue to remain pretty strong. I mean, obviously, we're -- there's a lot of discussion and a lot of interest in reuse by all our customer base, and we facilitate that where we can as it's part of the overall value proposition. But sometimes, there are new technologies. They get brought out, that change the equation, and that's all modeled in our forecasting for what we see going forward. So we do see some I'd say more steady investment on the logic side perhaps than what we've seen in the foundry. And pretty strong, and as we've said, relatively strong in the December quarter and in the first half of 2013 as best we can tell right now.
Richard P. Wallace: Yes, that's a great point. And then that's why I said if you bias it, I would have biased the flat to down 10% a little more toward the down, as we come off of the announcements we've seen in the last few days, even today's. However, we do see a lot of interest in process control. I'd also say that history has shown that those forecasts can change. And they change on end market demand. We saw that last year, and then they get ramped up. So for the modeling purposes, I think I'd bias it in the flat to down 10%. But we have to actually -- we got ourselves in a little bit of some challenges last year by not anticipating the strong demand that we got, and so we're going to remain flexible in terms of responding to demand. And process control continues to be a favored investment for the foundry customers based on their advanced technology challenges and the number of layers and complexity that they're dealing with now.
Richard P. Wallace: Yes, it does depend on the equipment and the toolset. And I think that the answer is we've gotten -- I believe we've gotten better in terms of our ability to respond, but often still not at the speed of which our foundry customers would like to see response. So it's a balance that we're running there. I think in similar products, as you know, we have longer lead times for some of the key components. And those, we tend to maintain a longer backlog and often have a bit less flexibility associated with that. So we're trying to be responsive. I think often the foundries don't actually have a great idea of what they're going to need, and from that reason, they're looking for flexibility. Just met with a major customer last week who said, "We're not sure what our investment profile is going to look like, but it's addressing a group of equipment makers. But we'd like you to be ready and be responsive." And, of course, that -- there's a lot of challenges associated with doing that. But it does -- our lead times are still out there a bit, but we do have to try to be responsive. Because when they ramp, they want -- especially they want our support upfront because it's often used in debugging process and bringing it to market.
Richard P. Wallace: Well, I think that there's 2 things, Jim. One is the tool type and the other is the actual tools themselves. But generally associated with new technology ramps for customers that reuse, unless they are converting an entire factory and not continuing to manufacture anything at the prior node, they're purchasing additional capability in terms of capacity to be able to support that. And you can see in our history the spend of the investment of logic is not that hard to figure out. It's been relatively steady and reasonably consistent with the overall CapEx. So I think there's 2 things, one is that, and then the other is do they really turn off the old ones? And we're not seeing -- in general, we don't see customers the retirement rate of older technologies being very high, any higher now than it's ever been. And that's why I think the capital intensity for the industry and for logic remains in a similar kind of range as it's been, depending on what node we're in and depending on the specific tool types.
Richard P. Wallace: Well, and so then you get to specific tool types. So I'll give you an example. In general, let's say you've got a new technology that's associated with the new technology node that requires new inspection. Obviously, that's new, there is nothing doing it before. And I think that's often the case. Or let's say you win some share in a new segment that you haven't been in. Then it's not a reuse, it's a transition to something new. There are cases where you try to extend existing capability and provide it maybe with upgrades to satisfy the new technology node. But I've seen very seldom where it's the same toolset. It could be a similar toolset or the same toolset with upgrades, in which case, we model that as part of the overall investment. But it's -- I've never seen it. Because if you think about how it works, especially in a company that has a strict discipline around introducing a tool on one node and then waiting an entire node until the next tool, usually the tools that they're talking about have been dated at that point, and there's an upgrade cycle associated with it.
Richard P. Wallace: Sure, 2 tough questions, but I'll take them both in that order. The first, I'd say part of it was seasonal for sure. I mean, we typically -- as you know, we see a downtick in the September quarter. I'd say another part was just general uncertainty and maybe shifting end customer demand causing some rebalancing and maybe a pause in the overall cycle. So I think that's what we're dealing with. And as we said, just like last year, we expect -- in fact, 8 out of the last 10 years, the September quarter had been down for us. And so that seems to be pretty much of a pattern. This one was actually not down as much as we were a year ago at this quarter, and we had our second-best quarter ever in December of last year. We're not forecasting that, but we do see a snapback. In terms of optical, again, optical inspection, it is not -- we're not required to resolve defects in order to detect them. What is critical for review is to be able to use e-Beam for review, which is why we've invested very heavily and now have a very strong position in e-Beam review. But we're confident of the ability of our optical inspection products, and this has been verified with customers to take us well below the 2x node, and we have plans in place to get us down pretty close at this point to 1x. So I'm not concerned about our viability of the inspection. But it does need to be coupled with a high capability review tool, which is e-Beam-based, which we have, and we believe we have the best review tool in the market right now.
Richard P. Wallace: Sure. We see increased opportunity for inspection measurement as we go to the -- on a relative basis, as we continue to shrink. And obviously, driven by -- in this case, advanced lithography, which drives the double patterning challenges. And also in metrology, we have 3D structures to -- for our customers to deal with, which require, in many cases, optical CD capability which we have. So those -- so it's good for metrology overall. I think inspection there become similar to past trends. People are looking for smaller defects and, therefore, running higher capability tools at higher sensitivities, which requires some of our new technology, which drives increased demand. So overall, as we blend it, we look out and we think what does next year look like, I think some of the challenges associated with 2012 repeat in 2013. And we're seeing, as we said, CapEx flat to down 10%, and we think the process control intensity ends up being somewhere in the 14% to 15% range of the WFE, which is where we've historically -- slightly up from where we've been, as we see this overall some of the new challenges coming into the market.
Richard P. Wallace: Both. Talked to -- have heard recently from both very large memory and very large logic customers directly and indirectly about what their plans are, and I think there's a fair amount of caution right now. So as we model it and we kind of go through the list of the big investors that that's -- we can roll it up anywhere from 5% to down 10%. But I'd reiterate that I think there's a -- in everybody's case, there's a lot of macro uncertainty and those plans can change up or down depending on other events that right now are obviously not knowable.
Richard P. Wallace: Yes, we have -- it's kind of blending now when you think about -- even companies that are foundry, a lot of what they do is logic and not strictly foundry work.
Richard P. Wallace: Right. I think that we don't generally give forecast over the next year, but I can tell you, for product mix, obviously we're modeling it. But I can tell you the blend of what we're seeing for December is not atypical, which is you'd see wafer that, in this case, in the 40s, 43%; metrology, around 21%; and reticle at 13%, Part of what's happened with reticle is that the opportunity in reticle, there is a bit of a hiatus for some of the reticle manufacturers in the mask shop because they've gotten our advance capabilities. So a lot of the reticle business is now in the fab line. And until EUV comes, which has been delayed, and we've seen that because our advanced reticle tools provide EUV capability. And right now, there's just not a lot of demand for that. I think reticle stays a little bit toward the lower end of the typical range of 10% to 15%. Metrology continues to be strong but as does wafer inspection, as we look out. And then service makes up the difference depending on where we are. We see a service business that's growing and obviously becomes a larger part of our mix as the overall business softens, as in the guide for our revenue for next quarter. But we expect over time that, that number is going to actually come down as we resume growth.
Richard P. Wallace: Well, it would -- then we're getting a little bit specific. And so I'd rather not do that. I would say we are generally -- from a market share perspective, we had good gains over the last year. We anticipate being able to hold our position in terms of market share and build on it, and where we particularly are strong is when we're getting into advanced nodes and people need the advanced capability. I think historically where KLA-Tencor has not won shares often when there's a good enough alternative in nodes that are not as demanding. We tend to do pretty well in the most demanding notes.
Richard P. Wallace: It is also important to remember that when we look back at historicals, $600 million of revenue today versus a couple of years ago or years before that, the service mix is actually larger now. And that, of course, is dilutive to the overall gross margin.
Richard P. Wallace: Well, I think it definitely -- yes. I mean, obviously if 20-nanometer doesn't go forward next year, then our percent -- the percent intensity would slow down, and we're certainly modeling foundry to be pretty healthy again. Although, overall for the year, we're not modeling a lot of growth. And we think the process control intensity stays at the 14% to 15%, which is higher than it was a few years ago. So from that perspective, sure, if you backed off. But I wouldn't tie it explicitly to 20-nanometer. I think there's also, what's going on, still 28 hasn't been fully built out at all semiconductor manufacturers nor has some of the logic work on 22. So I think there's other opportunities other than strictly the -- what's going on at 20.
Richard P. Wallace: Mehdi, that's a great point. And I do recall you bringing this very point up last quarter, not the part about not giving the guide, but the fact that we were low on it. I agree that it is increasingly a challenging number. It's very challenging to forecast the bookings. And frankly, not particularly -- it doesn't do a lot to drive our business. But historically, it's been a number we have given, and so we're reluctant to take it away because I think it's part of the overall modeling of the business that one uses to try to figure it out. What we have done recently, and we didn't used to do this, is give a broader perspective of our outlook over a longer term. So we're talking about 2013, and it used to be we would say that, "Look, we're not going to talk about 2013 because it's too far out." We acknowledge that but precisely for the reason that you're responding. And in fact, the way we're running the business is not on a quarterly basis, but trying to manage overall backlog and manage the factory size accordingly to where we think the business is. And you're absolutely right, if we look at last year, we've missed on both sides between September and December and then we ended up on average being about where we should have been. So from that standpoint, it wasn't particularly helpful either. So certainly, something we consider and debate, but it is hard as you know to break tradition of giving that guidance.
Richard P. Wallace: Yes. No, that's right. We came in the calendar '11 with a lot of backlog. And actually, in this market, there's kind of an optimal level which we're always seeking, which is the right amount of backlog. Because there is a risk to having too much, and also you don't want to run it too light. I think we're closer to where we want to be now than we were then. We felt overly -- we had a lot of challenges going through '11 to catch up, and we had to ramp pretty hard in a period where there was customer demand. So we're trying to find a better level. I would say we're closer to that now. I got asked earlier about our responsiveness, and I think there is, in our business, a need and we focused on being more responsive to changes in the end demand. Which means in the end, that the backlog you can run with is a bit lower than it's been in the past. So when we model out for what does 2013 look like, and I go back to my flat to down 10%, we believe that based on the bookings we're forecasting, the backlog that we have, we'll be able to continue our strategy and objective of outperforming the industry on a revenue basis, although the bookings are going to be lumpy along the way.
Richard P. Wallace: Right. All good questions, Satya. I think, yes, it is true, the yields keep improving. And it's a good thing too, otherwise I think there'd be no investment going forward if people weren't seeing yields improve. The range that I've given in the last few months on yields from the 20% to 60% on 28, certainly there's improvement but there's a big range. And the range depends on device type, process flow and manufacturer. So is the high end getting higher? I'm sure that it is because it's been a couple of months since we had those discussions. However, I think there is still plenty of challenges. And the other thing a lot of customers have mentioned is once they get yield on a small volume, it is not all often trivial to maintain them as they ramp volume of that device. So I think that there's still opportunity for us to support the ramp as it goes up. And I also think what we're starting to see now is investment in -- we'll see in the first part of '13, oriented toward the 20-nanometer node as much as the wrapping up of the 28. So I would say our equipment is often tied a little bit more heavily toward the front end of a node and the node that's coming up. So I think those are all things that are true, but of course, there are multiple providers of these devices and not everybody's yield is the same.
Richard P. Wallace: It is, it is included. We continue to invest in actinic EUV inspection for the reticle inspection tool. We also have investment going on in 450. And as we've discussed in the past, pretty much all of our platforms, all our major platforms are going through pretty significant technological transitions over the next few years. So there is an increase in investment in general just to make sure that we have the capability that our customers are going to need in the future. But actinic is in there, as is some of the 450 work.
Richard P. Wallace: It depends. I guess I would say there are some -- one of the challenges I think people are realizing with vertical structures of any type that's certainly vertical NAND is some of the historic approaches towards inspection measurement aren't necessarily applicable given the unique challenges of those structures. So in some case, there's proving out of technologies, there's trying to figure out reuse of existing as well as development of new. So there's -- I think there's a lot of challenge in that. But as you also know, it's a very -- it's relatively early in that development cycle. So I wouldn't say it's going to provide a big support level for our business, but it is important for the future. So we're definitely seeing inspection and metrology opportunities associated with new structures in memory, but not of a significant size at this point in time.
Richard P. Wallace: Well, look, customer concentration is no secret in our industry. So you're talking about a few customers that tend to play, especially for companies like KLA-Tencor, that tend to place very large orders. And that creates a bulkiness or a lumpiness associated with whether or not that happens. And so it didn't happen in the September quarter, and we're anticipating that we'll get where we need to be in the December quarter, and that's what's in the guide.
Richard P. Wallace: No, there's a combination. There's also -- there was some memory business that was anticipated. And I think the brakes got put on because of a lot of concerns about the overall memory market. There was also some outside of core semi. I mean it was a combination of factors. But I think in general, I'd characterize the September environment for equipment, that by and large people were in a wait-and-see mode to try to figure out where are we in the overall economic cycle. And a lot of what we heard from customers was a desire, in fact a wish that they could invest but that they were getting held up at their senior levels, as people were trying to reassess where the market is and what kind of investments are warranted going forward given a very uncertain macro environment.
Richard P. Wallace: Sure. 28-nanometer, we have the Giants in the World Series, so I can use a baseball analogy. I'd say we're in the fourth inning on the 28-nanometer ramp. In terms of the 20-nanometer, we're going to see investments associated with that in the first part of next year. Remember, we often get investment early in the cycle because people are trying to debug their process. So I think that's kind of where we are. There's already been some preliminary looks at that, but I think that we're going to see more as we go into calendar '13.
Richard P. Wallace: Every one of our product line has had competitors for as long as I've been -- 24.5 years I've been with the company, I don't think that's going to change. I think there is a lot of interest. I don't anticipate anybody backing off in terms of trying to provide capability. I wouldn't say any particular segment is under any additional threat now than they've been in the past, which drives us to continue our investment and continue to focus on our customers. But I don't see the landscape changing. We've always had a lot of competitive pressure, and I expect that to continue.
Richard P. Wallace: That's correct. And we're also -- it was a very small part of -- it's actually a part of an acquisition we did a few years ago, and we're redeploying most of the resources there on some additional opportunities in the back end. But, yes, but it wasn't a big part anyway.
Richard P. Wallace: Yes, it's gotten -- it's, I was -- I'm scared of those analogies. It's gotten a little quicker. I'd say the people have gotten pretty good at bringing in and ramping up. And especially the foundry world, I think all of us, all the equipment guys have learned to move very quickly to be able to support the velocity associated with those businesses.
Christopher Blansett: Lead times, how they're changing, obviously as your revenue levels come down, and how that's affecting your guidance for the quarter for revenue? Because it's quite a wide range right now. And maybe how that affects your thought process on what customers can do in the first quarter of next year.
Christopher Blansett: And then the follow-up was, Rick, you mentioned we're kind of in the fourth inning of the 28-nanometer ramp. I guess maybe a different way to ask this is, from an equipment that's already been shipped perspective, what kind of inning do you think we are in 28-nanometer, given some of that...
Christopher Blansett: Okay. So just wasn't sure because often it takes a while to bring that equipment online and ramp it up, so...
Mark P. Dentinger: Yes, this is Mark. The revenue guide takes into account all sorts of factors in terms of our forecast. We have a reasonably good idea of the range of revenue. What is tough to call is inside the range. There are binary events in terms of when customers do final acceptance on products. And there are obviously product line to product line difference in terms of the magnitude of the system sizes. So we do our best to forecast that, and we monitor as we go through the quarter. A probably reasonable confidence inside the range, but inside the range, it gets very difficult to say is one point more likely than the other. I hope that answers your question.
Mark P. Dentinger: Yes. I'll take them in that order. And the $5 million to $9 million, a part of that is just headcount, which will -- we do anticipate going up slightly quarter-over-quarter. But the other part of it is engineering materials associated with the new generation products that are currently working their way through the lab. As you think about our OpEx going forward into 2013, I think in the -- at the business levels we're experiencing today, you can expect it to be fairly steady and maybe up slightly over that period of time. But we do adjust it and tweak it based upon changes in roadmaps and changes in customer demands as we move forward. And I don't think we're anticipating a radical shift at this moment, but you never know. We have our eyes on the market and are watching business conditions as well.
Mark P. Dentinger: Yes. Actually -- this is Mark, the answer is, is that customer concentration is probably a factor in it. It's probably not a huge factor, but there's no doubt that in terms of size and magnitude and commitment and timing of orders, we take all of that into consideration in terms of how we price and plan. I do not think it's the last time that we will see margins getting back to where they were previously, simply because the new generation of tools comes out and the differentiation in our ability to hold margin in those segments is largely a function of the differentiation in the products. And to the extent we can remain differentiated, I think you'll see margin performance in the long run consistent with what you've seen in the past.
Mark P. Dentinger: Mehdi, just to correct one thing is, is that the backlog at the end of December will be a function of what we book and ultimately what we revenue in that quarter. So if we were to go to the higher end of the bookings range and revenue even at the midpoint of what we guided today, the backlog will actually build.
Mark P. Dentinger: Yes, well, actually all the backlog is product revenue. We don't include services in the backlog. So, again, midpoint of the bookings guide in the $650-ish million range, and midpoint of the revenue guide, $630-ish million or so. They're fairly close. The backlog won't change much if that comes to pass.
