Ed Lockwood: Thank you, Amanda. And we apologize for the technical difficulties this afternoon. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to KLA-Tencor’s first quarter fiscal year 2011 earnings conference call. Joining me on our call today are Rick Wallace, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Mark Dentinger, our Chief Financial Officer. We are here today to discuss first quarter results for the period ended September 30, 2010. We released these results this afternoon at 1:15 p.m. Pacific Time. If you haven’t seen the release, you can find it on our web site at www.kla-tencor.com or call 408-875-3600 to request a copy. A simulcast of this call will be accessible on demand following its completion on the investor section of our website. There you will also find a calendar of future investor events, presentations and conferences, as well as links to KLA-Tencor’s SEC filings including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2010 and our subsequently filed 10-Q reports. In those filings you will find descriptions of risk factors that could impact our future results. As you know, our future results are subject to risks. Any forward-looking statements including those we make on this call today are subject to those risks, and KLA-Tencor cannot guarantee those forward-looking statements will come true. Our actual results may differ significantly from those projected in our forward-looking results. More information regarding factors that could cause those differences is contained in the filings we make with the SEC from time to time, including our fiscal year 2010 Form 10-K and our current reports on Form 8-K. We assume no obligation and do not intend to update those forward-looking statements, however, you could be reassured that any updates we do provide will be broadly disseminated and available over the web. With that, I will turn the call over to Rick.
Ed Lockwood: Okay. Thank you, Mark. At this point, we’d like to open up the call to Q&A and we do once again request you limit yourself to one question given the limited time we have for the call today. Feel free to re-queue for your follow-up questions and we’ll do our best to get everyone on today’s call. So operator, we’re ready for our question.
Ed Lockwood: Okay, operator. Thank you very much and thank you all for joining us on our call today and your continued support. This concludes our call.
Rick Wallace: Yeah, well I’ll take the first part of that and let Mark take the second part. As you know we don’t forecast that far, we don’t guide bookings out into the next calendar year. But I would say that the perspective right now is that calendar ‘11 looks to be flat with calendar ‘10 which of course is significantly over ‘09 whether that’s back-end loaded or not I think lot of factors are at play but I, if I model out the whole year, I think we’re looking at the calendar ‘11 that we think overall is flat. We’re tracking in about 13 new projects and it really depends on the timing of when those projects get released and make their investments.
Rick Wallace: Yeah, C.J., sure, good questions. I think that, we did see a bit of softening as we’ve said we’re in the bottom part of the range for bookings for September and not really outside of normal for seasonality for us. But clearly there has been, in spite digestion period we think we’re in right now across the industry and that includes these foundries but there are several projects on the book. So when we look out, there are major foundry players talking about increasing CapEx for calendar ‘11 and we see many projects outside of, just the major players there, you go across the space and there is a lot of investment across foundry. Whether 2011 will repeat? 2010, our current model is we see 2011 normally being flat with what we see 2010 shaping up to be very hard to predict at this time where that’ll happen inside of the different segments, but we think foundries stays pretty long, logic pretty steady and I think DRAM is probably remain soft offset by NAND spending continuing. That’s kind of how we see it.
Rick Wallace: I think it’s hard to predict it exactly, Jim. But as you might imagine, we have guided up in revenue for next quarter and we would expected if we actually follow-up through with the shipment plan that we currently got in place obviously the revenue would have to be increasing as we look out to our fiscal Q3 as well. But it will follow in due course, if we need to ship in play.
Rick Wallace: Yeah. Right now, we’re obviously generating a tremendous amount of cash and when we adopted the dividend we obviously had a long-term perspective in mind with our new highly profitable model at current levels. And so, we’re sort of full steam ahead on it.
Rick Wallace: Well, Krish as you know, there got – these got big projects out there and whether or not they come through, I think you also know that from our perspective, we like to keep range widen up to not have any particular customer feel like they’re going to be the difference between us making inside or outside the range. So big clumpy deals, I do think in this environment you end up with large deals happening and some of them come in now and you certainly – if you’re in our position with the backlog we’ve got, we don’t want to be needy about the orders that their times where the negotiations get pretty deep into the quarter of our price and so on. So we want to leave ourselves in legal room.
Rick Wallace: Yeah. We’re definitely seeing issues across the board and we’re hearing more and more challenges as people scale down and pushing really hard on our development projects so what it’s doing is, we’re engaging quite close to the customers and helping them come up with strategies to deal with the challenges as advanced as I know. And at the same time, pushing very hard on getting the new products out that are going to help provide the capability to make the inspection necessary to support the advanced node, so no question that the challenges our customers face for yield or are only increasing as we go forward.
Rick Wallace: That’s really hard to separate. I think our market share ends up splitting more along specific customer lines, I have to think through tally that up. I don’t think there is a big difference frankly between NAND and DRAM for us in terms of share, kind of comes and goes. Over time, our share ends up being pretty strong in some product lines and obviously not a strong in some others.
Rick Wallace: Sure. Yeah, we’re looking forward to December. We see memory being about 36% of the overall orders and we look at logic, see that about 10% and 54% out of foundry and 7% non-semi.
Rick Wallace: Yeah, I wouldn’t – yes I wouldn’t attribute to either one. I’d say the range is really more of a broader statement than a specific customer type.
Rick Wallace: Oh! The projects that are out there, I see. Well, clearly in 2011, what we’re counting on is continued investment as I said probably steady investment in logic. We think that there would be continued investment in foundry as the foundry competition really increases and actually gets more meaningful, more players investing. I think DRAM is likely to be a little bit soft and the NAND would make that up. So if you take any of those and they don’t hold then that obviously would have a downward pressure. On the other hand, if we see more strength let’s say, in the second half to a DRAM then that could strengthen the position of the DRAM customers driving more investment by them. So when we balance the whole thing, we do come up with a range where we scenarios were its up and then we see scenarios where it’s down and we end it up coming out right in the middle.
Rick Wallace: The September. Yeah, we don’t breakout individual divisions but we have said that’s a non-semi which is where we lump the back-end cash for us, because that’s non-front end, non-WFT was about 6% overall of the bookings and forecasted. They’re consistent with what it was in June and forecasted in the December quarter to go into 7%. Now that includes back end test, high grade LED, solar and hard disc drives, storage market. So really it’s rather – it’s broader than what we get out of any one product division, but overall consistent with as a percent with what we saw in June.
Rick Wallace: Oh! Certainly. Yeah, I mean I think that the customer, if you had think our average lead time is on the order of six months for us and certainly they could wait until June to get December shipments and December order fulfillments in next calendar year. Not really a big change I mean, what we’ve really been doing is, is ramping to meet the demand but, I think with a lot of heroic effort, we’re doing that and I think we’re – we’ll be able to continue that, but yeah there is no question that you would have to see bookings in the first half to support the second half numbers.
Rick Wallace: Yeah, I think the biggest difference was, I think we have with many of the peers is the backlog that we have and the strength that we had in prior quarters for us, for example, the June quarter created a lot of backlog on which we’re now working off and so when we look at that and even that given even that scenario we added a backlog over $100 million in the last quarter. So for us, we continue to drive the revenue growth and the earnings that go with that but we actually don’t see that the bookings is going to be at the same level for the December quarter, it will be slightly under but will still have a tremendous amount of backlog in the queue and be able to continue to drive earnings. I think a lot of the other businesses end up being more turns businesses which cause them to perhaps burn up their backlog a lot faster.
Rick Wallace: Yeah, sure. We had a record quarter in solar for the September quarter that’s a small business but it did have a record quarter. I’d say the high brightness LED continues to look good and we continue to see growth there. Obviously there has been some softening in the disc space but we’re actually pretty well positioned with new products there. And then lastly, back in packaging we did see a little bit of softening and we expect that to continue reflecting some of the challenges in the back end on the short-term but we think that’ll recover as we go into next year.
Rick Wallace: Yeah, there is definitely growth. I mean we’re seeing, and for us it’s a pretty good business segment. If you look overall we’re at a 200, $250 million run rate outside of course semi and we think the long-term growth trajectory of that stays that’s probably 20%. So the challenge is, of course that’s coming off is smaller base relative to the rest of our business. So there are definitely challenges in each of those markets, if you walk through and we’ve got products and we’ve got market position and the ability to invest and drive those as we go forward. So that’s part of our long-term growth plan, but relative to the other side of the business that remains reasonably small.
Rick Wallace: We do. We think that again, if I go through it again, I think foundry is flattish, we think that logic is flattish, we think that the increases in the NAND space, having investments there and thus so in DRAM and based on our current positions and the investments that we’re making, certainly it's our plan to continue to grow. We do have the emerging markets as well. So yes, we believe we can continue our strategy of executing growth strategy like, it takes us faster than the overall industry performance.
Rick Wallace: Yes. I mean the answer is yes. If you look at our incremental gross margin, we guided up there, we guided 700, 740 and you can infer from our model that’s 60 to 70% incremental gross margin. We got a strong ratchet in that zone with gross margin. So we’re in a strong position. But yeah, we believe that that’s what we’re committed to. We think it’s there and as long as revenue hangs in there, our growth, then we’re in great shape.
Rick Wallace: Yeah, sure. We have plays on that. Obviously we’ve got some work going on in the back-end. We’ve got a very strong position on the businesses that we have there and we think for both wafer-level packaging and TFT we’ve got good opportunities and the potential to add but we want to make sure that those markets really materialize in a way that we would get a good return on those investments. So we’re tracking and then working closely that we believe we’re very well positioned for them.
Mark Dentinger: Yeah, I think you’re – I’m sorry, with respect to your question on what portion of the backlog is shippable over the six months. We typically don’t guide shipments, however, I do understand the nature of your question and because we’re in a hyper ramp right now. I will tell you that our internal plan is to ship north of $800 million in the current quarter and repeat something like that coming out of Q2. So we would expect all of our backlog and maybe even a little more to try to ship out over the next six months. Those shipment figures do include, by the way, services revenue. We wouldn’t typically guide this but I do understand the nature of your question.
Mark Dentinger: Yeah, let me just take a quick response to your question on the divergence between the shipment profile and the revenue profile. In the – first of all, it usually takes at least 90 days to turn shipments into revenue when you get into just passing the units along installing customer burn in and then final product acceptance. When we are moving in, let’s call it normal circumstances which isn’t that often as it turns out. You will see a 90-day turn of that or a little bit longer than 90-days. When you are in a step-up ramp like we’re in right now. It takes a little bit longer to turn that into revenue. I will say that however, in Q1 we actually revenued ahead of the prior quarter shipment. So we actually revenued 683 this quarter and we shipped 622 last quarter. So it can move back and forth. That won’t every quarter, but it will happen often just to let you know that it should vacillate at 90 or slightly greater than 90 days. I hope that responses to your question. And again, if we meet the shipment, the revenue will follow relatively shortly thereafter in the next couple of quarters.
Mark Dentinger: No, it actually it’s an interesting observation, that take. It is possible that we could – we would have some upward pressure on the R&D line next year. Just as function of that total OpEx and as a function of revenue. And that could be just as a result of the timing in new product introductions and certainly EUV is a big frontier for us on the R&D side. What you’ll see right now is, is that we previously laid out the model for KLA-Tencor. We’re experiencing levels of profitability in the current performance that we’re considerably ahead of where we were before. And we believe moving into this period, if you – we spoke in, three or four years ago. We believe that we would get a 200 to 300 basis point improvement both from the operational improvement and some of the decisions that we made with respect offshore manufacturing and things like that, 200 to 300 basis point improvement in operating margin. We obviously are getting than that right now, but that is certainly partially a function of the actions we took, but it’s also partially a function of the timing of when new projects come on board and when new R&D hit and it’s possible we could experience some of that pressure as we look out into the first half of next year and certainly beyond that a little bit. But in the long run, we believe, we have obtained 200 to 300 solid basis points of improvement in the operating line.
Mark Dentinger: I don’t know if they would improve as a percentage from here. They should certainly go up as the revenue improves that we are experiencing a really high level of operating margin contribution right now is a function of revenue. And my point is, is that we maybe operating with a little bit of a tailwind in terms of complex R&D project, and if you look out farther than that, 452.
