Ed Lockwood: Thank you, Steve. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on our call today. Joining me today are Rick Wallace, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Mark Dentinger, our Chief Financial Officer.  We're here today to discuss third quarter results for the period ended March 31, 2012. We released these results this afternoon 1:15 Pacific Time. If you haven't seen the release, you can find it on our website at www.klatencor.com or call (408) 875-3600 to request a copy.  A simulcast of this call will be accessible on demand following its completion on the Investor section of our website. There you'll also find a calendar of future investor events, presentations and conferences, as well as links to KLA-Tencor's SEC filings, including our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2011, and our subsequently filed 10-Q reports.  In those filings, you'll find descriptions of risk factors that could impact our future results. As you know, our future results are subject to risks. Any forward-looking statements, including those we make on this call today, are subject to those risks, and KLA-Tencor cannot guarantee those forward-looking statements will come true.  Our actual results may differ significantly from those projected in our forward-looking statements. More information regarding factors that could cause those differences is contained in the filings we make with the SEC from time to time, including our fiscal year 2011 Form 10-K and current reports on Form 8-K. We assume no obligation and do not intend to update these forward-looking statements. However, you can be assured that any updates we do provide will be broadly disseminated and available over the web.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Rick.
Ed Lockwood: Okay. Thank you, Mark. At this point, we'd like to open up the call to Q&A. [Operator Instructions]  And so, Steven, we are ready for the first question.
Ed Lockwood: Thank you, Steve. Well, we'd like to thank everyone for joining us this afternoon and for your continued interest in KLA-Tencor.
Richard P. Wallace: Sure. The pushout was actually just a timing issue, and the orders have since been processed. So it was really not related to any end demand, just getting things through your system.
Richard P. Wallace: I think it is definitely the case. Our customers have a lot of demand for leading edge in the foundry world, and I think that's driving a lot of the activity we're seeing. And the yields, 32 nanometers are not great, and they're lower than that at 28. And I think there's also development work driving business for us at 20 nanometers. So -- and I have met with most of them in the last 90 days. And for sure, they're seeing strong demand based on kind of broad-based market pull, whether it be 4G or LTE chip sets, graphics, or processors, to support mobility, and it's at multiple customers. But there's certainly yield issues associated with both metrology and inspection, which is why I think KLA-Tencor's performing disproportionally well in this environment.
Richard P. Wallace: Yes, sure, Terence. I think that you're right. We saw memory picked up to about 29%. And if you look back in December, we're at 16%. So pretty significant increase there, largely in NAND and mostly technology-related dealing with some of the new yield challenges they have and metrology challenges at the advanced node. Logic, we did see lower logic, and I think that it's always -- logic tends to be kind of lumpy because there aren't that many players, and it's just where we are in the order cycle with them. And in fact, we don't see logic getting stronger as we go out in the June quarter. Probably, it'd be later in the year before we see logic pick up. So I think for now, in fact, we're forecasting logic down even further as a percent of total next quarter, with foundry actually picking back up.
Richard P. Wallace: Sure. We do see some signs of strengthening in DRAM for technology. I wouldn't say for capacity. And we'll see a little bit of that in the June quarter, as we forecast a little bit more activity going forward in DRAM. And I think the second half, again, technology-related, we do expect memory to pick up some, but we also see strength in the foundries. And as I said, we'll see logic, we believe, coming later in the calendar year.
Richard P. Wallace: You know, we really -- we're not in a great position to guide for the entire year. But when we do look out, we see CapEx in general for the year to be flattish to maybe down a few percent. And so from that standpoint, when you look back at the 2 compares, you do have to see some overall strengthening happening in the second half. And with our backlog situation, the model we gave, the guidance we gave for the next quarter, I think you could see we're normally at a book-to-bill about 1, if you take the midpoint on those ranges. And so we expect to be able to continue to do that. But probably we'd like to support our customer base as we think about the demands they have to ramp quickly. So all our efforts are on ramping, manufacturing, and we're really supply-constrained right now to be able to support our customer base.
Richard P. Wallace: I think it's hard to get that precise on it as we go forward. I think it does depend somewhat on the complexion of the different customers that we're working in and their timing. But we've definitely seen since last year -- through last year, we saw an increase in intensity. Some customers are further along in their understanding of their challenges than others. There are a couple of other sectors that are low right now from a process control standpoint that we expect to pick up late in the year. And those -- reticle inspection is not particularly strong right now, and that's more just driven by the dynamics of that market. And the wafer manufacturers are not strong. So kind of in those 2 realms, we think there's more opportunity for intensity to increase. But that's not really happening in our next 90-day outlook.
Richard P. Wallace: Yes, I think, mainly, probably the bigger one is related to metrology. I think that there are a number of challenges people are facing in yield in general that we saw at 45, which plays to the defectivity. But there are some uniqueness associated with the metrology product lines that we have with multiple patterning happening and increased intensity and some of the 3D thin FET structures driving more metrology. So I'd say that the intensity goes up, and it's driven as much by increase in metrology as it is by the ongoing challenges of defectivity.
Richard P. Wallace: Exactly. Metrology is a bit more stressed than it was at 45, which is I think why the overall intensity goes up.
Richard P. Wallace: Yes, the fact that you have to do multiple patterning because EUV is late. And I think that they're definitely more critical layers which just drive -- so the requirements for overlay and the requirements for FinFET drive more metrology. There's also strong defectivity, but we had strong defectivity challenges back at 45 as well. That's what kickstarted a lot of our business.
Richard P. Wallace: No, it's definitely related to die size and geometry, Raj. You have both things happening, and I think it's more analogous to what happened to processors, microprocessors, in the '90s when they were getting both larger die but at the same time smaller dimensions. We're seeing that in mobility, driven by slightly different factors. One is a drive for less power. But it is definitely the case that the die are getting bigger and the yield challenges associated with that more pronounced, especially as they go to smaller design rules.
Richard P. Wallace: Well, Raj, it's -- I mean, as I said, we don't like to model what the second half is going to look like at this point. It's really tough for us. But we do see a lot of good indicators out there in terms of the conversations we're having with customers in both the foundry space -- and there are many people who said foundries were going to fall off 3 quarters ago, and we see ongoing strength. And I think it's driven by this mobility drive. We have multiple players supporting that, including a big foundry increasing their CapEx today. We don't that is necessarily the end of that. But at the same time, we do have some opportunities because of the process challenges associated with the latest generation NAND and what we believe will be in DRAM. So on balance, I also think there's some capacity opportunities as we get wafer manufacturers turned back on, and that's going to take a while. But we're -- it's too soon to model. We have an overall view for the year relative to last year, flat to down 5. But I don't want to get into a specific guidance for the second half at this point.
Richard P. Wallace: Okay I'll take the 2 in the order you gave them. The first one, the supply constraints are really driven by the ability to get parts. It's not so much our space issues or talent. We've got the people. It's a matter of pulling the supply chain, and we've had a dramatic ramp. For us, it's kind of the usual suspects. It's going to be around optics. It's around illumination sources, whether they'd be laser or broadband. And it's really related to critical components which have longer lead time. And we've done -- and our suppliers have done a great job of ramping up to support us, but demand far exceeded what we had originally modeled. So we're playing catch-up. I would say that we're doing a good job of that. In terms of order, breadth is really among the logic and foundry players, and it's broad among logic and foundries as it was last quarter. What's slower, and we saw a little bit pickup in memory, but what's slower is there's just not a lot of action in DRAM. We do expect to see some of that. There's not much in the wafer manufacturers. There's not much, actually, in the reticle manufacturers right now. And so it is broad among foundries and logic on advanced nodes; not really very broad anywhere else.
Richard P. Wallace: Yes, I'll take those in reverse order. We're definitely seeing multiple on 20 nanometer, but they're different stages, I would think of maturity. But we are seeing R&D related work for 20. In terms of forecasting what we see right now for June by end customer, memory we think is around 21%. With actually, most of that being, as we're forecasting right now, DRAM related. Logic at 12%, and foundry picking back up to 67% percent, and the non-semi at about 5%.
Richard P. Wallace: Well, I think we're doing pretty well across the board in terms of relative -- when we look at market share. We're talking more in general about the overall performance KLA-Tencor from a revenue perspective relative to the overall industry, where we see process control strengthening as we go forward for all the reasons we've talked about in the past. But also we have gained share, and so that puts us at a great position to support our customers as we go forward. There are great opportunities for us in metrology. I mentioned the double patterning, more layers, but also the challenges of defectivity. So right now, it's pretty broad. As I said earlier, I think the areas that are slower, that may pick up but won't then be on for most of this calendar year, relate to wafer manufacturers. And there's been some softening in overall investment by the reticle manufacturers at this point, which may pick up later in the year.
Richard P. Wallace: Well, I think that the advanced node work continues to challenge our customers. There's definitely work on now with 40-nanometer. When we think about the early phases of development, it tends to favor tools like the very advanced wafer inspection tools. Sometimes the e-Beam tools will get pulled into that. And there are -- we do have tools that are perhaps more related to capacity, and those tend to come during the ramp phase as opposed to the development phase. But we are seeing that demand right now and working closely with our customers on the tool sets to support their R&D.
Richard P. Wallace: Well, probably not for a couple of quarter. I mean we had a strong placement of a number of the 6xx product line when we introduced that. We're doing very well from a share perspective, but we do forecast another relatively softer quarter in the June, and we would expect in the second half to see more activity in reticle. But right now, it is definitely lower than it has been in prior quarters. Because of the size of those orders and the capital intensity of that equipment, that tends to be pretty lumpy, and we forecast that going forward as well.
Richard P. Wallace: Well, I think that the dynamics of foundry continue to play to KLA-Tencor. I think we're an important ingredient in anybody that's running at a high-mix environment and has a lot of process change. And I think that overall dynamics of the mobility markets support our business pieces that they're going to need more inspection than measurement. I would say that the DRAM less intensive and probably not a huge contributor to our progress going forward. I think that NAND, however, is because of the technology associated with, especially the 3D NAND work that's going on. So if I had to pick -- and logic continues to be, but logic, of course, is starting to blur with foundry if you look at the dynamics. I think over 2 to 3 years, logic looks more like foundry as the main logic players move to support the mobility market. And I think for us, the strength will be in those markets, less so in the DRAM market.
Richard P. Wallace: Well, I think that the demonstrated value that we've seen in our metrology, especially around multiple patterning, which drives both the overlay business and registration business but also the films business, is strong. I don't see any change in that because the complexity associated with that goes. And then defectivity. I think that there's no question that our strength in technology advancement in both the main platforms there, the Brightfield, the Darkfield, but also the bare wafer, are all well positioned to support advanced technology nodes. So I wouldn't say one is particularly stronger than the other when it comes to those 3 categories. But we do see big opportunities, and we're seeing it now when we provide more capability on the advanced design rules' defectivity. A lot of it is customers then learn what they've been missing, and that's part of what caught us by surprise with the big demand is they got a hold of a new technology. And of course, we heavily investing in R&D, and we'll be bringing out next-generation. We've got at least a 5-year roadmap mapped out in our key product lines, where we have developments going on that will be bringing out new capabilities to support the market as we go forward.
Richard P. Wallace: And to just add to that, I think that you're well aware that utilization at the leading edge is very high. But the utilization at the trailing edge is actually softer and that more tightly correlates to the service business than the leading edge does. So the systems business outperforms during that time period, in addition to the factors that Mark highlighted.
Richard P. Wallace: Stephen, right. I think that's generally -- I might modify it a little. There's no question that there is technology happening in the foundries as well. Particularly in the areas of the advance design rules and that's a big catalyst for growth for us. But no question that memory right now is about technology, and it's also where we see capacity when we talk about the wafer manufacturers, which have been very, very slow. The only purchases we've seen in our wafer manufacturers have been associated with technology, indicating that we believe there'll be opportunity once they, too, resume their growth. But right now, there's -- it's all about technology. And I'd say the one kind of in the middle is NAND as it deals with advanced technology, and we're hoping to see some improvement in capacity later on NAND.
Richard P. Wallace: We don't have a lot of visibility beyond it. We do see some June activity. But as you know, I'm sure you know, there've been a couple of disruptions in DRAM, if you just look at some of the players that have caused to able to tap the brakes. One player didn't have really any access to capital, and the other one had a big financial problem. So that kind of froze everybody. Since then, you have one that's going through the process, and we think there'll be some resolution when it comes to the bankruptcy in Elpida, and the other one is merger completed in Korea, which means at least some of the CapEx. So we'll see technology, we're definitely seeing signs of that in the current quarter, and then we expect that later in the year, we'll see some resumption of capacity investment or more technology. But we're not talking about big numbers. I mean, it's been almost off. So we're talking about off of a very low base.
Richard P. Wallace: I think there's 2 ways to think about it. There's definitely -- there's some truth about that the -- we sold a number of our 6xx series. The other thing is there is going to be some fab line business that becomes available. But when the yields are low on the advanced design rule, there's less business in the fab for some of the reticle business, so we see less business there until the yield issues really get ramped. And so I think that those are kind of 2 factors associated with that.
Richard P. Wallace: We're down but above -- down quarter-on-quarter, but they're running a little bit higher than they had historically. I think it was also -- frankly, the strength of the wafer inspection makes it as a percent come up. But yes, there's timing associated with that. Some of that we'll see as we go forward. And then it's also associated with some strength in wafer displacing NAND.
Richard P. Wallace: Yes, there's no question on NAND. On capacity, it has been slow, and we don't expect that to change much. Where we have seen some business and had a reasonable quarter in the March quarter was associated technology, but as we said, going forward, even in the June quarter, we expect to see NAND as a smaller percentage of a smaller number. So I agree that we don't see a tremendous amount of investment in NAND either except for some technology.
Richard P. Wallace: Well, so there's 2 sides of it. One is the overlay challenges and the 3D structures when it comes to making film measurements are both going to drive metrology for us. When it comes to the defectivity associated with the advanced design rules, just smaller device but also the VNAND structure creates opportunity for the wafer inspection. The other thing we've seen is some opportunity for bare wafer into memory in places where we haven't necessarily seen adoption in the past. So we think that's some good opportunity for us to penetrate further in those markets. So I'd say the mix is pretty good, given that wafer is overall larger percent of our business than metrology. I think you'd probably equal weighting and increase in opportunity, which means the mix stays similar. But both go up as a result of the process complexity. And that's based on the preliminary data we're seeing now and what we're working with customers in their development.
Richard P. Wallace: No. The pushouts were related to just transferring of information and data, some pickups in IT. And we have since book the orders.
Richard P. Wallace: Possibly. I mean, as we have a pretty wide range on June capturing that. Couple of things have happened. One, we're in pretty big numbers for us. And we're talking about a not that large customer base, which has always been true but it's especially true now. And so you have large orders from a few customers creating a large range and a certain amount of uncertainty. The thing that does give us some confidence is there's a high demand for spots, and so for us to be able to respond to support our customers, so we think we'll get more clarity as the quarter goes on. But I think as we have seen in the last few quarters, it's getting harder for us to have much visibility although we see demand just because we have a fewer number of buying a larger percent of the order book. And so I would say we're going to -- it will be right down to the wire and as it was at the end of March, and that's why we've given such a large range.
Richard P. Wallace: I don't think so. I think that we're at kind of a pretty narrow visibility now, and I don't think it will get much worse. The only exception I would give you that the caveat is if you go back to a market situation where there is macroeconomic shock, then our bets are off. But I think we're living in a world now where our customers are driven by consumers. Many of our customers are not producing for their own needs but producing as foundries, and therefore, they have less visibility and therefore, we have less visibility. And I think it's unfortunately the new normal because I think foundries will dominate the CapEx spending because they're the ones really benefiting the most from the mobility work, which is where most of the business -- semiconductor growth certainly looks to be for the next several years.
Mark P. Dentinger: Yes, 2 responses to that. The OpEx, we're anticipating at least based upon what we know today that the OpEx will continue to increase into next year as we prepare for a next-generation product development. It's probably going to be more pronounced on the research and development side than it is on the G&A side, but there will be a little bit of G&A growth as well. I still think you're looking at a few million dollars of quarter increase, as we move into next year. At least that's our mindset as of today. If things change, we'd certainly update you, but that's certainly our framework for today.
Mark P. Dentinger: Yes. Bill, this is Mark. You actually hit on one of them. We're categorizing mix, the customer mix, which includes the merge mashups [ph]. And we are seeing in terms of the margin pressure that we've experienced and this went up versus a year ago, Basically, it's mostly attributable to product mix. There is a little bit of volume component in terms of the big customers, and at least in this quarter, we had a product transition that pressured the inventory reserves a little bit more than what we've experienced in at least the last 5 or 6 quarters. So a combination of those 3 factors. But I would largely attribute it to the mix of products that we're shipping right now.
Mark P. Dentinger: Yes, I'd be happy to talk to that. A couple of things are happening there. First of all, we did have the OPD interruption this quarter, which cost us about $3 million in the top line. The second thing is that where we lightened up over the last, I would say, 2 to 3 quarters, is in what we call our billable work, which is where customers aren't on contracts. Most of the new tool customers are buying contracts that come along so that they can service the tool in its most intense initiation period of usage. So we do think that at least part of that effect was when Japan went through the tsunami last year. We had an intense increase in that particular region in billable. That has now subsided, that those customers have stabilized. So we suspect that we will begin to grow in the services revenue line in our fiscal Q4. We would expect that the growth to return to sort of normal trajectories as we move into next year. But those 2 phenomenon did have an impact on us over the last 2 to 3 quarters.
