Bren Higgins: Thanks, Rick. KLA’s June quarter results highlight both the soundness and strength of our ongoing strategy. We are demonstrating our ability to meet customer needs and expand our market leadership all while growing operating profits generating strong free cash flow and maintaining our robust capital return strategies. Total revenue was $1.46 billion. non-GAAP gross margin was 60.3%, slightly above the midpoint of the guided range of the quarter of 59% to 61%. Non-GAAP EPS was $2.73 towards the high end of the guiding range of $1.81 to $2.87. GAAP EPS was $2.63. Revenue for the Semiconductor Process Control segment was modestly above expectations for the quarter. Foundry was once again strong at approximately 50% of semiconductor process control systems’ revenue. logic was about 10% of semiconductor systems revenue and memory customers were roughly flat at 40% in the June quarter. Within memory, the business was evenly split about 50/50 between DRAM and NAND. revenue for the specialty semiconductor process segment was a record $100 million, up 18% sequentially and 50% year-over-year is on track for double-digit growth in calendar 2020. PCB, display and component inspection revenue was also a record at $202 million, up 26% sequentially, and 10% year-over-year and above internal plans. In terms of balance sheet highlights, KLA ended the quarter with $2 billion in cash, total data, $3.5 billion and a flexible and attractive bond maturity profile supported by investment grade ratings from all three agencies. From a cash flow and capital returns perspective, free cash flow was $411 million in the June quarter. free cash flow conversion was 96.5% and free cash flow margin was 28.2%. for capital returns over the past 12 months, we have returned $1.35 billion to shareholders or 83% of free cash flow, including $522 million in dividends paid and $829 million in share repurchases. We believe our track record of delivering strong capital returns is a key component of the KLA investment thesis, and offers predictable and compelling value creation for our shareholders. As Rick mentioned, a moment ago, our board approved our eleventh consecutive annual dividend increase, the results in an annual run rate dividend of $3.60 per share. as it relates to guidance for the September quarter, we’d like to start out by saying that our operations teams have done a great job of mitigating the supply chain challenges and disruptions related to COVID-19 although we are carrying more inventory to mitigate unanticipated disruptions, should they occur. the extra measures we have taken to maintain flexibility and continuity of supply for critical components in our supply chain have definitely been effective as demonstrated by KLA’s strong results for both our March and June quarters that either met or exceeded the midpoint of guidance ranges. with that said, we are narrowing our guidance range as we generally see consistency in the current operating environment. the demand profile today for the second half of the year is firming and we now anticipate that the second half will grow versus the first half of 2020. for the calendar year, we expect a faster than market growth year for semiconductor process control business and growth for the total company in line with or above our long-term revenue growth target range. With that, guidance for the September quarter is as follows: total revenue is expected to be $1.48 billion plus or minus $75 million. We forecast non-GAAP gross margin to be in a range of 60.5% to 62.5% as product makes this more favorable versus the June quarter. the market reception to new product offerings in our semiconductor process control business has been strong and as outlined at our Investor Day back in September, the company has made solid progress in our plans of driving costs and efficiencies on new product platforms and leveraging scale derived by our worldwide service infrastructure. Finally, GAAP diluted EPS is expected to be in a range of $2.18 to $2.82 and non-GAAP diluted EPS in a range of $2.42 to $3.06. In closing, we have adapted to a challenging environment. We are executing well and have even more confidence that we’re on track to meet our 2023 target model, both in terms of top-line growth and profitability. We are encouraged by the strength and resiliency of the KLA operating model, which guides our strategic objectives. These objectives fuel our growth, operational excellence and differentiation across an increasingly more diverse product and service offering. We also underpin our sustained technology leadership, deep competitive mode and strong track record of free cash flow generation and capital returns to shareholders. With that, I’ll now turn the call over to Kevin to begin the Q&A.
Bren Higgins: Hey, Harlan, it’s Bren and I’ll go first here. So, I think your conclusions are generally correct. As we said in the prepared remarks, we see our view on the year to be generally at the – within our long-term target growth range of 7% to 9% or above. And so as we look at the year overall, I don’t think things have changed all that much. I mean, you’re right. There was a lot that had to be done back in March and June in terms of managing supply chain and supporting customers, but we’ve worked through all that and we’ve got some consistency now in our overall view. So in general, I would say that our views overall are virtually unchanged. on WFE, everybody counts it up a little bit differently, but I would – so I don’t want to put a point number out there, but I would say that somewhere in the mid-to-high single-digit type growth, 55 to – or mid-50s to high-50s, probably the right way to think about it.
Bren Higgins: Hey, Harlan, it’s bren. The only other thing I’ll add to that is we go back to April, when we were thinking about the quarter, it was unclear what the handset environment would look like in the second half of the year. And so I think one of the encouraging signs that we did see to Rick’s point was the PCB business was really driven by 5G and the preparation for the handset introductions that are to come. So, that was a bit of a surprise for us or perhaps had someone known built into it just related to overall COVID. So, I drove the SPTS business as Rick said, but also drove incremental upside in PCB.
Bren Higgins: Yes. Hey, John. So, I would say that, yes, I mean, quarter-to-quarter, we’re seeing sequential growth in semi PC. and so that’s having a positive effect on gross margins. And so I think that what we’re seeing there, I’m encouraged as I said in the shareholder letter, we talked a lot about driving cost and efficiency improvements in new platforms and customer section has been strong. So, we feel pretty good about the product portfolio we have and the margin position. So, let me just say that I have more confidence around our margin trajectory moving forward, although quarter-to-quarter, the mixed dynamic tends to be the biggest factor that drives our margin around this range. But certainly, as we look forward, we feel pretty confident that we should be able to maintain this sort of 61% and above type trajectory that that we’re experiencing right now.
Bren Higgins: Yes, CJ. it’s bren. So I mean, judging by our percent of business for the September quarter’s memory. It’s lighter than in June. So, most of what we see in the second half, and this was one area, where it wasn’t all that clear if you back up three months ago and say, okay, we thought we’d see some memory recovery in the second half of the year wasn’t exactly sure when we’d see it. But as we’ve – so it looks like it’s more December focused. And it – I would say, it is probably heavier on the flash side, although there is fluidity in terms of how customers are thinking about investment plans, but I think you can look at all the players that are out there that we would expect to see business start to improve in that timeframe. And then I think there’s solid momentum as we move into next year. I don’t want to provide a color on 2021, but I think as we take a step back and look at where memory has been, I mean, starting in the middle of 2018, we’ve seen a pullback and very disciplined management of memory capacity and most of the investment focused on technology transition. So, as that market continues to recover, I think that the market’s in a pretty healthy place overall as we move into 2021.
Bren Higgins: Yes, SPTS, I would – it potentially could be flattish half to half. We’ll have to see how it plays out. I think PCB second half will be slightly – it will probably be lower in the second half, given what’s driven that the strength we saw in the June quarter, I would expect a lot of focus on execution as we move into the second half there. on the flat panel business, I wouldn’t expect much to change on that front. It is a 100% consumer focus. There’s virtually no LCD investment out there. And so there’s a fair amount of digestion of that capacity that’s still being worked through. So, I don’t expect any growth; in fact, maybe, second half might be flat to modestly down in that business.
Bren Higgins: Yes, that’s a good question. And we’re probably operating right now, $10 million to $15 million below what I’d considered to be normalized run rates. We certainly wish we could add people faster, both in terms of new heads, but also a replacement head count. And so this process – this situation has slowed us down from that perspective. So, I think if you just look at overall spending levels today, relative to revenue or size in the company in that $380 million to $385 million range. I mean, ultimately, the way we’re going to run the company over the long-term is to drive a 1.5X drop through – 1.5X the revenue growth rate drop through to earnings. And so that implies 40% to 50% incremental operating margins. So, for every incremental dollar of revenue, we’re probably going to increase costs $0.10 to $0.15 or so. So that’s the way that if our incremental gross margins are above 60%. So, it’s a way to think about it. So, we’re going to look at the opportunities to invest. We always invest in our portfolio, that’s why our market share is almost 5X, our nearest competitors. Why we introduce products faster than our competitors is that we want to make sure we’ve got the best products out there and we continue to innovate. And so we’re going to look at the opportunities first and foremost and then size over time, consistent with our long-term model.
Bren Higgins: So Tim, we don’t really look at WFE spent half-to-half years. I just look at overall expectations and the way we laid out the year at the beginning of the year, and we’re mostly in line with the plan that we had and against the backdrop of, let’s say WFE levels that are mid, single-digit growth for the year. I would expect our process control business to outperform the market. So, as I said earlier around since it’s such a big part of our business, that we would expect it to be within our target revenue range for the year is slightly above process control that statement’s consistent for a process control segment as well.
Bren Higgins: September, we guide the overall company and we manage and deploy resources across all of our businesses to meet our expectations. And so I don’t want to guide the semi PC business, but in terms of just overall expectations, I’d expect that business to grow mid single digits versus the June quarter. But that being said, if I’ve got strength in other parts of the company, and I may deploy resources in a different way that that helps us sort of manage to our overall numbers, but at the end of the day, what we’re really trying to do is drive to our expectations and to continue to ship and support customers according to their timing. But I would expect that mid single digit sort of quarter-to-quarter growth in that segment.
Bren Higgins: Yes. I think we’ve seen process control share of WFE increased two to three points from the transition from planar NAND to vertical NAND. To Rick’s point, we do have some new products in the pipeline that if these products are effective and can be deployed in multiple units across fabs, give us an opportunity to improve that intensity, even higher, both in terms of metrology with some x-ray capability that we’re working on, but also if we can help solve the deep activity challenge, and defects within the stack and locating defects within the depth dimension of the stack. So, there is no shortage of opportunities, and I think we’ve seen it improve so far and we look to see a little bit of improvement moving forward. On the DRAM side, with the introduction of EUV, there is infrastructure for UV, whether it’s one layer or more, you still have to have a radical inspector to be able to qualify radicals, you have to qualify blanks. And then of course, you have to do print check to validate radical fidelity in the fab itself. So, there’s also infrastructure investment that needs to happen to support EUV in the DRAM side.
Bren Higgins: Well, we installed a record number of tools in the June quarter. and so we feel very good about that on the circumstances and being able to transition to more localized teams to handle the installation requirements for our tools. And of course, our guidance for the September quarter contemplates those plans. Overall, service has been – has done extremely well. And Rick talked about utilization rates at foundry and logic. We’ve also seen very strong utilization rates and memory, which is another indicator of health of the market. So, we feel pretty good about all of that. We think we’re going to grow our long-term growth rate expectation – annual growth rate expectation per service is 9% to 11% and we think we’ll be in our target range and because of the scale that we’re now able to drive and some of the investments we made over the years, in China, in particular, but also in Taiwan and Korea. and so on we’re able to drive more economies of scale in our profit structure as well. So that’s – it’s a pretty good situation right now for service and I think we’ve adapted pretty well. And we’re trying to leverage some of the remote capability tools that that are out there today, for us to position this business from an efficiency and support point of view even better going forward.
Bren Higgins: Yes. I don’t think it will – there are. And I don’t think it’ll change in the September quarter and probably, not in the December quarter. So there is a bit of a headwind there about 40 basis points the last quarter. And so the revenue is up a little bit, so a similar impact. Well, this quarter artifacted in the margin guidance. So yes, I think as we start to normalize, whenever that might be, we’ll start to – we’ll get a tailwind from increasing competition in the freight market overall but yes, inbound freight is costs have gone up there.
Rick Wallace: Yes. thanks, Harlan. We’re really pleased with their performance in EPC and I think you have to – when you think about the different divisions, we saw a strong continuing momentum in packaging, and that’s really the ICOS business. We’re also seeing SPTS, the specialty semi business had a very strong showing and we mentioned that set a record there for revenue. PCB was earlier in the year, looked like it was going to soften and it strengthened and driven a lot by 5g infrastructure build out and we feel really good about the execution in that team. display is still in a tough spot and that’s not one that really, we saw a lot of strength and we’re following through on the conversations we’ve had on display, where we’re working on the cost structure and being positioned for when the recovery happens there. But I think the other business is – the other thing that’s really notable is SPTs had a very strong quarter in spite of no automotive business. So that’s really upside as we go forward. I think it’s pretty fair to say automotive semiconductors have bottomed. And so we feel pretty good about – it’s pretty much all upside from here as the spending has probably been curtailed, but showed signs toward the end of next year – this year and then into 2021, we’ll see some resumption of investment as the electrification projects continue. So yes, we feel good about where we are with that and we are definitely getting traction, having those under one organization and engaging with customers at a high level.
Rick Wallace: Yes. We do see we see – we think there’s a lot of evidence that the foundry-logic is going to hold through the second half. And I think that also now, we’re getting indications of strength going into 2021. Part of the uncertainty, I think around the year that everybody has is the memory recovery probably towards the end of the calendar year. And that’s really where we would expect it to Q4 to strengthen there. So that’s I think maybe the less certain part of that, but the setup for logic looks really good. I think the progress that customers and designs, and the ongoing investment by our customers and in multiple design wins and multiple proliferation of devices and multiple players. So, we’re also getting breadth and our products are doing really well. So, we feel pretty strong about how the logic/foundry is going to hold up.
Rick Wallace: Yes. So, what we wanted to make sure is that we could provide differentiated performance for – to address the market gaps that existed and that we could provide customers a complimentary solution along with our optical tools, because what they’re really trying to balance is how do they get all the characterization understanding and product development that they’re looking for out of a portfolio? So, we have some unique capabilities in our e-beam inspection tool. We think that the coverage it provides and the uniqueness, in addition to the fact that it’s closely coupled with our optical tools, it gives a very strong advantage to our customers by using them in parallel. And that’s what we’re seeing. We have mapped out and we have a lot of confidence that we understand what the roadmaps look like in terms of the different e-beam architectures and we feel very confident about our ability to be competitive in e-beam. We wouldn’t have reentered the market if we didn’t feel like we had a differentiated solution. And so that’s the ability both to find the defects of interest and to find them as throughputs that are compelling for our customers and we – as we map out the future, we don’t see any gap between us and competitors. In fact, we see that we have the ability to continue to differentiate our solution.
Rick Wallace: that’s a good question. Certainly metrology, certain parts of metrology, like in film measurement and overlay tends to scale with capacity, but you also have on patterned inspection that scales also with capacity on the patterned inspection side, it tends to be a little bit more front-end in terms of just the development process itself. So now, I think from a lead time point of view, I don’t think the lead times on the products are all that much different a few months or so, but generally, that’s how it plays out.
Rick Wallace: Yes, it’s really early for next year, but what we do see is, multiple customers making investments in foundry. And so far this year, it’s been largely a smaller group, so one. and so the expansion of that is really in the conversations we’ve been having and the commitment to that is what gives us the confidence for the second half of the year, and then the following projects that are coming after that, or why we think it’s a good setup for 2021. But obviously, there’s a long time between now and then. but I think the notion that there is success at these advanced nodes that you have the 5G infrastructure building out, you have a lot going on in the advanced computing and high performance computing along with the work toward AI is all very positive for what we’re seeing in terms of the continued investment in foundry and logic. And a lot of that is driven by the additional capability people are getting from the advanced nodes. So, that’s what gives us confidence that plus the conversations we’re having and the – our challenge in meeting some of the slot demands through the rest of the year, just to keep up with what customers are talking about needing, and we have pretty good ways of judging their actual intent. There are also a number of projects in China that are IoT RF sensor focused. And so it’s made foundry a higher percentage of the mix overall this year and we would expect some sustainability in that as we move into next year. So, to Rick’s point, there’s a fair amount of diversification, really across all end markets. we would expect automotive and industrial, and those areas that sort of fits back with the China statement or more trailing edge to be better next year and there’s enough in-market demand at the leading edge that’s driving incremental customer investment and mitigating reuse, and so on. So, I think the setup as we continue this year and the rest of the year, but also, has been moving to next year, it looks pretty good. Hey, there was a question earlier, Tim’s question on share repurchase. I just want to spend a second on it. So, we – as we started the quarter, we focused on overall liquidity and wanted to see how the market shaked out, given all the unknowns on COVID. So, as we progressed through the quarter, we did pause our share repurchase plan. We did buy back a fair amount of shares in the March quarter and we’d expect that we’ll start our capital allocation program. We’ll begin at this quarter again, at least around share repurchases and should finish the year in line with our objective of returning at least 70% of the cash flow we generate to shareholders. So, I would expect this year to be above that baseline.
Rick Wallace: I wouldn’t say there are fewer. So, I think if you look at leading edge investment and certainly, our expectations for what we’ve seen in this business, and what we expect going forward is to Rick’s earlier point, is no correlation between any of the announcements or conjecture that’s in the marketplace versus what we’re doing internally. So, we feel very good about the leading edge adoption that’s out there. And I think that as you see the end markets adopt, I think that that deploys more capacity. And with foundries – if foundries are providing more of that capacity, then that tends to be a higher process control intensity and as those customers have to deliver a lot of yielded product to type market windows. So, we feel pretty good about that. There’s a lot of end demand and there’s specific designs for those – for that demand. And so I think on the trailing edge side, there’s some start-up costs for new projects or maybe, inefficiency in the market. but over time, they’re building to specific markets and you might see some trading of capacity there. But overall, I think we feel pretty good about the leading edge environment, particularly end demand, but also the technology scaling that’s now happening with EUV.
Rick Wallace: Yes. I’ll take the first part and then Bren can fill in the number, thinking that industry, Joe, I mean, what we’ve seen in two things; one as the design rules have or the design complexity has pushed both in flash and of course, in DRAM, that does create more opportunity. In some cases, the opportunity was already there. What was missing from us was necessarily a solution. So, a part of it was having the capability and tools to support the advanced node and the needs, and that’s something that we’re pretty happy with in terms of, as we laid out in the past, our ability to drive up process control, intensity, and memory, and we’ve already seen the first part of that. So, we feel validated in that approach. The other thing that’s interesting and we didn’t necessarily know is going to happen, but on DRAM, the introduction of EUV for DRAM driving more defectivity needs and capability, and the usage of that. So, there are some really positive trends in terms of driving process control intensity well above what it was in the past for memory. We really went backwards when the first move to NAND was first introduced, because they went back a couple of design rules, and now they’re back moving forward, we have some product capability. We’ve learned how to solve some of these problems and we’re engaged closely with customers. So, we feel good about the progression of process control intensity as the design rules continue to move forward with the technology nodes continue. It’s not just design rules as you know, but the challenges in the increased number of layers. So, Bren from a standpoint of the numbers.
Rick Wallace: Well, and it was – and we had to go through the exercising, the exercise as did our peer companies, of determining whether or not we were, how to be compliant with the regulations. And I think, all the peer companies have gone through that exercise and we’ve been able to navigate that. As we said, we’re going to obviously follow the law. It was just – there was some uncertainty as to what exactly how to interpret it. So, we’ve had the benefit of working through those details and feel like we’ve moved on from that.
Rick Wallace: We’re seeing growth this year. And so you’ve got the pieces that are part of PCB and display. So, my growth statement is more WFE-centric. But I would expect it to be 20% or more. So, I think WFE levels in China, for the native China customers are – is probably somewhere in the $9 billion to $10 billion range. So, it certainly is growth this year and it’s more foundry, and I would call it infrastructure centric.
Rick Wallace: So, when we’re looking at it right now, it’s about 50%, and it feels like the success that we’ve had there, as you point out, we’ve got good exposure, we’ve got good products to serve those customers. And we feel like that’s, this is early days where the 5G build-out. So, we think there’s continued opportunity there as we go forward.
Rick Wallace: It’s really hard to say. I mean, I think part of what we’ve experienced over time is that there are customers that historically, we’ve seen a high correlation between their ability to stay on leading edge and their engagement and investment in KLA process control equipment. So, what we’re seeing now is, people that feel like they’re needing to catch up are investing more to do that. But I think it’s pretty clear, if you want to stay on the leading edge of a lot of logic and foundry, and you don’t have the ability to fully understand and the learning cycles in the fab, you’re going to struggle. So anybody, that’s trying to get into a lead or maintain a lead ends up changing their investment profile. That’s why – what’s really good for us as people that want to do advanced node technology, because they need to invest. And so I would say that if it moves it’s because that they’ve struggled, and if they want to be successful, then they end up investing more. So, I think that what’s really good for KLA’s advanced nodes and the desire people have to support them. I think in – as you know, in a foundry, especially, a multiproduct foundry, the other challenge they have is their multiple process flows. So, it also is a challenge for inspection and metrology to be able to support so many flows, because all the designs aren’t all going through the same process flow. So, we generally feel really excited when we see the large number of increasing designs that advanced nodes that’s what’s really been encouraging. The other thing on the sustainability of it just – the one thing we would have wondered earlier this year was if we were to see utilization in the fabs of logic and foundry go down and we haven’t. So, we feel pretty good about the sustainability of the investments across the board.
Rick Wallace: Yes. I’ll just add to that. I mean, our service guys are really heroes, service guys and girls, this last quarter and this year, they’ve done an amazing job. When we look at all our customers, even back in Wuhan during the early stages of this crisis, the only people that we’re going anywhere inside of fabs were our service guys, and they were there to support our customers. And so often with our customers, when they don’t want to have visitors of any kind, that the exception is service, because they want to keep these fabs up and running. So really, it’s been remarkable to see the resiliency of that. And as Bren said, the long-term trend looks good and this year, we feel really good about services ability to hit the targets we’d set out pre-COVID for them. So, we feel really good about that.
Rick Wallace: I think DRAMs a little bit, I think flash is better in the – as I said earlier, I think flash is better in the second half of the year, and that DRAM is probably stronger than the first half of the year overall. But I mean, again, that can move around a little bit, but that’s how we see it right now.
Rick Wallace: So Quinn, this is Rick, I think since KLA started doing business internationally, when I’ve been in the company back in Japan and whatever, the late 80s, there have always been attempts by our customers in different regions to have supply base. So, there’s never been a lack of interest and motivation that happened in Japan, of course, that happened in Korea, not quite as much in Taiwan, but definitely, happened in China. So for sure there is interest and desire to have their own capability. But, like as you know, this business, that’s – the impetus on us is to keep driving performance capability and making sure we’re competitive, so that we’re more than competitive, we’re compelling, so that we win that business. But yes, of course, there is interest in trying to have alternatives other than U.S. But I think the practical business of running semiconductors is you got to be competitive on a worldwide basis. And so you’ve got to have the capabilities to compete worldwide. And that’s always been, our belief is we have to win overall, because any opportunity, any region has to go with another solution they’re going to do it. So, we don’t see that as particularly different than it’s been in the past.
Rick Wallace: Yes, both. For sure, we’ll see. I mean, as you know, these things go in cycles of the early – the early work and then you get the build-out and we also have some of the – as Bren mentioned earlier, we have a fair amount of logic that’s a trailing that continues to be the investment. But on the leading edge, sure, we’ll see early and already in those conversations about that early capability. And that will be of course, our leading edge tools, not as many early on, but that’s really in the debugging phase of that. And I would expect to follow on there. I would expect the broader levels of investment into the first half of next year. The breadth that we talked about this year, we would expect some continuation of that into next year. So, a lot of compelling opportunities for a number of players and in the foundry/logic space.
Rick Wallace: It really – it is true. I mean, that trend is true. It’s especially true when there’s fewer – there’s less innovation. I think the difference now on the leading edge is what EUV has done is brought back scaling. And so that was really more pronounced in a period, where we have that long gap where there was no EUV, there was not another lithography technology for several years. And so that really exacerbated that trend. So, the two other factors now you’ve got additional designs, which is kind of a surprise from where maybe, the world was a while ago, and then you have multiple players trying to – so the phase of that is different, where you have different players trying to cut in, and since there’s a leader and then the other folks are behind, that gives another way of at a different location. So, I think the net of all that is it tends to be more sustainable, plus we have more products that are more tied to production. An example would be overlay, which is much more correlated to production and the number of layers that get measured and overlay, doesn’t really decrease that much now, given the challenges. So, you don’t have that same reduced sampling and reduced the number of tools and in some of these product areas as we might have had in the past.
Rick Wallace: Okay. We wanted to thank everybody for their time and interest. And this concludes the call and Charlie, please provide the final instructions.
