BrenHiggins: Yes. Sure. CJ, it's Bren. I'll go first here just in terms of just context on the numbers. I mean certainly 2019 finished much more much stronger than what we expected which was good to see. And as we look at 2020, if you go back to the last earnings versus where we are today given what we've seen in the foundry logic space. We'd expect to see more growth in the space this year than what we thought before. And I don't think that our views on the memory environment have changed all that much that we'll see flash memory recover. We would expect to see that through the year. And we're not relying much on DRAM in our overall forecasts in terms of incremental WFE investment. So when you take all those puts and takes and then say, okay, where's the growth coming from so certainly our logic foundry process control intensity is good. Some of the growth coming from memory is lower process control intensity, but to your point we do have new product introductions that we believe will help drive some of that. So our assumption is that we think from a process control intensity perspective, it stays relatively flat year-over-year. And with new product introduction, we would expect to see some modest share improvement as well. So that's pretty much how we see things at this point.
BrenHiggins: I would expect PCB to be stronger in the second half. It tends to be more mobile centric. So to your point, we would expect to see stronger revenue profile in the second half for PCB. We expect this year to be as Rick had indicated a year of modest growth in the space and keep in mind in that part of the business we also have big chunk of it is also service where it's over 90% of its contract pay. So it -- there's a high service utilization on those tools and a stickiness to the investment as well.
BrenHiggins: So I think when you look at the comparison to the year I mean certainly we've got some incremental growth from the inclusion of the Orbotech business in 2019 that drove the growth rate to the upper end of the range. So on the process control side given the weakness in memory particularly in the first half of the year; it did push us down towards slightly below the 9% to 11% range in terms of year-over-year growth for the process control part of the business. As we look at 2020 though as we've seen utilizations tighten pretty significantly both in memory but also in the logic space over the course of the year, we would expect the service business to perform in line with its long-term growth rate expectation, which is 9% to 11%. So we feel pretty good about what's going on there certainly that the contract penetration is as high as Rick had indicated. I think with rising utilization with new products given demand from customers as they ramp new facilities; we tend to see strong service performance there. And I would expect to see that play out in 2020. So I'd expect more growth next year or in 2020 versus 2019.
BrenHiggins: Yes to Rick's point, I mean it is an important part of our strategy here to see the market with these products and to start to develop use case and to drive value with these offerings and customers. And so initial results are pretty promising and it's one of the really one of the factors as we look at those products whether it's incremental Gen5, print check applications, which is how customers will qualify reticles in the fab in EUV or whether it's e-beam to Rick's point or x-ray metrology. We're really excited about the contributions from those products as we move forward here. So the contribution in 2020 will be less than what I would consider sort of a steady-state expectation for those business because we're starting to seeing the market with those products but we will see revenue and I would think that it's one of those factors that I believe keeps process control intensity a flat despite that the memory growth that we would expect to see in 2020.
BrenHiggins: I would say probably between 25% and 30% generally. So to think about the systems piece in 2019 it was about $665 million on what was about $3.2 billion of semiconductor shipments or semiconductor revenue.
BrenHiggins: Yes. So we would expect and again with some range to this but the midpoint on the semiconductor side would be approximately 1.2 -- about 1,215 to let's say 1,230 - 1,235 in that ballpark. 
BrenHiggins: So, Tim, I think when I look at the data on the semiconductor process control part of the business, it looks like revenue was up about 24% half over half in the second half versus the first half of 2019.
BrenHiggins: Tim, I think it's timing. I mean, look, it's not a way I've really thought about it. So we can follow up on it. I need to think about those dynamics. I mean you get different customers, different customer mix. You have the China dynamic. So there are a number of moving parts here that influence the numbers. I mean if you look at our year-over-year performance in a down year for the industry it down what looks like about 10%, we're going to be up modestly may be I think it looks like we were up about 1% or so. So the second half strength driven by strong investment really from the foundry leader. I would say logic, if you look back at this detailed logic was not all that strong for us over -- really over the course of most of 2019. So I think that the relative performance was pretty good in 2019 versus 2018.
BrenHiggins: Yes. Bare wafer was down; bare wafer was down about 10% year-to-year, so that was another factor as well.
BrenHiggins: Well, Krish, on the memory recovery is more of a second half driven dynamic. I mean the activity out there is pretty limited right now to one customer. So not a lot of investment and so I wouldn't expect to see foundry recovery or I'm sorry memory until we move into the second half of the year.
BrenHiggins: There are no changes in gross margin. Our gross margin across all our customer segments is generally the same. Now it varies across different product types, but customer segments doesn't drive influence our gross margin unless the product makes dramatically changes? But product is the same margin generally across all segments.
BrenHiggins: Yes. The assumption is really about revenue, it's not about spending. Our spending plans are based on product development requirements and infrastructure requirements across the company over a broader view of the future. So in any given quarter in a situation like this, we would continue to spend according to our plan. I also said the expectations that I don't think it affect our overall plan for 2020. So I would think that that business just shifts into the first part of, or later on in the next quarter or two as we progress through the year. Obviously, this is a fluid situation and things can change but based on how we see it today that's how we're thinking about it. So the 3% to 5% is basically just comes off the top the same expectations for spending and of course there's a gross margin impact to that which is reflected in the guidance. So we widen the range because there's some fluidity around not just what happens in Hubei province but even broader China and how that restarts not just with customers but suppliers. So we tried to bake in the broader range to accommodate that potential risk, but that's how we're thinking about it right now.
BrenHiggins: John, and the only other things I'll add to that is to Rick's point, I mean look strength and timing to memory recovery is probably the biggest wildcard and so certainly people have different views on that and depending on which markets that you tend to do better and you may have a different view of that. So I think that's one of the wildcards. The second one is how much growth that we see in China? How robust is the growth? We do expect China to grow year-over-year in terms of WFE investment. I think the question right now or maybe one of the wildcards if you will is how much of that is memory in terms of the next phase of investment on the memory side. So certainly there are a number of projects on the foundry logic side that are investing and overall but it's more foundry logic heavy. So I think the memory sort of question in China is probably another factor that influences that forecast. But I do think that where we line up is probably in this high single low double-digit kind of range plus or minus and we'll see how it plays through as we move through the year. Given the flexibility, we believe having the factory if it turns out that it's stronger than that we should be able to support that demand. So we'll be -- we are well positioned for that if that materializes that way.
BrenHiggins: Yes. Vivek, so when I look at it, I think that business just shifts, part of it is process control, part of it is -- it's really across our broader business. There's an impact to the specialty semiconductor business and Huawei or in Wuhan and in Hubei Province there. An impact to the flat panel business and to process control. So what we're assuming is that area given it's the epicenter of the Coronavirus so far that it takes a little bit longer for that to recover. And so we're adjusting our outlook to accommodate that. Perhaps we're a little bit later than the others and so we're adopting a slightly more conservative view and but my view is that the 2020 outlook is no different. And so I would expect that business to, as we start to be able to engage there and be able to support those customers that will ship that capability in the June quarter and in that timeframe.
BrenHiggins: But we do have suppliers that haven't been able to get back in other parts of China whether it's in Shanghai or in Sojo that to deliver capability that gets integrated into systems and its supply chain that could be dual sourced but not in a short run, it would take a couple of months to qualify a second supplier. So right now when those suppliers are able to come back online, their people can actually get back into the factory we would expect to have very little if any disruption based on the current plan. Now if it extends out and people can't get back in and these facilities stay closed then it would have a broader impact and again another reason for the wider range and so.
BrenHiggins: Yes. I mean certainly 5G and increase in RF requirements are going to be a big driver for SPTS both in the infrastructure for 5G but also in the mobility cycle as that starts to play through. Automotive, there's increasing semiconductor content in automotive and automotive had a difficult year in 2019. So even some of the stronger customers for SPTS bought very little in 2019, so we're comfortable or optimistic about seeing that part of the business recover. And I would expect SPTS if you add the two together both in terms of what 5G is driving and automotive you end up with a 10% to 15% kind of growth here for that business. So we're excited about those opportunities, packaging might provide another tailwind. And I think they're very well positioned in those markets.
BrenHiggins: Yes. I think to Rick's point I mean one of the big things that we saw change in NAND intensity as we went to 3D was a driver of our unpatterned inspection business to keep tools cleaner because of defectivity challenges as they start to process the stacks. You have increasing flatness requirements and so as the stacks are rising flatness becomes more and more important, wafer stress is more important. And so where we have capabilities for that and then certainly the metrology requirements as you've gotten into 3D structures have intensified in a meaningful way for us. Then you add in new products and we feel pretty good about that both with new products from metrology, but also in terms of some of the e-beam capability that we're bringing to market. To Rick's point, DRAM with the introduction of EUV into DRAM even a single layer or two that should drive scaling again and ultimately will enable smaller defects which tends to drive our inspection business. And with the broader portfolio we feel like we're very well positioned there. So we think there are opportunities for we have to execute but we think there's opportunities for us to continue to drive some improvement in process control intensity and memory. It'll never look like foundry logic but at the same time, I think there's incremental opportunity there if we can execute.
BrenHiggins: No. It's one of the drivers that have changed these last earnings as I would expect to see some growth there. It's more logic foundry heavy. I think the amount of memory investment in China next year is probably one of these wildcards that will influence the WFE level overall for next year. But, yes, I would expect to see it grow and I think it's double-digit growth year-to-year.
BrenHiggins: Well, you have multiple customers investing in and right now when you look at the March quarter, there just isn't a lot of activity on the memory front. You still see customers investing in technology progression but very little new capacity particularly in the flash space right now in the March quarter for us. Now we shift into that business more in the December quarter, so it could be a timing issue between what we see it versus where capacity centric flare might see it, but memory in the March quarter is kind of weak. And we expect to see it strengthened as we move through the year.
BrenHiggins: I think it's a relatively flat outlook half to half in the first half of 2020 given the assumptions that we have on the Coronavirus and we start to see this work itself and clear itself as we move into the June quarter. So relatively flat for the overall business. End of Q&A
RickWallace: Yes. I'll take part of that and then Bren could talk about contribution. As we talked about it at the Analyst Day and also in our last earnings call, we have seen progress in some of the new products we introduced the AXION and I mentioned that in the prepared remarks. We're seeing POS now for some of the e-beam inspection tools that before we're under evaluation. So we're pretty much on target in terms of the growth potential that we envisioned when we laid out 2023 the plan. And that starts to become more material in the second half of this calendar year. We're very excited about what we've seen with the CD product because we're the x-ray product we're seeing more use cases we're getting customers to give us really positive feedback and we see a continued acceleration. Then I'd also say that the e-beam inspection combined with the optical tool has been performing as we expected and we're seeing momentum grow there. So we're on target. We continue to be on the strategic objectives that we laid out for those products to get us to where we believe we need to be to support our 2023 plan. And in terms of impact for this year, it's more second half loaded and so Bren can talk a little bit of sizing.
RickWallace: The one other area you didn't ask about, Harlan, but I'll just for more perspective the Gen5 adoption is accelerated throughout the 2019 and now in 2020, we're seeing additional growth and we're seeing it really being a major product for multiple customers on both advanced but some nodes that we would have thought maybe it was late for insertion, but we're finding some applications and where it's really gaining subtraction is with EUV qualification. And I mentioned that in the prepared remarks, but I think it's really important as EUV fans out, we think it's a great opportunity for Gen5 to exceed even some of the potential that we had originally envisioned because it's really the best way to verify the quality of the EUV masks and especially as customers are ramping the number of devices running on EUV. We're seeing a lot of support and interest from our customers for that. So we feel really good about where Gen5 is right now.
RickWallace: Well, Tim, you got to remember that even the activities that we saw at the end of the calendar year that's revenue that didn't come in at the end of the calendar. And the other part of that was the change in memory during that same time period.
RickWallace: Yes. And one last point, Tim, is there was a change in bare wafer and we talked about that that 2019 was softer than 2018. And so some of the business you would have seen in 2018 would have been the wafer. So it was both a mix and timing issue.
RickWallace: No. Just nothing about anything other than we're complying with all the -- as you know rather fluid changes in policy of support for overall China, but also Wuhan in particular and following that and monitoring that very closely as everyone is right now.
RickWallace: Yes. Thanks a lot, John. I think that what I can say is the end of calendar year, there was more momentum maybe than we would have anticipated from a lot of the activity with our logic and foundry. In fact, as you know, is very strong and very encouraging the number of design starts and so the foundry really shapes up to be quite strong. And it's more than just one customer in advanced nodes. So we feel really good about foundry logic and we're getting the right signals from our customers about the strength their. Memory did strengthen in terms of our view and as Bren just indicated it's earlier for us to size what second half and as you know, we don't give annual guidance. But I would say there is certainly momentum for the memory investment and even if you look at the way 2019 ended and you've talked about this in the past, if this is a downturn it's pretty good downturn because 2019 ended pretty strong and the momentum feels pretty good. So if you take out any exogenous factors like some of the things we're dealing with in terms of the Coronavirus things look pretty good for 2020 and we're pretty excited. It's really hard for us to size it and for us we definitely feel momentum and we're building our capacity to be able to support the increased demands and we have some product areas where we're out of supply for what customers want. So we're having to add capability to support that. So I don't want to give a number but we definitely feel more positive about 2020 than we did probably four or five months ago, especially in light of how strong 2019 ended.
RickWallace: Yes. And if you want perspective, you just look back at other disruptions in supply in our industry's history just recently and what comes to mind to me are floods that we had in Southeast Asia. We had the tsunami and the effect of that and we've had fires and fabs. And in every case, it bounced back. So I don't think there, I think it's, if it's a temporary disruption it comes back and that's what we're -- as we're viewing it right now.
RickWallace: There is higher, I think what's interesting is this is a case of having the capability as opposed to the desire. Our customers in especially in NAND had a huge desire for more process control capability. We just didn't necessarily have the solution so that was why the intensity was lower. There was plenty of desire. We have now our products that we've been working on for years targeting and supporting some of the challenges in the advanced NAND technology nodes and we're seeing adoption as a result of this new product. So that's driving process control intensity. DRAM is benefiting from the fact they're still shrinking and so you're seeing some use for some of the advanced wafer inspection capabilities to be able to deal with the increased defectivity requirements. So both of those are cases where we're seeing higher intensity and it's brought on mainly by solutions not so much by need.
RickWallace: Yes. We're not seeing any change in the customer needs and in fact, if anything we're having more conversations with customers to ensure that we can continue to support them. We are modeling supply chain questions and I think that that is something that we continue to model and that's what accounts for the range that we provided and the size of the range. So it's much more about sorting it out and there's new information every day. I'd say in the last couple days, it's actually been slightly more positive in terms of the ability to navigate. And so we're still working through a lot of those details.
RickWallace: And maybe the last point. I know this is the extension of the Chinese New Year means that they're still -- we're still sorting through what that means because people have been off and so as they go back we're trying to determine exactly how that plays out.
RickWallace: Joe. Hi, this is Rick. I'll take the first part and let Bren finish with the hard stuff. So my view is the, we are seeing the adoption. We talked about earlier over process control adoption stages back up and say the process control intensity in 2020 being nominally flat to 2019. That's really a function of memory adoption being higher than it's been historically and that's a function of the new products that we have, as well as increased adoption and wafer inspection. We have seen new use case in terms of what we're seeing for example for Gen5 as we expand that capability out. One thing we don't know is when or if EUV is really going to be implemented in any big way in memory, but that creates some upside. But the other thing is the metrology opportunities that we see based on the new products that we've introduced drive that intensity up. So there is some displacement in terms of our new tools displace our prior generation, but the net of it all is process control intensity improving as we see it in the memory specifically in the NAND.
TimothyArcuri: Thanks a lot. So, Bren, I'm just looking at the second half of 2019, I'm just looking at your process control system shipments. And you did 831 in September and you just did 875 in last September you did 830 and then you did 850 last calendar Q4. So that's up like small single digits year-over-year, but if I add together Intel and TSMC CapEx, it's up like more than 30%. So it seems like the number ought to be a little higher. I'm just wondering if maybe there's some timing effect there or how you sort of -- how you sort of reconcile those numbers? Thanks.
TimothyArcuri: I guess the question is you guys are pretty well exposed to foundry and logic so why would it be up so little when those guys CapEx is up massively. I mean it's up 30 plus percent.
TimothyArcuri: Okay. Awesome. Got it. And then, Rick, I think you said in the prepared remarks that obviously you've widened the range, but I think you also said something about potential policy changes. What did you --were you referring to Export Control that could come about or were you referring specifically to just the virus and something that might happen around that? Thanks.
