Ed Lockwood - KLA-Tencor Corp.: Thank you, Jeff. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our conference call. Joining me on our call today are Rick Wallace, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Bren Higgins, our Chief Financial Officer. We're here today to discuss quarterly results for the period ended March 31, 2018. We released these results this afternoon at 1:15 Pacific Time. If you haven't seen the release, you can find it on our website. Today's discussion of our financial results will be presented on a non-GAAP financial basis unless otherwise specified. A detailed reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results can be found in today's earnings press release and in the investor presentation on KLA-Tencor's Investor Relations website. There you'll also find a calendar of future investor events, presentations and conferences, as well as links to KLA-Tencor's SEC filings, including our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2017. In those filings, you'll find descriptions of risk factors that could impact our future results. As you know, our future results are subject to risks. Any forward-looking statements, including those we make on the call today, are subject to those risks, and KLA-Tencor cannot guarantee those forward-looking statements will come true. Our actual results may differ significantly from those projected in our forward-looking statements. With that, I'll turn the call over to Rick.
Ed Lockwood - KLA-Tencor Corp.: Okay. Thank you, Bren. At this point, we'd like to open up the call for questions. We request that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up given the limited time we have today's call. Feel free to re-queue for additional questions as time permits. All right, Jeff, we're ready for the first.
Ed Lockwood - KLA-Tencor Corp.: Okay. Thank you, Jeff. Thank you all for joining us today and for your continued interest in KLA-Tencor.
Timothy Arcuri: Thank you very much. Hi. Hi, guys. So the first question obviously is on memory. I don't ever remember you guys shipping 65%, 70%, which is basically in line with the market. I don't ever remember you guys having memory concentration that's sort of in line with the market. Typically it's quite a bit lower. So I guess my question is, is it like a one-time deal related to China? Is it a big uptick in memory process control intensity? Can you just talk about that? Thanks.
Timothy Arcuri: Okay, great. Bren, can you – I guess, just as a follow-up, can you talk about the timing on those products? I know sort of the industry's been waiting for a product that can really help ramp yields in 3D NAND. You guys have been developing that product suite for now sometime, can you talk about when that's going to really shift and when that's going to become meaningful in terms of revenue, and that could really drive the sort of organic memory process control intensity up for you? Thanks.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks. I'm still trying to make sense of this foundry shipment into the back half of the year. If you look at Lam's shipments, and I know that Lam's obviously a different company but – and you sort of noodle through their guidance, it implies that foundry shipments are like up 2x the second half versus first half. And if you graphed their shipments versus your shipments, there's a pretty strong correlation between the trend for them and the trend for you. And it seems like maybe this time it's like breaking down a little bit, and maybe the answer is that you are seeing an offset from this change at a big logic customer, maybe that's sort of offsetting some of what would otherwise be a very, very strong foundry ramp so that that stuff ultimately comes back, but maybe it just gets pushed into next year. I'm just kind of trying to make sense of that. Thank you.
Richard P. Wallace - KLA: Hey, Tim. I'll take it and then give it to Bren. Yes and yes. I mean, I think China definitely helps because of the greenfield fabs, which are always great for process control intensity, but also newer players needing to get the capability to ramp. The second part is that we have new capability which the market is recognizing the need for, and so we're seeing increased process control adoption as a result of that. And that's both in the developments in NAND, but also in DRAM as they continue to push design rules.
Richard P. Wallace - KLA: We have had good success with the GEN 5. I think we are still in the mode of proving out the capability before it ramps into production. We do have a couple of places where we're seeing multiple units ramping. But it is a relatively long cycle. We have seen the pull-in of product nodes. So in the case where we did think it'd be more tied to EUV, we've seen more work characterization of existing nodes kind of to the problems that you're talking about. I think people felt like maybe they'd resolved some of the yield challenges are definitely using some of their initial capability to debug. So we are seeing some opportunity for that. But it's still – it's kind of as we expected. It's a relatively long adoption cycle once people get in the evaluation. And most of the customers are encouraged but continuing to push that.
Richard P. Wallace - KLA: Yeah. Let me take it. Maybe to view it from a portfolio perspective, we did see strength as you mentioned and we talked about in the prepared remarks due to a number of new tapeouts at advanced design rules and this, of course, being driven largely by people pushing designs and mask shock capability for EUV but not only that. Yes, we do see continued strength overall in support of EUV. And when we look at our overall process control intensity for EUV as compared to optical, if you look at the one scanner of optical Deep UV versus EUV, you need a similar percentage, maybe a little bit more percentage of process control intensity to support that. That includes the fractional use of reticle tools as well as wafer tools in order to support it. So while the overall industry in general may see capital intensity decline in areas other than litho, process control will track and maybe even outpace litho for process control intensity for EUV. So we're encouraged by that. In terms of e-beam, we're finding that there is a lot of appetite for the optical extensions that we have on the platform, and so we continue to support our customers with that. One of the nodes of the – the comments of the slipping out of nodes due to yield means they're also delaying advanced EUV insertion, which gives the optical a longer runway. So we feel very well-positioned to support that.
Richard P. Wallace - KLA: Yeah, I'll take it, but I'll also have Bren comment as well. In support of EUV, the question we're just addressing – we have seen reticle, so I think the reticle timing of that is maybe more consistent with the shipments of EUV tools and that is support of the same development work that's going on. We do expect to see an increase toward the end of the year in activity around the ordering for 5 nanometer node, and we talked about that in the prepared remarks. But I think that that is coming and that's something that we'll see later. And to your point, we had a great quarter but it wasn't really driven by our foundry business and we expect that to be late 2018 and carry over into 2019.
Richard P. Wallace - KLA: Well, it certainly scales with the tapeouts, right? And you could even have a situation where you see reticle capacity put in place where you don't necessarily see it coincide with wafer starts because you have to do the tapeouts but maybe the volumes into the low-volume design. So clearly, we're seeing more activity there, certainly even at 7-nanometer. And so you're seeing more investment in and around reticles with a 7-nanometer width with the multi-patterning schemes that are being deployed. It does drive a need for reticle capacity around writers and inspectors, and if there's a nice ratio of one to two units to – or one inspector to every two to three writers in a mask shop. So that's certainly a driver for us, and we think that as we move through the end of this year and into next year, I think that there's momentum around that that continues.
Richard P. Wallace - KLA: Yeah. C.J., great question. I think if we just held firm, in other words if the mix didn't move as much toward memory and if you held memory as a ratio to foundry logic was the same in a year where it was flat, then of course we believe process control intensity would grow. Even though process control intensity did go up in memory, as Bren mentioned and as you all know, it can't make up for the mix shift that we saw. So I'd say that would be the main way of process control intensity because a growing memory market on a relative basis but on a process control intensity that goes down if you do a weighted average.
Richard P. Wallace - KLA: Yes. For DRAM, we do see a push for more capability for inspection, both the high-speed kind of inspection that we do in monitoring, which is laser scanning based but also in development, which is GEN 5 oriented and the leading edge. We also see overlay challenges in DRAM are very significant, and it drives our metrology business for overlay. And so yes, there is an increasing trend. 3D NAND has probably had more growth and on a relative basis than DRAM, but we do see increasing trends in DRAM as well.
Richard P. Wallace - KLA: I think that the Chinese foundry market has slowed a little bit and we're seeing some delays there whereas the Chinese memory market continues to move forward the investment and they're dealing with all the things you'd expect from bringing greenfield fabs up in terms of challenges with getting facilities ready and tools installed. But we do see strength in the memory. As Bren said, we'll see more of that. It has been a little bit softer on the foundry side, though.
Richard P. Wallace - KLA: We haven't really seen dropout happen for many players as we're going to 7 nanometer, so I'd say the same people that were in, I think they're phased in terms of their investment. There aren't that many players doing the advanced design rules for foundry but they're all still in and we expect them at various phases to be investing. So no real change in breadth from the foundries on the advanced nodes.
Richard P. Wallace - KLA: Well, as we said in the prepared remarks, we see a continuation of the momentum there just given where they are in terms of the early innings with some of these investments. I would say the numbers look relatively flat to us from an order perspective my lead time comment earlier notwithstanding. So we'll see how it plays through as they move through the quarter. Obviously, there's some second-half dependency to that profile but for right now it looks like it's fairly consistent versus what we saw last year.
Richard P. Wallace - KLA: Right. I don't think anything's changed from the perspective of the Chinese in terms of what we've seen in terms of some of the discussions. This is a program to gain self-sufficiency in memory and in logic over time because China's such a big importer of semiconductors. So I don't think there's any change. I thought you were going to ask me what does it sound like? And we take their numbers and cut them in half and we still have a big growth forecast for China based on the investment level that we're seeing and the activity that's going on there. But I don't see any change as a result of any of the recent noise in the system around trade.
Richard P. Wallace - KLA: I'll take the first part and Bren could take the second. There's really been very little commentary from customers. This is such a different deal that even in the case where the larger customers are focused on some of them have interest in both areas, they're not in the same organization so there's not much overlap. I think the one thing that our customers have said consistently is they don't want us to lose focus on what we're doing for them and we're not. Structurally, we're going to organize in such a way that we will maintain every bit as much focus as we have today supporting our existing customers. But that has been the only commentary we've heard at all is please continue to support us but there was no assumption by them, that we wouldn't. They just – when they felt compelled to voice something, that was it.
Richard P. Wallace - KLA: We don't. That's not something that we have heard about. I think that again, if you look at the nature of any of the deals that have had issues associated with that, they look nothing like this. So we don't anticipate that.
Richard P. Wallace - KLA: Yeah. Well, we haven't worked out the entire model of that. But if you're just talking about what it takes in process control intensity to support a deep UV scanner versus what it takes to support an EUV scanner, obviously an EUV scanner is more expensive. But the tools necessary from a process control standpoint to support that are more advanced or are more intense. So the resulting intensity around a scanner choice actually goes up slightly in terms of total dollars, acknowledging that the cost of an EUV scanner is higher, the process control intensity actually scale a little bit faster than the scanner cost in order to support it. And that's simply the ecosystem around the scanner. So the reticle qualifying, the wafer is qualifying, the image, the measurements that are necessary to support that. It doesn't take into account all the other things where there'd be a reduction in layers. But just from that standpoint, so we view the EUV as being a catalyst for additional growth for KLA-Tencor as it comes online.
Bren D. Higgins - KLA: Hey, Tim. Welcome back. So I don't have much more to add. I mean, to Rick's point, I mean, China, we did ship pretty significantly into DRAM project in China. We're going to ship into a NAND project this quarter so we see a lot of momentum there. I think from a metrology perspective and inspection perspective, we're seeing some solid adoption in both segments, NAND a little bit stronger than DRAM from a process control intensity perspective. So we're really, I think, excited about our positioning there, and we've got some products in the pipeline that hopefully will help drive intensity further.
Bren D. Higgins - KLA: Yeah. And I mean on the inspection side, the inspection problem is proving – it's a difficult challenge for customers and proving to be a pretty challenging engineering problem. We've got some tools out in the field, we're working with customers in evaluation phase. We'll see if that translates into a high-volume production product or not. I think the jury is still out, but we're doing a lot of work on that front. And I think that's one area. I think on the other area is a product in metrology where we've shipped a couple of probe tools into the field for in-stack metrology and so we're hopeful we'll get some traction there. I don't think these products contribute to the financial results we've been discussing or the outlook over the next six to nine months. But certainly as we move into 2019, we'll see – hopefully we'll get some traction there and we'll see those will be a bigger percent of the total.
Bren D. Higgins - KLA: So Harlan, by the end of this year, we will have either shipped or booked for dollars somewhere near 18 to 20 systems into the field across all segments, and I think that's one of the things that we're encouraged by that we are solving issues in development across all segments with the customers around discovery use cases but also EUV use cases. So most of the roadmap for that product line right now is about how do you prepare for volume production for 5 nanometer and beyond. And most of the engineering effort on that tool is to speed up throughput and work through tunable sensitivity and some of the other opportunities to make it more production viable. So the traction is good. It's demonstrating value and it's demonstrating value across all segments which we're encouraged with.
Bren D. Higgins - KLA: Hey, Harlan. This is Bren. The only thing I'll add to that is that we had talked about introducing that tool in the marketplace sometime in calendar 2019. Our views on that haven't changed. I would expect that it's more towards the end of 2019 than the first half. But our plans are moving forward and it's going to intersect the HVM at the right time. So nothing really new to add on that front since what we updated you with last quarter.
Bren D. Higgins - KLA: Yeah. I mean, to the point it's – we're performing, I think, at a pretty high level here with a lot of unique inflections that are driving our business absent the strong foundry of logic environment. And I think as we move through this year stays during memory centric, but beyond that we would expect foundry to coming a little bit stronger. To your point it's at the very low level, almost historical low level. But when you look at the comments we made earlier around China, you look at the EUV development activity, you look at the activity we see in the wafer space and then this improving process control relevance in and around the different memory segments, it's a good story for us this year and I think as we move into the future with stronger foundry environment then we'll see that kick in. And as you know, the process control intensity and foundry logic tends to be closer to 2x what it is in memory. So not every dollar of WFE is created equal when it comes to our business, and so certainly if you see a pickup in that segment so that's a significant positive for us.
Bren D. Higgins - KLA: I mean, we've looked at it, C.J. I mean, a rule of thumb is usually for about a 10-point swing in mix you end up with 70 or 80 basis point shift in intensity. So it tends to move around a little bit depending on who's buying and so on, but that's a reasonable way to think about it. So to Rick's point, certainly we start to see foundry logic as a percent of total increase, and that will be good for process control intensity. And we've seen it at closer to the 50% range and 50% to 60% – 50% foundry or so in that ballpark is when we've seen process control outperform. To Rick's point, I think as you move into an EUV environment, certainly if the process control may be scaling with litho, that certainly maybe adds a different element to the ability for process control to grow online.
Bren D. Higgins - KLA: We do in our 10-K. If I give you the backlog and the shipment, then that sort of gets you to the bookings number. But I will tell you that we were slightly below a book-to-bill of 1 this quarter.
Bren D. Higgins - KLA: So as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, there's a small window that I have this quarter or prior to – from the opening of our quiet period to the filing of the prospectus and the S-4. So it's a very small window where we will begin our activity but it'll be limited. So then we have no restrictions – so we're restricted at that point and then we have no restriction after the shareholder vote has occurred. So based on current schedules and those could move around, based on comments from the SEC and so on if you get those, but that would imply that we would begin buying back in a more significant way sometime in the second half of next quarter, of the September quarter.
Bren D. Higgins - KLA: Just on the mix from an order perspective, and there's some lead time to these orders because of the site construction. But order profile in calendar 2018 is probably closer to 50/50. So the order profile in 2017 was heavier memory, and those are the tools that are shipping. So from a shipment perspective, it's more memory-centric. But the orders, which will start – will come through and will ship into next year have a more of an equal weight to them.
Bren D. Higgins - KLA: Well, we're pretty down in foundry. So I mean, I think our profile is consistent with that. And we don't anticipate a lot of strength in foundry until we get later into the end of the year and into 2019. So all our commentary and all our forecasting agrees with your thesis that there's a point here. We are seeing increased activities, however, around advanced node and investment and that's, of course, the precursor to more investment that's coming. So we're definitely seeing it and some of the reticle business that we're seeing now is in support of that. So given historical patterns, the same path is being followed where you have the initial investment around the development followed by a ramp. The size of those ramps may be smaller than in the past, and that's part of what we anticipate and model as we talk about our business going forward.
Bren D. Higgins - KLA: And then on the regulatory front, I mean, by the end of this week we will have had all of our filings submitted which is our plan and according to schedule. There's one that will take another week or so, and that's not for any reason other than that there's a holiday in that country that's delaying the submission given the clock that exists on the review period. So everything moving according to plan.
Bren D. Higgins - KLA: Yeah, Tim. It's Bren. So our foundry shipments of the second half are higher than the first half. So I want to be clear about that and in a pretty meaningful way. I mean, I think it's getting dwarfed by the amount of the memory shipments. But when you talk about shipment profile in the range that we discussed, somewhere in the $4.2 billion to $4.3 billion range, the 60% to 70% of that will be memory, and that's how we're seeing it. But there is a pickup. But on an absolute basis, certainly foundry is weaker overall compared to the inflections in memory we're seeing.
Bren D. Higgins - KLA: Yes. So when we look at pro forma operating margins in the timeframe of, let's say, post synergy realization, 2020 pro forma, you'll end up with about, yeah, 36% or so operating income. So if we think against that level of income, we would see free cash flow margins somewhere in the – consistent with where we are today, maybe slightly below because our operating margins are a little bit higher. But the relative capital intensity of the two businesses is similar. So I think we're in and around that 30% range against that level of operating income. And obviously, it'll vary depending on where we are in terms of working capital investments and so on. But one thing that's attractive about the business is the growth but also the lower capital intensity of it. And so as we bring it together, and as we start to drive through synergies and scale these businesses and get up to these mid- to high-30% operating margins, we should be able to drive free cash flow margin somewhere in the – right around 30% plus or minus.
