Bren Higgins: Yes, Tim. So I think on your math, look, we had $65 million of shipment pull-ins into December quarter. So based on that guidance, yes, just that effect alone would move the number from $900 million to $965 million. The push-outs are pretty significant in terms of two major projects. So I would say one pushed out further than the first half of the year. The other one, we'll see. I think that there are a number of projects where timing might be in the middle of the year. So we'll have to see where it ultimately lands. But clearly, it had a effect on our view. First half now, I would expect to be down versus the second half of '18. And then we would see a recovery in the second half of '19. So down somewhere in and around 10% plus or minus is how I'm modeling it today, but we'll see how it plays out.
Bren Higgins: So Tim, I mean, we were obviously sizing the company. And as you can see our output from December in the $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion range. So the decline in the second half of the year and then that carrying forward here through the first quarter is that we're taking basically a factory that's sized to ship a much higher level and spreading those costs across a smaller revenue base. So the volume impact of that is pushing gross margins down, and that's really the only change from a quarter-to-quarter basis as you look at the different moving parts within margin. So I would expect as we start to see revenue pickup given the guidance we said of sequential revenue growth through the rest of the calendar year, we'll start to see some incremental gross margin improvement there. And based on the guidance that we were giving in terms of outperform relative to the industry based on where consensus WFE estimates likely are, we probably see gross margins somewhere in and around, I would say, 63%, plus or minus 50 basis points as I'm modeling the year. We'll have to see how some of the mix dynamics play through. But obviously, we're in a much lower revenue level today. And with the industry contracting than what we saw in calendar '18, and that will have effect on our gross margin in the near term.
Bren Higgins: Well, the domestic China is a little weaker versus the last call where we were thinking that shipments looked about flat for the indigenous projects year-to-year. As we look at that today, it's probably somewhere in the 10% to 15% lower. We'll see. Obviously, visibility in the second half is not so great at this point. But if I look at the shipment profile of what we shipped in '18, what we expect to ship in '19, it's about 10% to 15% lower, most of it around memory.
Bren Higgins: Yes. So this is Bren. So that business continues to show very strong momentum. You have to keep in mind that there are a number of things that are happening there. First of all, there was a long period of time without any investment really at all. So there's a change in the capacity requirements there that customers have been investing in. That, coupled with spec changes, have driven not just the inspection tools, but also need for the metrology tools. So we've seen that business perform very well through '18 and would expect as we look at '19 not much change from that business. So I would expect to see it carry forward. And based on communications so far with customers, I don't have any reason to change that assessment.
Bren Higgins: In some of the prepared remarks, we talked about it being reasonably balanced across the halves. So I think second half could be a little bit larger, but generally pretty reasonably balanced for both logic and foundry as you add the two segments together.
Bren Higgins: Yes, C.J., I think it is. It wasn't that big of an issue for us. But certainly, we're seeing revenue much closer to shipment as you saw from the results in the December quarter and the guidance for March. And if you look in the 10-Q filing, you see the reconciliation between 605 and 606, effectively the same results quarter-to-quarter. So there was the timing issues that played out. But at the end of the day, I think the right way to think about the business and model it given that these are really timing dynamics is pretty much the shipment number will be the revenue number with some variation related to new products. Now we do ship more new products maybe than some of the peers and so that can have an effect or certain regions where you may have to go all the way to customer acceptance. But generally, the numbers are going to be pretty close together.
Bren Higgins: Yes, Harlan, it's Bren. So thanks for the question. So yes, we did hit our target. Expectations were very consistent or results were consistent with expectations for that product. And as we move into next year, we're still seeing a steady cadence of investment here. Most of the tools are development-focused. We're introducing the second iteration of the product line that provides more, a better cost of ownership for customers, slightly better throughput and also has some new features with data analytics, computational capability, design-based capabilities and so on. So it is moving along pretty well, should be deployed. We'll start to see it crossover. I don't know exactly what the crossover percent will look like in '19. But as you start to think about 5-nanometer ramps, you'll start to see more Gen 5 deployed in production.
Richard Wallace: No real change. This is Rick. In terms of the rate of adoption, we see continued piloting in early development with an intent to ramp. And we're participating in that through some of the development work we do and also in the mask shop some of our demand has been driven by that. But no real change in the cadence of what we've seen in the past.
Richard Wallace: Yes, sure. It's pretty straightforward actually. Most of the demand early in the 7-nanometer comes out of the mask shop because that's where people are qual-ing new mask sets and driving a lot of utilization of new capability in the mask shop. And also in the development phases of trying to get those devices to work. And then it'll shift toward production and it will drive more in line kind of applications, both inspection and also some of the metrology needs as we ramp. But right now, what we're experiencing is mainly in the mask shop and the development.
Richard Wallace: No, nothing has delayed. If anything, throughout calendar '18, we saw accelerated demand in support of a larger number of starts than we would have forecast for a year ago in terms of advanced design. So far more tapeouts of advanced designs, both for EUV, but also just advanced 7-nanometer without EUV. So we're seeing the demand on both of those. We don't have an EUV-specific tool in the market. We have tools that can cover both. So we're pretty well situated to support it either way. But that's been strong and particularly in the foundry logic area.
Richard Wallace: Yes. Some of both, but for sure, the DRAM will push inspection, high-level inspection sensitivity because they're more sensitive than, say, a NAND flash would be towards advanced inspection capability for smaller defects. So definitely, DRAM is going to push it in terms of things like our Gen 5. Metrology, both of metrology more so I think the flatness and cleanliness on wafers for NAND has been a driver we've talked about in the past. So it then moves when you got a DRAM back to overlay constraint. So it really depends. Fortunately, for us, there are different problems that kind of push different parts of the portfolio depending on where they are in the cycle.
Richard Wallace: Customer interest remains high. We are now on a phase of this program where because we're engaged in developments with specific customers, we're not talking publicly about progress. But I can tell you there's a lot of interest, a lot of demand out there for capability as you've seen the increase in EUV capability and implementation. But we're not in a position right now to go through the specifics of where we're going based on the collaborations we have.
