Ed Lockwood: Thank you, Sean. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to KLA-Tencor's Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me on our call today are Rick Wallace, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Mark Dentinger, our Chief Financial Officer. We're here today to discuss third quarter results for the period ended March 31, 2011. We released these results this afternoon at 1:15 p.m. Pacific Time. If you haven't seen the release, you can find it on our website at www.kla-tencor.com or call (408) 875-3600 to request a copy. A simulcast of this call will be accessible on demand following its completion on the Investors section of our website. There, you'll also find a calendar of future investor events, presentations and conferences, as well as links to KLA-Tencor's SEC filings, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2010, and our subsequently filed 10-Q reports. In those filings, you'll find descriptions of risk factors that could impact our future results. As you know, our future results are subject to risks. Any forward-looking statements, including those we make on this call today, are subject to those risks, and KLA-Tencor cannot guarantee those forward-looking statements will come true. Our actual results may differ significantly from those projected in our forward-looking results. More information regarding factors that could cause these differences is contained in our filings we make with the SEC from time to time, including our fiscal year 2010 Form 10-K and current reports on Form 8-K. We assume no obligation and do not intend to update these forward-looking statements. However, you can be reassured that any updates we do provide will be broadly disseminated and available over the Web. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Rick.
Ed Lockwood: Okay, thank you, Mark. At this point, we'd like to open up the call to Q&A. [Operator Instructions] And so operator, we are ready for our first question.
Ed Lockwood: Okay, thank you, Sean, and we'd like to thank everyone else for joining us this afternoon. A replay of this call will be available on our website at about 5:00 Pacific Time, and it will be accessible through the end of the quarter. Once again, thank you for your continued interest in KLA-Tencor, and we look forward to speaking with you soon.
Richard Wallace: Yes, well, we finished about 27% in memory for March and that looks pretty consistent with what we're seeing for June. Logic was 15%. We think that's going to be up to about 20%. And foundry was 58%, and we see that dropping down to about 51%.
Richard Wallace: Yes, sure, CJ. I think that the reaction that our customers have had, and I've talked to many of them both semiconductor, even the fabless guys, as well as the manufacturers, is that the pause that we're seeing is largely driven by some of the uncertainty that was created by the events in Japan. And I think that, that put the brakes on what was otherwise a still tremendous demand out there. So I expect and what we're modeling is a couple of quarters of digestion of all the capacity that's been purchased, but then a resurgence. And for us because KLA-Tencor is so leveraged against the challenges of Moore's Law, we're seeing now in memory some of the early phenomena we saw in Foundry which is the need for more inspection measurement as people push on their design rules. So as I said, I think we see probably a couple of quarters and then growth returning. Customers are still talking about a lot of projects later in the year and I just think it's a momentary delay in that.
Richard Wallace: It's very hard, CJ, to forecast that far out, but the conversations we're having lead more towards the second half, the end of the second half, I think if you think around the December quarter. But historically, June is usually a pretty good quarter for us, but we see some down draft now and then it will depends a lot on general, overall consumer confidence I think will be a part of the driver. I'd say more towards the end of the calendar year than into '12.
Richard Wallace: Jim, it's hard to just call it because it's early and I think we're 6 weeks back from -- about 6 weeks from the event in Japan, and that I think for a lot of people, that got people to back off. I'd say in the last couple of weeks, things have actually strengthened a little bit in our view of June. And so at the quarter that we ended, even though we were off what we thought we were going to do in March, it's still our second-highest quarter ever. And so we're guiding flat to down 20% in anticipation there may be some room to see the order book fill up as we get towards the end of the year. But I think it takes a little while for this uncertainty to work its way through, and that's really what we're trying to factor in, in that as well.
Richard Wallace: For sure. I think the question will be what happens to the advanced starts, because right now the softness we've seen is actually not in the most advanced starts, it's in the older technologies. And so the intensity, of course, is driven by the newer stuff and there still are a lot of takeouts that aren't coming through the system. So that's a part of what we see coming down the road is a lot of advanced technology work. So for K-T, in particular for us, we think that leverages our strength as well even if there weren't as much capacity coming on line as the challenges associated with the new technology.
Richard Wallace: Yes, we are definitely seeing more strength in NAND. NAND was about 73% of the total of the memory business that we had, and we see it in the same kind of range for the June forecast. As you well know, Stephen, the DRAM is driven by PC demand where we've seen softer demand and that is not something we're modeling short term. I think there is a longer-term trend there, but right now, that's not where the, business is coming.
Richard Wallace: There's certainly a tremendous amount of energy on getting those fabs back up and running and the latest estimates report I got even as recently as yesterday, was a desired pull-in from getting the fab fully back up. And so we're seeing some opportunity there where we're in some cases, we've got some critical tool types for them that we're working very hard to get back into production and then there's some additional capacity I think that's going to be required, not just there but around the world, to balance some of the shortfall that we're seeing there. So some opportunity, we don't give it a particular dollar size. The wafer component of our business is meaningful, but I would say it's still, on a relative basis, reasonably small for the overall K-T footprint.
Richard Wallace: Yes, Satya, I think that there is no question. We benefited so far in the year and the last year from the foundry spending. When we modeled the overall year to be up still we think 10%, 10% to 15% for the overall CapEx for the year, very much dependent on how long this pause goes on. And we expect even in the June quarter, our reliance on foundries are reduced down to the 50% and obviously, we are at 72% if you go back to December. So we are seeing the other segments increased for us. I think foundry, there's a couple of factors that are having to be taken into account right now. It's not just 1 or 2, there are 4 players that are actively investing in foundry, and we're still seeing that level of investment although there has been some caution recently. So I would say if there's upside to our overall fiscal, I'm sorry, the rest of the calendar year, it would be that the foundries actually increased their investment off of what we're modeling. We're modeling that perhaps a good part, I wouldn't say 2/3 of the overall, but a good part has been committed already.
Richard Wallace: Right. Well, they're very different, those 3 in particular. I would say that we are seeing good business but on a relative basis, we're up on quarter-on-quarter and those businesses held in there in terms of that growth rate. I think that in TV, we're seeing some overall strength for us, an opportunity, but there is some hesitation recently in that market as well. High-Brightness LED has its own dynamics. There are more yield challenges. We're seeing good opportunity there. And I think the disc drive stuff has been a little bit slower and probably we won't see as much although we have some great product offerings there. So we're modeling them at 6%, I think, of the overall business and probably throughout the year, 6% to 8% is about the right way to think about those businesses for us, $200 million to $250 million. And I think over time they will grow, but the growth is not going to be linear.
Richard Wallace: Well, we're very early days on that. So I think although I know you're a long-term guy, that's more like the 2015, 2016 timeframe for us. So that's quite a ways out there. But we have an exciting technology and a lot of customer interest, but we're not going to see the impact of that to our revenue picture for several years.
Richard Wallace: Yes, Tim, I think, good question. The first one on litho, we're relatively agnostic. I think that the challenge with the EUV, there's plenty of challenges that's already driving business for us in the Reticle Inspection even for expecting blanks as well as inspecting the early layers. Double patterning pushes very hard on some of our metrology capabilities, specifically overlay. I think the other trend that's out there frankly is if EUV continues to get pushed, there will be more and more interest in going to 450 as a way to reduce cost. And I would say that I'm far more of the belief that that's going to happen in the last 6 months than I was in the last year before that. I just think there's going to be a desire for productivity which is good for K-T but in a different timeframe. So as it goes forward, we're definitely getting business out of the EUV investment that's going on, but we are benefiting from double patterning. So I don't think it really swings too much on us either way. In terms of pushouts, we've seen the same impact others have seen. I don't think it's limited to 1 or 2 customers. I think there is a broader sense out there of a pause and I think that's a part of what we're seeing as a general pause in the market as people try to assess the impact. A lot of it's second order. I don't think that they're necessarily seeing it on their own. They're just trying to wait and see what happens. Our estimate is we're about 6 weeks through since the initial events in Japan. I'd say in the next 6 weeks, we'll get a lot more clarity as we get later towards the end of the June quarter.
Richard Wallace: Well, Mahesh, we said flat to down 20%. And obviously, the midpoint of that is down 10%. I think it's hard to say. I mean, right now we're certainly looking at, caution I'd say across the board is what's going on but still, with a level of investment. I think that certainly some of the backing off that we've seen in some of our customers are both in memory and in foundry. So it would just have to be who happens to come up. The other thing is that you know based on our product mix and portfolio, we do have some high-dollar products, that all you have to see is one or two of those come in and that would move us up in the average. So I wouldn't say it's specific to any particular segment. I think it's more a general and I think it could be from a number of places. But we monitor on a weekly basis, what the order book looks like and there's puts and takes every week.
Richard Wallace: It's not, I'd say, it's uncorrelated. It may occasionally look, if you mapped it out, that it's based upon some kind of correlation. But I think there are a couple of driving factors. One has to do with advanced design starts. When those increase and people reach a capacity point where they need an incremental number of tools, you'll see big movement. These are high-dollar, low-number of tools. So incremental movement is a big, big shift. The other thing I think that happens is along the same lines when there's technology transitions, the EUV, for example, you'll see initial investment associated with being able to handle that transition. So we kind of get it in both, but it's more related to what's going on in the design front and to some degree capacity of advanced masks. And when that happens, then we see trigger. The other thing that happens is when we introduce new capability, we typically create demand for that and you'll see that we get a large number of orders and that will actually work its way through in revenue, which is part of where our strength in our backlog is and why we're at $1.4 billion backlog, is some of those reticle tools that came out last year have booked but we're still working on deliveries of them.
