Richard Wallace: It's Rick. Yes, there are certainly challenges associated with the new technologies, no question. And we are, as we have in the past, we're seeing that. And it does impact some of the business that we're winning in the foundries. I do think it has a long term or positive momentum for us. But short term, I think we are in a softening environment and that's part of the challenge in the industry. But there's no question, it's new materials. Just the reduced marginality and the process window associated with 28 and 20 nanometers creates opportunities for us. And also in -- and generally, and the overlay constraints are creating opportunities, too. So all those are going to be good for us as people try to roll this technology out in the broader production.
Richard Wallace: Yes, sure. We -- obviously we're not guiding for Q4, but our current view is that the September quarter is going to be pretty significantly down as we guided from bookings perspective, and we do anticipate things to improve after that. But there's just not a lot of visibility out there. So it's very hard to call it this early and especially in a market that's as dynamic as this. But we do see a lot of projects on the books. We see a lot of interest from customers. I think that, generally, if customers execute on their plans that they've communicated with us, then December should be a recovery from the September quarter.
Richard Wallace: Well, we're seeing certainly some softening in foundry in the recent past. And I -- when we have conversations with them, I think some of that is digestion of some of the capacity they brought online, some challenges they're facing and getting their processors where they want them before they ramp. So, I'd say, probably more predominately foundry than the other segments. Logic continues to be pretty strong. Memory is kind of a different factor, more associated, I think, in the DRAM case, with concerns about PC. And flash, I think, there is just some general conservatism. But you have to look kind of customer-by-customer. But I'd say mostly softening in foundry right now, and there should be some recovery as we go forward after the September quarter.
Richard Wallace: That's kind of ahead, but I think it's early to call whether we really see down 25% in September or not or -- and if we see the bounce back after that.
Richard Wallace: When I talk to customers -- and we have a lot of conversations the last couple of weeks, I'd say more difficult, more challenging. And 40 was interesting because as you know, a lot of people are going to do 45 and then they move to 40, and they were surprised by how difficult the yield was. And that was the catalyst for a lot of business for us. But if you look at 28, it's actually harder. Now they're a little more aware of the challenges, but we're getting pushed very hard to bring out our latest capability and technology to get it in line because I think our customers are pretty aware that they're missing critical defects in areas that are going to cause problems for them. And there's also a metrology challenges. So I think more difficult and a lot of interest in technology buys. And obviously, if we did have a prolonged softening, I think the technology position for K-T plays pretty well into that space because of the yield challenges they're seeing. No question.
Richard Wallace: Yes. Sure, C.J. Great question. I think that -- there is no question, we're seeing a -- maybe a consolidation in terms of the spending that was made in foundry and people are dealing with the digestion, which means for the next 4 quarters, our view is foundry intensity versus the last 4 is going to be lower, even though we think it's probably lowest in the next quarter and then we see some improvement as we go out. We do have some additional kickers which help us in memory, and they're not perhaps as obvious as you might think because we also have some market share wins in areas recently in memory, things like OCD, which I think helped provide additional catalyst. We've got areas like overlay, where we're strong. And so you have to kind of look broadly across the portfolio to see the opportunities for us. But there's no question that the softening right now in the current market environment, our foundry is a little bit softer. And we're working hard in the NAND and we're seeing some wins there. But overall, I think that if you consider that we probably outran the industry -- we're talking about industry growth in 2010 of maybe 5% CapEx and we are probably 20%, I wouldn't expect a 15% delta from overall industry. But I could envision us outgrowing the industry in a 5% kind of target range. But I think it will be hard to get that 15% without the foundry intensity where it was. That said, the foundries, as we talked before on the 28-nanometer yield, we think that the adoption in those is going to continue to be strong as a percent of overall CapEx based on their needs. But it's not. I agree, the intensity level -- it's just hard to make the math work if you have a soft Q1 with a slightly recovering Q2 for us.
Richard Wallace: Well, I actually can answer the second question easier than the prior, and that is the backlog builds obviously when the order rate exceeds the revenue rate. So we're -- if we could sort of forward -- fast forward into the second half of this year and the first half of our fiscal, if we were to build orders in the December quarter, that would start to get -- that may get close. It sort of depends on how far down Q3 is. But we actually ate into the backlog a little bit this quarter. We needed to do that a little bit just because we had built so much we needed to ship it out. And it continues to profile out, but most of the backlog should ship out over the next 6 to 9 months. If we were in a prolonged down, we will eat into it pretty considerably. But if it's just a temporary lull in the demand, there's a good chance we'll be dealing with a sizable amount of backlog in the next year.
Richard Wallace: Yes. We don't disclose that. We do disclose the components in terms of how much of it has been shipped and hasn't shipped, which I did on my prepared remarks. About 70% of it that hasn't shipped yet, but about 30% has.
Richard Wallace: Yes. So we're forecasting for September foundry about 50%. We will see -- and this is all of the semi, probably 30%-ish in logic, and probably 20% in memory. But outside of that, our non-core semi grows to about 7%. And if you'd back up and think about service, which is neither of those 2, service bumps up to a larger number, like in the 27% range in the overall order book based on the way we're modeling it right now.
Richard Wallace: I was probably thinking about that as we come off a record shipping quarter. We got a lot of capacity available to us in the system. So I don't see that being an issue relative -- in fact, we're still chasing and we're late on deliveries still today. So where -- manufacturing still running pretty full out to satisfy -- remember all the backlogs that we've got, as Marc said, 70% of that backlog is not shipped. So actually, a slight slowdown in demand wouldn't be the worst thing in terms of our ability to respond quickly to customer needs. And our problem has been kind of the other.
Richard Wallace: Yes, it is. I think that we're in an interesting position because of our -- benefit that we get from the increasing overlay requirements and all the lithography associated, metrology requirements, if you go into additional patterning steps that creates opportunities for us there. There is also even opportunities in registration measurement of radicals. So we have businesses that would benefit from that trend. And we're already seeing -- I think there's a bifurcation, by the way, where EUV, based on its current trajectory, gets used for some layers, and say DRAM first. But there's still additional exotic lithography technologies that are going to push our ability in metrology businesses, in particular. So we are seeing benefit from that. I think that continues. EUV, eventually though, I think the industry does need it to drive -- continue driving down Moore's law. But our expectation is the roadmap is somewhat delayed on the EUV right now, and we do see benefit in the metrology space as a result.
Richard Wallace: Yes. I don't have a specific on a DRAM customer, maybe they just lost some competitive orders. I think that the -- I think that what we're really seeing is a clear sense of softness in the September quarter and then a lot of speculation about what might happen in December based on discussions. And so I share the view of the some of the other peer companies that the visibility is pretty miserable when you get out into the December. So we're basing it on plans that people had in place and discussions. But I don't think we're going to really know a lot about December until we get through, frankly until early September is my expectation because I think there's just enough uncertainty out there right now. But, yes. I mean, when we model it -- and our view is, remember, modeling bookings for us is that different level of scrutiny needs to go into that because of the backlog that we have and for people that are book shipped, it's a different game. And we're able to run revenues significantly above bookings based on the backlog that we've got. And so we do some back-of-the-envelope calculations. But I think if you overly analyze and try to estimate exactly what's going to happen in December, you'd spend a lot of effort on something that's very hard to forecast at this point.
Richard Wallace: Yes. And we have several scenarios for that. But what's interesting is the soft part of the foundry utilization is not in the capitally intensive part of foundries, which is -- it's the 65-nanometer and plus is where the utilization has softened, and that's not where the business is for us. The question then is, does it slow the adoption of the tape-outs that are being done and have been done at 28? And right now the number of tape-outs is still significantly larger at this point in the cycle for 28 than it was for 40 or 45 at the same point in their relative history. So I think it has to do with the confidence of the customers of the foundries to go ahead and place big orders for that. And I think that there's a little bit of waiting time in that to see. So we have different scenarios. And you're right, you have to model that into your assumptions. But in the end, it -- you could try to be as precise as you want, but these things swing in big ways.
Richard Wallace: Well, I think in the sense that they recovered and it's fairly back up and operational, really remarkable recovery there. And our team was part of that. I think that, that has stabilized the uncertainty around supply, which has been very important for the rest of the supply chain. But in terms of the overall wafer, as you know, the wafer guys are going to be driven by starts. And I do think they've had a signal to back off a little bit as people figure out exactly where their capacity orders and levels are going to be. So I think there's a little bit of softness in that. Were benefiting in the wafer because we've introduced new products and new technologies. We talked about the SP3 at SEMICON West as a great example of a product that will sell into a market even if it's not expanding because of the technological capability and the push that our wafer customers are getting from their customers to make sure that they meet the levels of these activities that they can really only ensure with the new product. So I think we've got some -- in addition to the traditional capacity sales in the wafer market, I think we have some technology sales to go along with that. So we feel pretty good about our position there.
Richard Wallace: Sure. I think the -- so, really, 3 places there. We have back-end packaging, which I think has been pretty solid. We've got a great position in that, and we see continued activity there. We have the solar market, where we have a strong position, but a -- I think a pause there also as people are digesting capacity on the solar. But the High Brightness LED, we've got a really strong position there, very strong product offering from our Candela division that does close monitoring of the epi wafers, which turns out to be very important for yield performance. And that's really been a very successful product for us. And I think we're participating well in the High Brightness LED as a result of that.
Richard Wallace: Sure, Thomas. As you know, we don't talk about specific customers. But just to give you a view of foundry, maybe generically, our view is that this is a pause period, perhaps a slowdown as people consolidate, as I said, and they've got a lot of capacity on line. I think it's getting that feeling on some of the yield challenges. But then on to the next technology nodes, which means when we forecast out for the next several quarters, we see the September quarter being softer, but then reason for encouragement beyond that based on factors such as foundry recovering. I got asked a question earlier today talking about overall for the next 4 quarters, do you see foundry intensity being as high? And we don't want aggregate it, but if you ask me a year from now do I think foundries are going to be investing heavily? I think if you believe that we're in a long-term positive cycle then, of course you'd see the foundries come back after what would be a very reasonable kind of adjustment after a prolonged long period of investment. So, yes, we would see that phenomenon occurring across the foundry space.
