Rick Wallace: I'll give you some thoughts and then let Bren weigh in. Right now we don’t see, as we said, we don’t see a lot of momentum in DRAM. I think what we've got now is some strengthening I think we think in the foundry and logic as we said, but not a lot other than technology migration and not a lot of capacity. So if you think about when the recovery might come for NAND probably first half of 2020 and DRAM what our customers are saying now is more mid 2020 timeframe before we would see any meaningful change.
Rick Wallace: Sure, John. I think a couple of things, one we mentioned the strength in Gen 5 and a lot of that is driven, of course logic is going to drive that harder than we're seeing that transition from Gen 4 to Gen 5 in terms of the bulk of our system. So the design will shrink. We're going to drive smaller deep activity requirements driving toward the Gen 5. The other thing that's happening is overlay is a big driver for us in terms of the additional pressure put on our customers as they drive advanced design rolls. Eventually we're seeing that in a couple of ways. One, we're seeing it in our shop with the number of starts, pre-EUV but also the anticipated large number of EUV, but also the print down checks, because I think what's really going to happen for a while as people are going to want to verify the designs, so another use for Gen 5. So overall, we think there is going to be an increase in process control intensity as we introduce EUV I think that that's more in the development phase. Longer term I think it levels out a bit as we get into high volume production later. But right now definitely the mix is favorable to us in terms of what we're seeing. We also mentioned increased competition in foundry and that's also been a driver I think to the mixed shift overall.
Rick Wallace: I think just to build on one aspect of it, I think the fact that we have extended the Teron platform to be able to handle these EUV layers, yes we benefit whether or not depending on the number of EUV layers, we still benefit because we've got an optical platform that can handle either the mask for EUV or for traditional lithography. So I think that's a part of why we're benefiting more depending on the starts and just the intensity of the advanced nodes, not necessarily just on the EUV because it's still not clear how many layers and at what nodes they are going to be adopted, but we're seeing strength in reticle regardless of which way that goes.
Rick Wallace: Yes. But just to put it in perspective Harlan, we're still within a few percentage of what we had originally modeled in terms of profitability and contribution to KLA for the business. So it still looks good. As Bren said, some kind of shifting dynamics, so not really that different from what we thought earlier in the year.
Rick Wallace: We have definitely seen some puts and takes in China to the point, but we're seeing what others are seeing, where so maybe increased urgency in terms of the second half to get those projects fully up and as you know, there's just a lot of noise in the system. In terms of what effects might come in. The only substantial thing we've seen is a very small part of our business as Bren mentioned, but overall, pretty much where we thought in terms of the second half having some strength in it.
Rick Wallace: Yes, so let me take the first part and then give it to Bren. So we're not going to call it legacy. It's a process control business now that we have other businesses and the trajectory is good. We're going to get into more discussion of the outlook at our Analyst Day next month, but definitely, we feel like things are coming our way in terms of the right kind of market momentum, the advanced design rule work that's going on. In addition, some of the competitive dynamics, we talked about Gen 5 strengthening and some new projects, new products hitting the market. So we feel very good about overall position and Bren can talk in broader terms.
Rick Wallace: Well, I think what we said all along is we think there is a complementary role for optical and e-beam and this continues that. I think that what we have in our latest technology is a very capable e-beam tool that when our customers utilize with our advanced optical they really get the best of both in terms of capabilities for the market. But I don't think there will ever be a day where there is not a complementary e-beam solution with optical. Optical keeps getting better, e-beam has to get better too, but I think the general mix between e-beam and optical will remain about the same in terms of the way customers spend their dollars. But we're very excited about what we've seen in the market and we think the synergy of having our optical tool, coupled with our e-beam is really great for our customers trying to solve some of their very challenging problems.
Rick Wallace: Yes. So, this is Rick. I'll talk more sentiment than actual numbers in terms of 2020 because we really don't know, but you can always to higher customer is behaving and what the mood is in the market. And right now we're actually in a situation where we see a lot of energy around our customers pushing for new capability, pushing for getting their advanced designs out, you see a lot of tape-outs, the mask business has been good, so definitely feel strong. The other thing and not to be missed, what Bren mentioned is, we don't see a lot of reuse happening because of some of the challenges of the new technologies. So that was something that we were trying to really map out and see what it was going to look like and the combination of new capability on our side, new challenges on our customer side, make us feel like it looks very strong in terms of the momentum. How long into '20, we don't really have great visibility into that. It's just now we have a case where you've got multiple players really concerned about bringing out new technology and ramping new devices, and at the same time we're hitting with some products that are new to the market and very exciting for us.
Rick Wallace: Yes, sure. It was pretty resilient. I think that as Bren mentioned, there was a little bit of softening we saw, but overall, we still see healthy growth rate. It was a little bit under what's been modeled for the long term, but we actually think we'll catch back up with that long-term modeling for a lot of reasons. I mean, I think that the utilization on some of the fabs has obviously been decreased, but there the service base is so large now and there's a lot of value in keeping those tools up and running. So we feel pretty good about it. Still, and I think the slowest quarter was still in load upper single digits, so pretty good about 8%.
Rick Wallace: The industrial feedback and we're still, we're out in a number of sites and we're getting feedback and we're doing demos, feedback is good. We're not ready to start modeling it into the numbers yet, because it does take a while to get the adoption of these platforms going, but we feel pretty good about the technical capability and the production worthiness. It does as I say, take a little while for customers to adopt enough to contribute meaningfully when we're at a $5 billion run rate.
Rick Wallace: I don't think it's as much about, - I think what happens is, there is uncertainty may be about their own plans and their ability to procure tools. So that may be pushed it out and then when they realized they could do it, pulled it back in. I don't want to speak for them, but I think it's more that the projects getting solidified. And I think 90 days ago maybe that was more on par is to see if they can even get the tool sets. So that's kind of where we are. It's not so much about end demand. I don't think as them staying on some of their plans. And by the way, there are a lot more programs there that we already derated. If you go back a couple of years ago and had listened to what customers have said, we're getting closer and closer to what we anticipated for 2019 and a going run rate for 2020.
Rick Wallace: Yes, it's still not yet. I think we do expect that to see that and the current expectation is, as you say it's probably next year, probably the third guys to do that.
Rick Wallace: We don't, right. It's too early for us right now to see 2020 picking up. I do think we had some marginal improvement, off of a bottom, but I would say that it's probably later than that. And to your point, we are actively working some of the synergy programs there.
Rick Wallace: We haven't thought about it in those terms. I probably half and half, though, I mean if I thought about it. It's broad use in development. I think what happens in especially since we make improvements to it and drive the productivity of the tool up, then it starts to be competitive in terms of cost of ownership with some applications for Gen 4. But a lot of this, as you might imagine, the discovery aspect of a new product is, you're not really sure what it's going to find and what value, it's going to create. So now what we're seeing is significant value as you say, even in some maybe more traditional places and frankly what we originally expected was, in some places people might have tried to deploy e-beam inspection, they get away from that by leveraging the much higher throughput of the optical platform. So we kind of see it broadening and feel very good. It took a little while, but we feel very good about the progress there.
Rick Wallace: So, just one last dynamic, I think you may know that what a lot of customers do is, it takes them a while to prove out the capability of the tool before they release it even internally for broad years. And so what we've seen in the last couple of quarters as we've kind of broken through at some critical places where they have broader ability now to deploy outside of the first people who were just evaluating it. So that really opens up a number of use cases and hence the significant progress in Gen 5.
Rick Wallace: Thank you. Harlan. That's all the time we have for today's call. Jerome, if you would conclude the call with the final commentary.
Bren Higgins: Yes, John, I would say that I'd characterize the market as what we're most is seeing the technology migration investment only and one thing about KLA is since we do help our customers navigate their roadmap transitions we are seeing some level of business from some of these customers. There is also some activity in China. We saw some last quarter shift influenced our shipments and we expect to see some more in the second half of the year. But to Rick's point, I think as we look at the overall market I wouldn’t expect to see any meaningful capacity as until we get into 2020. And given that customers have been disciplined and pushing out capacity they have been idling capacity. How quickly that comes back is a little early to tell from this point. You mentioned bare wafer, on the bare wafer side we see our business at bare wafer being roughly flat into the second half of 2019. Now 2019 overall for that business is lower than it was in 2018. We had a huge inflection in 2018. We've seen it come off a bit in 2019, it probably comes off a little bit in 2020. I think we're operating that at a more sustainable or higher level for that business moving forward given the dynamics around memory, around specifications both for inspection, but also from metrology. So, and the numbers that we provided in the commentary I think that's been part of our view in terms of expectations moving forward. So I wouldn’t say that much has changed there and that's certainly we've been pretty open about.
Bren Higgins: Yes Harlan, it's Bren and I'll go first here, but if you look at the reticle inspection business couple of things are driving it. First, significant tape-out in the foundry at 7 nanometer and so that's driving significant purchasing of the product. You have to remember that reticle inspection in a mash up behaved somewhat to process, when you are inspecting every reticle before you ship it to the fab. So it has some unique dynamics in terms of how customers buy relative to the design starts and they move together. That's one dynamic and that's driving the business. The other obviously is the EUV development activity that's also driving the Teron system. So you have both effects, but frankly the biggest driver today is more around the design start at 7 and it is driving that business to have nice solid growth in the year obviously where WFE is down. So we're seeing growth in that and as Rick said in his prepared remarks, we would expect that to continue into 2020. Timing of the EUV deployment and how we see that plays out next year, it will potential influence some of the upgrades to the existing install base out there, but there is some sustainability in the business and we're seeing a nice recovery in it. And then we'll see that next generation products as they come out as we move into the second half of next year to support EUV directly. So there's a lot of exciting things happening in that space and we're seeing the numbers flow through in terms of P&L impact.
Bren Higgins: Yes, so growth expectations for specialty semi have come down a bit for this year directly related to the Huawei effect. The indirect effect, but you do have customers in the RF space that have market share with Huawei phones and so they've more cautious and in some of their plans for capacity and that's impacted that business. So that business is still going to grow year-over-year, but probably not to the degree that that we expected 90 days ago before the ban came out. I would say PCB and flat panel, are in line with our expectations, PCB flattish, flat panels down this year, but most of the growth for the business is going to come from specialty semi. So there's still some growth there year-to-year, but but a little bit less given the Huawei effect.
Bren Higgins: Yes, I think the DRAM project, I mean it's interesting at that start beginning of the year, we thought it was completely out and wow it looks like we'll see it ship in the second half of the year. We're seeing to Rick's point some puts and takes related to some of the wafer plants in China. So overall I would say our expectations for China business this year versus where we thought are probably on the margin, slightly higher than where we were before, but not a lot of change there overall.
Bren Higgins: Yes, so Tim, I think in the immediate quarter and you'll see some adjustments to plan meet the quarter, the impact was between $20 million and 25 million and certainly some of the strength in other parts of our business helped us achieve our results for the quarter. That number probably goes up to the $35 million-ish plus or minus as we move into the second half of the year in terms of our expectations. In total, so probably somewhere around $35 million to $40 million impact on calendar 2019. In the long run, it's interesting as those, as other providers that are non-U.S. providers start to ramp their capacity that creates an opportunity for the specialty semiconductor business there. So in the long run, and they are in an inferior position, so in the long run there potentially a big opportunity out there in terms of how the designing around the supply chain works. But in terms of the current year, the impact is probably somewhere between $35 million and $40 million in total.
Bren Higgins: Yes, I think we feel pretty good about logic, foundry and sustainability of spend levels into 2020. So I think if you look across those end markets and you look at the activity there. We would expect to see continued investment. We talked about competitive dynamics, the strength of the 7 nanometer node out there is also limiting how much reuse customers can do, and so that's certainly having an effect as well. You'll see automotive and industrial hopefully start to come back next year and so as you think about the broader demand across all of logic, foundry, I think there are a number of drivers that give us some confidence moving into next year about those segments.
Bren Higgins: Yes, CJ, so in process control for those process control customers we believe we have a long-term trajectory somewhere in that 9% to 10% CAGR opportunity over time. We're adding tools to the installed base at a much faster rate than they're coming off, so that creates opportunities for us. 75% of that revenue stream is contract based because of customers desire to keep those tools up and how they buy process control also just a general complexity of what we sell. So that's good for that business. We've seen it slow a little bit in the near term related to just some of the idling of capacity that's well understood in the market. But over the long run we've seen it grow at that rate and we expect it to continue to grow like at that rate over time. The PCB business for Orbotech it has a strong service profile, say 95% of the tools are under contract, so of the PCB revenue we reported about 40% of it is service stream. So because of the imaging technology and the need for that tool as enabling for circuit boards, that's a positive trend for that business. I think on the flat panel side, there is very little service activity in terms of some consumable parts that are attractive, but there is some opportunity there for us certainly. And on specialty semiconductors, as we think about how we try to leverage our position in working with customers to offer better solutions over time there might be an opportunity for us to help customers that way on the specialty side. Smaller companies always have a harder time with service just the broader footprint. So maybe what we end up doing is enabling a better cost position for both flat panel and for specialty semi, but a lot of opportunity for us moving forward I think in terms of driving that straightforward for the company.
Bren Higgins: Well, as I said last quarter, I thought there were some unique effects affecting the June quarter from an overall mix perspective in our semi-process control business. Not all our products carry the same margin and under 606 it's whatever you ship is ultimately what you revenue. So some of that was a bit dilutive to our margins, drove the margins down to the almost just short of 59%. Moving forward, obviously we have some growth in revenue and that's helpful. We're seeing a reversion sort of back to a normalized mix on the process control side and I'm expecting to see stronger and higher utilization rates out of the service business in some higher margins in the service overall. So all those are driving us into the 60% to 61% range and I would expect to see that as we move into next quarter as well. So a normalizing effect that I telegraphed last quarter off of the June number, and it seems like that's where we expect to see the overall as we move into the next six months or so.
Bren Higgins: Yes. Back in the worst downturn we've ever had, I mean it's always held up pretty well. Right? And it's, I think the other thing about that business for us is it's bigger now right? And it's growing faster than the systems business. So bigger is the percent of the total, so a solid anchor with we believe an earnings stream that's accretive to the overall. So, I think the dynamics are intact. It goes to the points earlier about how customers buy service that they need the tools up, they need matching performance, there's general complexity that's hard to deal with and for all those reasons, they tend to rely on us and want a contract stream to ensure the uptime of those products and even in difficult environments they still tend to run the tools and there is a certain amount of business that is there for us.
Bren Higgins: Yes, you know, Joe, it's something we've been talking about. I mean, anytime, and it really goes back to how we introduced products at KLA. Typically when we're bringing products out into the market our focus is on use case validation and driving applications and adoption. And so, we usually come out with a product, we're trying to prove it out, and the margins typically are a little bit lower than what I would say the mature iteration of the previous platform. Then the engineering team starts to design for cost, we start to look at ways to second source. And as we introduce new subsequent iterations to the product that the margin profile improves. So, any time we have a new one come out, it is a little bit lower and then over time it catches back up. So it did have an effect on the margin profile as I mentioned in the prior quarters and I think we'll see that play out as we move over the rest of this year and into next year. With a big portfolio like we have, we tend to see some products where there are different stages of that maturity cycle, so they tend to offset each other. But, generally, part of what we do at KLA is ensure the value of what we deliver to customers in terms of how we price and discipline around that. So we ensure that what we are able to deliver product-by-product is pretty consistent and usually over time, we're able to drive more and more value out of it and I would say that we're not any different today with the latest round of products.
Bren Higgins: Yes, I would say the portfolio approach that we have these products fit with the portfolio. You've got common capabilities across the tools, common algorithms, common other options and that help drive out - incremental performance out of the inspectors. So with the review or even baseline ground truth reference tools it helps sort of enable the broader franchise. So that's the approach we've taken at KLA, it matters more than ever today with the challenges in the production process, the size of the defects, the noise that happens on the wafer. So across all of that, having those capabilities that independently are tough to sometimes markets aren't always all that big, but collectively across the portfolio, create a lot of value for our customers.
Bren Higgins: Yes, I think that, and I'll go first here. I mean, we are seeing a little bit stronger adoption level and to the point earlier, you're seeing less migration of other tools from previous nodes, and so that's driving a certain amount of activity. I would expect it will probably be somewhere between 80 and 90 k wafer starts and for 5 nanometers get into that sort of through the first part of 2020 or maybe that's towards the end of 2020. So I would say that because of some of those other dynamics related to 7 we're seeing perhaps more activity for us on the 5 nanometer node.
Bren Higgins: Well, like I said, I mean there some puts and takes in the overall level of business in China. I think it's slightly better than what we thought before, but there is some rationalization of wafer capacity that's happening likely as well. So, while you do have some strength around this because DRAM project, you do have some other moving parts. I think the way to think about this business is more about proving out technology roadmaps and then moving on to the next node. So there is some amount of capacity that gets added, but then there is a lot of effort to progress down the technology roadmap, and because of that we're seeing more engagement than you otherwise might, because yes yields are slightly improving on the trailing node that they happen to move to the next node, then they are challenged again and need to upgrade certain parts of the tool set. So that's driving a more continuous level of business, not just with this customer, but with other customers. And you might see when you're at some node and then go ramp it to significant volume production as and you'd see in one of the leading-edge memory fabs. It's a little different behavior smaller fabs and more of a focus on trying to move down the technology curve than then just ramping a lot of capacity.
Bren Higgins: I think the customers are seeing more and more demand, more and more activity at these other nodes to that that's driving more yield challenges, and so now the tool is faster and so the debugging challenges they're having at even at prior nodes now using the Gen 5 capability to Rick's point, you have a whole bunch -- whole lot of headroom add that enable customers to use that tool for full wafer coverage type yield analysis that didn't exist without the Gen 5 product line out there. So, given the demand there, and how much activity is happening across new designs at those nodes, you're seeing more debugging that's happening there as well.
