Ed Lockwood: Thank you, Connor. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our conference call. Joining me on our call today are Rick Wallace, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Bren Higgins, our Chief Financial Officer. We're here to discuss fourth quarter results for the period ended June 30, 2015. We released these results this afternoon at 1:15 P.M. Pacific Time. If you haven't seen the release, you can find it on our website at www.kla-tencor.com or call 408-875-3000 to request a copy. A simulcast of this call will be accessible on demand following its completion on the Investor Relations section of our website. This quarter we prepared a brief slide presentation to supplement our earnings call including a reconciliation of our GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. These slides can be found on KLA-Tencor's Investor Relations website. There you'll also find a calendar of future investor events, presentations, and conferences as well as links to KLA-Tencor's SEC filings including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2014, and our subsequently filed 10-Q reports. In those filings, you'll find descriptions of risk factors that could impact our future results. As you know, our future results are subject to risks. Any forward-looking statements including those that we make on the call today are subject to those risks and KLA-Tencor cannot guarantee those forward-looking statements will come true. Our actual results may differ significantly from those projected in our forward-looking statements. With that, I'll turn the call over to Rick.
Ed Lockwood: Okay. Thank you, Bren. At this point, we'd like to open up the call to questions. We do once again request that you limit yourself to one question and one follow up, given the limited time we have for today's call. Please feel free to re-queue for your follow up questions and we'll do our best to give everyone a chance for follow-ups in today's call as time permit. So, Connor, we're ready for the first question.
Ed Lockwood: Thank you, Connor. On behalf of the management team, I'd like to thank everyone for joining us here today. An audio replay of today's call will be available on our website later this afternoon. And again, we appreciate your interest in KLA-Tencor. Thank you.
Richard P. Wallace: Thanks, Ed. Thank you all for joining us for our call today. I'll focus my commentary on summary highlights of the quarter and our view of the demand environment in the second half of calendar year 2015, and provide guidance for the September quarter. Then Bren will follow with a more detailed review of the Q4 financials. KLA-Tencor executed well in Q4, delivering bookings and revenue just above the midpoint of guidance and non-GAAP earnings per share at the upper end of the guided range, reflecting our market leadership, strong gross margin performance, and focused cost discipline. New orders for June were in line with our expectations at $672 million, driven by stronger than expected demand from memory customers focused on 3D NAND capacity expansion which was offset by weaker logic and foundry orders in the quarter. Looking ahead to the overall industry demand environment for the second half of calendar 2015, memory investments focused primarily on 3D NAND capacity additions and is expected to increase and broaden out among the market leaders in the second half of the year. Capacity investment in DRAM is expected to moderate in the second half of the year, with customers focused on technology conversions and process migration. In foundry and logic, investment in the second half of the year is expected to be focused on FinFET capacity additions by the market leaders as well as incremental new capacity expansion for 28-nanometer foundry. However, uncertainty over the timing and magnitude of leading-edge capacity ramps for two major foundries continues to create headwinds for foundry CapEx and the remainder of calendar year 2015. With the recently announced reduction in logic CapEx budget for 2015, leading-edge logic investment is seen to remain at low level for the rest of the year. Our current expectation is for KLA-Tencor to begin shipping process control equipment for 10-nanometer development in the first half of calendar year 2016. For KLA-Tencor, our mission is to help our customers navigate the ever-changing landscape of increasing device complexity and yield challenges that accompany each major node transition. The focus of our strategy is on a long-term revenue growth objective of 5% to 7% per year, driven by leading technologies and differentiated solutions, and fueled by a high level of R&D investment in one of the industry's leading business models. At SEMICON West this year, we discussed some of the structural changes we have implemented in our global organization to streamline our go-to-market strategies, and focus product development efforts on the best opportunities in pursuit of these strategies. We expect these actions to begin to produce results over the next few quarters. And we plan to receive initial orders for our latest generation flagship optical inspection platform and see the benefit of our recent OpEx reductions reflected in our earnings in the second half of fiscal year 2016. Turning now to our outlook for the first quarter of fiscal year 2016. We expect September quarter bookings to be in the range of $450 million to $650 million. Guidance for revenue in the September quarter is in the range of $595 million to $655 million and non-GAAP earnings per share is projected to be in the range of $0.46 to $0.66 in the quarter. With our current backlog and the anticipated order profile for the second half of the year, we expect bookings shipment and revenue growth to resume in the fourth quarter of calendar year 2015. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Bren Higgins for his review of the numbers.
Richard P. Wallace: I think there's definitely benefit in working closely with process equipment providers in terms of helping create products and processes and solutions that support some of the challenges customers face. But it's actually a pretty broad spectrum. I think that, as a company, we actually do partner with a number of players both in etch and dep, and have found ways to create value. I think that's very different than putting two companies together and so we still don't see the value or the strategic – the way you get the investment back if you were to pursue that path. So the M&A front hasn't changed but definitely there is interest in people using metrology and inspection to leverage their process equipment. And to your point, this is a very soft spot for us given the foundry and logic exposure we have and the fact that there's just not a lot of investment going on with those customers right now. We do anticipate that that will come back when we get into the 10-nanometer ramp which we think happens in calendar 2016 but certainly right now it's a soft spot for us.
Richard P. Wallace: And, Krish, as you know, with a new product it's often the case that that is shipped and it's under contingency provision that when it achieves the milestones that you both recognize the revenue and the bookings. So less likely to see the bookings in the first half of the fiscal year because of that.
Richard P. Wallace: Yeah, just to add a little color. The one thing we have seen is more starts in our work with the mask shops, we've seen more 10-nanometer designs than we might have thought at this time. And it does appear to be true that the fabless guys view 10-nanometer, kind of to Bren's point, because it's more of a shrink, it's actually being more of a real node and more advantageous to go to. And I think that that was part of what happened to 20-nanometer and 16-nanometer. So we see that. The negative of course is people have not yet really determined how difficult it's going be in terms of the ability to get yield and the impact that will have on all the cost per wafer. So I think you might see cost per transistor come down if people can figure out the yield challenges. But the negative to that is we saw an earlier player push it out and partly due to some of those challenges. So we think there's going to be interest in getting designs going and hence a bigger node but the timing is harder to predict. And we know there's been push lately.
Richard P. Wallace: Yeah, part of what's happening of course, as you know is some of the fabs being extended longer that aren't at the leading edge. So if you look at the contribution that the service business from the very leading-edge and even some places where the utilization is slightly lower, it's actually to Bren's point, it responds slower. So we're seeing pretty good signs out of our service and our interactions with customers. Plus, we've identified a number of places where we can do upgrades and give more productivity to those customers to give us some upward pressure on the growth rate.
Richard P. Wallace: Yeah, it's a great question and one that we've reviewed over time. I think the challenge is it doesn't appear to be the case that demand for process control is elastic. So if you were to offer – if you were to reduce prices, there's no evidence to support that there'd be more business there. I think people find the level they want to be at in terms of investing to get their process to ramp and to keep it under control. And they're going to pay for that with based on the returns they get. Whereas in a process situation, if I'm getting designed in at a node and the customer has a very strong view of how many they're going buy, they're in a very good position to negotiate that price over the life of that particular node. And I think that's why you don't see the expansion, margin expansion for process equipments near the same way that we have it. And it's harder for them to get that beneficial pricing. With us, it's really a question of, if you need it. And if you don't need it, you're not going to buy it. And if you do need it, it's going to be a value exchange and that's where we see the strength in our business model.
Richard P. Wallace: It hasn't historically. And the reason I say that is we've never been tool for tool low cost and competed on price. What we have to do is differentiate on performance and if the performance is there, we can typically, we can have higher productivity than the alternative but since we don't really make the same tools, when we look at our tool compared with our competitors, they're not the same tools. They are different approaches, different technologies. The most extreme example would be gen five against the e-beam alternative that's out there. So if we can demonstrate capability and higher productivity, it's again not a function of price. So what we're not going to do is chase the markets where it's based on a pricing decision because that's not consistent with our model. So this is why we invest heavily in R&D to have that differentiation. So two things we say. One, you got to have differentiation and the differentiation has to matter to the customers in a way that they see benefit in buying it and we think there are those opportunities for us.
Richard P. Wallace: We've seen a range. As you know, when you think about advanced design roles for logic or for the foundry market, often one of the biggest drivers for those tends to be, it has been historically FPGAs, which tend to utilize large die. And I think that for those they're still going to be pushing performance and wanting scaling but there are a number of other chips of course that are going to drive various ranges of die size. So we've not heard that. I think it's an astute insight but we have not heard that as being a limiter for the 10-nanometer rollout as we've seen these increased number of designs. But to your point, it's also pretty early. So we haven't. I think it's still early days.
Richard P. Wallace: I don't know how much color we'll have by October but I can give you my take on the last migration. I think a lot of what happened was, as we know now, looking back, 20-nanometer, we did do reasonably well going to 20-nanometer but it didn't carry over to 16-nanometer because as we went to 16-nanometer, of course we were left with reuse. I think the challenge in 10-nanometer is for customers it is a full shrink so they're going be challenged by that. But then as we think about 7-nanometer, the question is, are they going to have reuse opportunities there? And so part of the way we plan on addressing that is with new products. And I think the new products will give us this catalyst for driving new capability and creating more of an opportunity for us to grow.
Richard P. Wallace: It also has more variation. I mean 3D NAND inherently doesn't necessarily have a lot more process control intensity but the decision by our customers to upgrade or try to reuse often depends more on the age of the fleet and what's out there and when they did their last process control buys. So memory was pretty soft for a while so there'd become more opportunities and when they're spending we're on the list of opportunities that they're looking at. So it's not quite as simple as their reuse because in those cases, the memory guys have invested at a lower level historically than we saw in foundry.
Richard P. Wallace: Well I think that part of what customers are looking at as they look ahead is the metrology challenges both the – and really starting with the definition of the patterns with mask, and the interactions that you see on multi-patterning, how much the pressure there is on the overlay budget and film controls budget is they're really looking for the ability to synthesize and integrate the different tools in the portfolio. We're now organizationally set up in a much better way to support that because it's really aligning with our customers and many of our customers you'll find someone who is the exact counterpart to the new organizations that we've set up. So we're in a better position to support that as opposed to them having to deal with three or four different representatives from different divisions. So the customer response to our reorg has been just flat out either very good or really good. Because I think, from their standpoint, it's just better. It's easier for them to deal with. So I think that gives us opportunity. And then of course we have the products in place but we're pretty well aligned with the 10-nanometer challenges. And there is a huge push for increase overlay control as they go down to 10-nanometer and the fear of what that is going to look like in terms of some of the errors induced starting with how the mask look.
Richard P. Wallace: Well, we think we have a pretty compelling answer to reticle verification for EUV but it doesn't require an EUV reticle tool. It requires the 6xx platform that we have and our ability to do print check on devices once they're printed. And so, from our perspective, that is the answer to support the customers as they go through and the degree with which they adopt EUV. We're already supporting that in terms of the work that's going on in the reticle tool. And then we can support it when they printed on the actual wafer, so that is our answer.
Richard P. Wallace: Well, I think it's much more a function right now of the mix between memory and what we're seeing in terms of customers investing in memory versus investing in logic. In logic and foundry, our intensities are pretty good. It's just those customers are in a bit of an air pocket right now for us whereas the most of the investment has been along memory where there's also multi-patterning opportunities but that's – when you breakdown our process control intensities by different technologies, whether it's memory, logic, or foundry, that shift to higher percentage of memory is really explains the shift in our demand environment.
Richard P. Wallace: Well, we're pretty dependent on node transition. So obviously if that pushes out, then we end up in a soft spot like we're in right now. Really the question is when, for us, the real question coming up is the 10-nanometer adoption because our belief is we're going to be in a relatively softer position for the next quarter and then we'll start seeing some improvement in the December timeframe. But what we're going to have to depend on is the 10-nanometer is going to happen in calendar 2016. Then the question is how much of a stretch is it from 10 to 7 and what's beyond that. It's pretty hard to say at this point.
Richard P. Wallace: Yeah well, I think if you recall, we laid out the process control intensity model over a year ago at SEMICON and talked about the difference between what we'd see at foundry and logic and what we'd see in memory. And the biggest change in terms of our demand environment has really been associated with the shift toward an increase in memory concentration, which inherently, although the new nodes have more process control intensity than the prior nodes, they're almost half of what you see in logic and foundry. The logic and foundry intensities have been in general okay, but what we've seen recently is logic is almost at a historic low in terms of at least for the last 10 years, their investment right now is they're on pause. The other thing that happens is in foundries they might have a big focus on yield, but if then the business isn't won then what we see is the investment then stops altogether because it went somewhere else. So we have experienced some of that as well.
Richard P. Wallace: Well, obviously if anyone is reducing their CapEx and our sensitivity to process control intensity is higher in foundry and in logic than it is in memory, that's we don't consider that a great thing, so that dials us back a little bit. If you think about the restructuring that we did, we talked about two motivators. One was to position the company better to deal with our customer challenges to get to market and be easier for our customers to deal with us. But the other side of that was to reduce our cost base, and we've done that. And if you look at where we are from the peak, we're down pretty significantly. So our view is that, in the event that this continues, we want to be positioned appropriately for our investments to support it. But we never know how long these things are going to go. There are many examples in the past where customers give one direction and then change directions based on the way things go. And we're prepared for either one. But I think that we have taken actions to deal with, for us, what was a lower end market demand environment than we would have hoped for a couple years ago, but we also think that, in 2016, we will see a resumption of the investment.
Bren D. Higgins: The order profile for the second half of the year is in line with the first half of the year. Obviously, we're seeing the seasonal effects in September with strengthening.
Bren D. Higgins: Yeah, Harlan, it's Bren. Your assessment is correct. From an order perspective, we think it lines up fairly consistent with what we had seen last quarter. But certainly, shipments and revenue, we did have some sizable shipments that pushed out of the revenue forecast in the second half of the year for sub-20-nanometer foundry activity that is the largely responsible for the reduced outlook in terms of our views on shipments and revenue into the second half of the year.
Bren D. Higgins: I think it's a little early to call 2016 at this point. I mean, clearly, our view is, is that we'll see the 10-nanometer ramp again in the first half of the 2016, so you'll start to see activity there. Order timing is always a question in when you'd see those orders. On the logic side, we tend to get a little bit more lead-time than we do on the foundry. So in terms of how we're looking at how the shipments roll out, I think the shipments roll out largely consistent across both segments but it's a little bit early at this point. But I don't think our view is – we talked a lot about it at SEMICON a couple weeks ago, I don't think our views around 10-nanometer interest and timing have changed all that much. It's just that's hard for me to see how you see any of that activity begin in this calendar year from a – you might start to see some orders at the tail end but certainly don't expect to see any shipments in 2015 for that.
Bren D. Higgins: Yeah, Krish, it's Bren. I don't know if it's tied exactly to 10-nanometer. It's really tied to the timing of those introductions. Typically, new products create their own weather in terms of timing of interest by customers. We would expect to see orders in the – toward the end of our fiscal year. And perhaps we'll see some revenue, too, towards the tail end. I don't think you fully see full scale sort of ramp and adoption until you move into the second half of 2016 but we should see some activity in the first half.
Bren D. Higgins: I think it's fair to assume we're starting to see some of it. Part of our assessment of where we were on a normalized basis, we were trending before we started the actions. And when I say normalized, I mean in terms of how you think about variable compensation adjustments and so on, somewhere around $225 million a quarter. And we see that trending down in terms of a fully loaded operating level of about $205 million to $210 million and we should see that progression across the fiscal year from here. So I think there's still room from where we're at now as we start to see those – some of those costs come off the books over the next quarter or so. And then we expect it to stay in that ballpark with some of the other actions that we have planned and are in process of executing.
Bren D. Higgins: So, C.J., we haven't done the work on how we're looking at 10-nanometer starts. I mean, clearly, what we've seen so far in the sub-20-nanometer is not a lot of end-market movement towards 20-nanometer, 16-nanometer, 14-nanometer, which obviously impacts that start level. So depending on the level of adoption that you do see obviously will impact what customers are able to do as they move to 10-nanometer. But so far at 20-nanometer outside of a couple high volume products, haven't seen a lot of activity which has enabled customers to use some of those tools at 14-nanometer and 16-nanometer. So a lot of it, I think, depends on not only the end-market activity but also the competitive dynamics at that node that drives ultimately the overall size of it. So we think 10-nanometer will be a bigger node, given that it's – you have a full shrink to that node and that the ability to reuse tools if – is not the same as it was at 20-nanometer and 16-nanometer given that you had effectively the same back end process is at 20-nanometer down to 16-nanometer, 14-nanometer. So we're optimistic about 10-nanometer both from a competitive dynamic front but also from an end-market front at this point.
Bren D. Higgins: Yeah, C.J., that tends to be pretty linear. I don't expect to see an acceleration there. I expect to see it continue along the trajectory that we've seen, somewhere between 6% and 8% per year and growing quarter-on-quarter generally.
Bren D. Higgins: Yeah, Mahesh, it's Bren. So in terms of how we're sizing, I mean I'm not really guiding the December quarter as I said. It looks roughly flat in terms of half to half, so strengthening into December. We think obviously memory continues to be solid but we do expect to see some foundry activity start to pick up in the December quarter as well. There's some timing of some trailing edge projects that are out there that looks like we might see some of that activity start to book in the December timeframe. So, a combination of things across a couple of segments that gives us confidence around December being a solid increase versus September at this time.
Bren D. Higgins: It tends to be customer-specific. So harder to say at this point. I'm not sure I can guide the second half shipment profile right now.
Bren D. Higgins: In the quarter, we had – 3D NAND was solid. Also we had some DRAM activity that was good as well. I think you're going to see some conversions but most of the activity that we're seeing so far is more greenfield focused.
Bren D. Higgins: Yeah, we're pretty comfortable with what we're seeing on foundry, logic intensity changes node to node. I think the biggest issue right now is, is that you are dealing with very similar tool sets at 20-nanometer and below and so the ability to migrate the capacity that was acquired for 20-nanometer down to 16-nanometer, 14-nanometer with no backfill of design tape-outs where that capacity has enabled customers to reuse some of that equipment. But in terms of the intensity that we've seen on those purchases, it is in line with what we were expecting to see at 1x.
Bren D. Higgins: I think around that segment most of those orders will ship in the next, over the course of September and into December. So lead times being three to six months on those tools.
Bren D. Higgins: Yeah, Farhan, the only other thing I would add to that is, is that so far, the process control intensity in a high mix foundry is higher than, let's say, a high volume logic fab. And given the level of activity we've seen with design starts at so far 20, 14, 16, most of the behavior has been more in line with high volume logic-like adoption levels where customers are running high volume products. And so end market activity is a driver of process control adoption. And the limited end-market activity so far has had an impact on the intensity for sure.
Bren D. Higgins: Well, we've got in excess of 8 million shares remaining on the authorization. We repurchased $168 million in the June quarter. So we see a continuation over the course of the year, now approach is to do, what we call, a dollar cost average-like approach towards that over time. And so we'll continue to do it quarter in, quarter out. Certainly, we – as we manage our overall cash relative to our U.S. target, it does have an impact in terms of cash needs and in terms of where we ultimately end up around share repurchases. And we are going to start to pay down the debt. We've started to do that in the last quarter and so that will be an aspect to the cash management going forward as well. So we're about halfway through, a little over halfway through and we'll see it continue over the course of the next 12 months or so.
