Bren Higgins: Well, hey, Patrick. It’s a great question. And certainly adding Orbotech in and I think we have done a pretty good job of improving overall asset velocity in that business so far. I think there is room for us to improve it going forward. But on the KLA side, one of the areas where you could argue that we -- I think we do something in our business to support and I think we get paid for in terms of our profitability, but to support our model. Both in terms of the component differentiation we have that drives our differentiation of our products but also that enables our service business. So we have always tended to carry a lot of inventory because we are supporting these tools that last a long time in the field. And we also have very exclusive relationships and a lot of our key supplier relationships that help us, as I said protect differentiation. So as a result of all that, it does drive higher inventory commitments and we carry that risk, if you will. Although, we never get stuck with extra systems and given the strength of the Service business we tend to move the part. So we think it’s a good sacrifice to make. We think we get paid for it in terms of the profitability and structure of our business. And the volume we have seen has allowed us to improve it a little bit. It’s -- this is not a turns business for the most part. So I think there’s probably an upper limit to it. But we have -- we do focus on and I think we have improved it a little bit over time.
Bren Higgins: Yeah. Joe, so it’s a good question. So what we are trying to do, first of all, it’s really for both groups of our business, if you look at the EPC Group and as well as the process control equipment part of the business. I was really trying to do a few things. First, obviously, we are guiding March and we have got a nice sequential increase to the March quarter. We wanted to provide our view of WFE growth for ‘21 and expectations for KLA in the year. And the third thing was to provide just some context on the demand profile as we move through the year. And as I said in the prepared remarks, it looks relatively consistent. Now I am not guiding the June quarter, I am not guiding September, I am not guiding December, but what I wanted to do is provide a little bit more context. Now we do have tools that cost from $10 million to $20 million, sometimes even more than that. So there is the usual variability that you have related to the timing of a shipment, the customer acceptance, the consignment buyout and so on. But when we look across our business, it looks relatively consistent from a demand profile point of view, and I think starting with the backlog we have, the visibility we have in the funnel and then just the general lead time dynamics of our products, it gives me some comfort with that statement.
Bren Higgins: Sounds like you have been talking to some of our guys inside it. Sometimes Rick and I are the only two people in the company, I think, we ought to spend less. But anyway, to answer your question, look we have a rigorous process where we look at the portfolio of the business and look at how we get returns on that portfolio. So we have ramped up our investments in R&D and product development over the last few years. We think that there are opportunities. One of the biggest drivers that’s driving the uptick that I articulated here as we look at ‘21 is investment in multiple programs supporting reticle inspection, qualification and so on. So I think that that’s been an area of focus for us. But we feel pretty comfortable with our process around R&D and the timing of our road map related to our customer requirements and it’s worked pretty well for KLA. I think what’s driving more of our model upside is more of a gross margin dynamic than a cost dynamic. And so, I think, the gross margin is reflective of the differentiation that we have with our products in the field and I think the value we are adding to our customers. So hopefully that answers your question.
Bren Higgins: Yeah. CJ, nicely done, those are not related at all, those two questions, as you know. But I will take them. The first one, no, we don’t see any slowdown in the EUV impact if the delays that were outlined by ASML in terms of the demand for GEN5, if anything, it’s kind of gone the other way. What’s happened in the last few months is, I think, the realization that some of the yield challenges associated with the EUV are best approach -- best addressed by having more GEN5 capacity and so we are actually maxed out and trying to ramp that in order to support it. So we have very strong GEN5, we don’t see any delay in that and we have a lot of conversations with customers about our ability to support that. In terms of Orbotech, in terms of that, I would say, it’s a complicated business overall to aggregate and so we don’t really see anything, any signs of concern. We do see continued growth in that business. We feel good about where we set out our plans for 2023 in terms of the original model that we outlaid at the Investor Day and we are on track to meet or exceed those. So we feel good about it. We will have to see. This is a little bit newer for us to understand just the dynamics of the Orbotech business. But we feel good about the signs that we are seeing, and as we said, we ended with a strong backlog coming out of 2020. So we feel really good about this year.
Bren Higgins: Yeah. John, it’s the usual quarter-to-quarter variability. So it was a little bit weaker in the December quarter and you see a bit of a bounce back into the March quarter. So we were 20 basis points below and we just guided 25 basis points over the midpoint or over that 62%. And as I look at the next several quarters and why I put the comments in the prepared remarks that I feel like we are operating in the 61.5% to 62% range. So it was really just a function of the products that actually revenue in the quarter. It’s a customer acceptance timing dynamic and not any other reason.
Bren Higgins: Well, John, it was fairly weak for most of 2020 and we saw this increase in the December quarter, which had some breath to it and we expected to see that, so we weren’t surprised by it and then as we look at ‘21, we expect to see growth overall. We articulated our view earlier about just -- we think the DRAM market overall probably grows at a higher percentage level than in the flash market, but we would expect to see growth in the business into ‘21. But it’s been pretty disciplined. So seen it bounce back in the December quarter and some sustainability here at these levels as we move through the first part, at least here of ‘21, it’s encouraging.
Bren Higgins: Krish, the only thing I would add on DRAM is, with the introduction of EUV and want to see how that plays out, it does drive some infrastructure. Now that’s one level of investment and is that sustainable over time is I think a challenge for our teams. But as customers start to deploy EUV, it will require EUV related infrastructure to help manage that. So that’s a factor that’s out there that also a -- maybe a change moving forward.
Bren Higgins: Well, Krish, it will. It’s two separate questions. It will because it’s growing faster than the underlying systems business. If you look at our service model, it’s a 9% to 11% growth rate, which is what we articulated at Investor Day and I’d argue that, certainly, the increase in demand we have seen on the system side gives us a tailwind to that growth rate moving forward. There is clearly customers are valuing the service offerings particularly as you are seeing more and more demand at the trailing edge and that with the need for those customers to keep those tools up. A lot of those customers, particularly around automotive are facing increasing reliability requirements and that’s driving more investment and process control and the information that comes off the tools. So those have all been good drivers for us. So I keep thinking -- look 80%, 85%, I think, that’s probably reasonable to think that we could aspire to get there. There is always dynamics of certain customers that prefer billable model and so we will have to deal with that resistance to try to move to a contract structure. At the end of the day, contract structures allow us to optimize the cost structure underneath and we can serve to an entitlement level that drives higher through cycle profitability. So that’s what we aspire to. So I think there’s opportunities but I think there’s always going to be some limit to it where customers are going to -- some customers will prefers a total structure in parts of their installed base.
Bren Higgins: Well, so if you go back to Investor Day, and I think, even over time it, every time we get the question, we have been very explicit about how we think about the -- about capital allocation in the company and our belief that generally cash doesn’t get valued unless it’s deployed productively. And so when you look at what we are doing going forward, we expect that, at a minimum, we would be able to return 70% and investors can model that as they think about the returns profile over time. We were right around that this year, but this was a little bit of a unique year with some of the COVID dynamics at the beginning of the year. We did build our cash balance a little bit. But you are right, given the growth of the business I would expect that we can deploy more. We do an exhaustive exercise here to understand the liquidity of the company and how much cash we need to run it and we are operating at that level today and so we have to juxtapose those alternatives against opportunities for growth in the company. I think we have done a pretty good job with that. But generally, I think the 70% tends to be a floor, and given the uptick in the business that we are describing, I would expect our quarter-to-quarter share repurchasing to increase as we go forward here. Now, on the dividend side, A, we have raised it 11 years in a row, 35% or so payout ratio target through cycle to enable us to continue to raise it year in, year out and have a payout ratio that gives us the ability to do that and even raise it in difficult years. We are going to grow it in line with the growth rate in free cash flow. And so over time, you can expect that the dividend payout ratio will grow roughly in line with the growth in free cash flow. So that’s our model and we will -- we do our exercise here and each year and we will continue to do it that way, I don’t think anything’s changed.
Bren Higgins: So, I would expect WFE in China to be flat to up. I am looking at our business levels and they match that. So it -- I would say, it’s very consistent with the profile of 20%, maybe a little bit better and it’s different customers...
Bren Higgins: Well, there is always quarter-to-quarter fluctuations. But when you look at our long-term plan of growing our top line at least in the 7% to 9% range and dropping 1.5 times that revenue growth rate in terms of EPS growth. But that drives effectively an incremental operating margin that’s between 40% and 50% and that’s how we are going to run the company over time. So you always have the drivers that influence margin -- your gross margin, whether it’s a product mix, obviously, service has a dilutive element at the gross margin line. But we factor that into how we think about the model we put out there. So, yes, we are outperforming the public model. I think the strength and the speed of the growth that we have seen in the last couple of years has helped drive a fair amount of leverage in the business. And I think that a lot of, as I said earlier and said in the prepared remarks, a lot of its sustainable. So that’s our model and we are outperforming it and expect to over the next number of quarters as I outlined.
Bren Higgins: So, Tim, yeah, you missed it. I covered it earlier and there were some prepared remarks that I had that were about a sustained or a consistent demand profile over the next number of quarters. So that isn’t guidance but that was just to give some context on how we see the year shaping up. Notwithstanding the issue that we have around, just general ASPs of our tools that can cause some variability quarter-to-quarter. If you look at the March quarter, and again, we run the -- we guide one revenue number, but my expectations around the semi process control business are somewhere between 1.435% and 1.455% including Service, somewhere in that ballpark.
Bren Higgins: Yeah. I think there is some growth in NAND. It’s the lowest percentage growth rate of the three segments that we articulated. So I think it’s probably a mid-single-digit type growth rate and that’s obviously off a bigger base as we look at ‘21.
Bren Higgins: I am not so sure I understand the question. But I think it’s been fairly consistent I think here. I think it upticked a little bit in the second half to your point and I think that there is some growth next year off of ‘20.
Bren Higgins: …all of them are showing growth. I would think that Rick talked a lot about the broadband plasma in the strength there. Because of the memory uptick we are seeing and after a couple of years now of digesting, we are seeing more patterned inspection or unpatterned inspection investment and so that’s a good indicator both to support the wafer output, but also which memory tends to drive wafer so that drives that business. And then the tool monitoring that is done with un-patterned inspectors for any monitor wafers in memory. And then in reticle inspection, I expect to see growth year-over-year above market kind of growth levels in that business as well.
Bren Higgins: Yeah. It’s really related, Quinn, to the optical inspection in GEN4, GEN5. So it’s not just what we are seeing in GEN5. But GEN5 is certainly where we are seeing the increased application around specifically supporting EUV. And there -- that’s -- we laid out that thesis at Investor Day. We haven’t really seen it at that time that we thought the print check. So when customers will print down the EUV and they will validate that image that was going to be an application. We believe there is a big market requirement for. That’s proving to be true and that’s driving a lot of the business success going forward. The other thing that’s happening, of course, as EUV is becoming more prevalent then just in general scaling matters more smaller defects and that pushes the mix toward more GEN5 than perhaps would have been GEN4. So we are benefiting from both of those trends, new applications, additional scaling.
Rick Wallace: So, CJ, the only thing that I will add to that is we were guiding it right. This still has the same variability you see quarter-to-quarter as is -- at a different obviously order of magnitude than our Semiconductor Process Control equipment business. But if you look at what’s driving the business overall between 5G infrastructure, mobile and 5G handsets, some of the dynamics within specialty, and then just all -- the overall PCB dynamics and how it’s changing relative to integration and packaging and high performance computing. It’s all of that is driving some nice growth in those businesses. So while the display business is, I expect a down year in ‘21 versus ‘20, the other businesses are more than making up for it. So I think that, overall, it looks pretty consistent more or less as we move through the year.
Rick Wallace: Yeah. John, I think, as you know, since we are a little more dependent on technology transition than we are at volume, our answer is a little different, because it has more to do with the migration and the yield challenges associated with advanced nodes and what we see there is a pretty steady commitment toward additional capability to drive next-generation and we are seeing that for multiple players. So I think like a lot of things in this industry KLA’s exposure is -- there is less variability in it based on that fact. And so the volume considerations associated with CapEx impact us less than that. And maybe Bren can give some color on how that looks for the -- as we go through the year.
Rick Wallace: Yeah. I mean, I think, that the differences are pretty slight, in terms of what the drivers are. It’s actually different products that are getting impacted. So if you think about DRAM, we are more -- obviously scaling is more of a factor there and so you will see more of what we are doing in terms of whether it’s GEN5. You don’t really see that and what’s going on in NAND, but you do have some of the new products, we talked about the X-ray technology is really more applicable of that, some of the challenges associated with metrology. And even how it impacts our wafer business or Surfscan business, because the flatness requirements and the cleanliness for wafers for NAND really get exacerbated when you think about the kind of verticality that those dimensions are going through and the stress that puts on the semiconductor producer for them to be able to manage the yield. So they are different, I think the intensity at this point is slightly higher in the NAND than in the DRAM, but they are both kind of increasing at similar amounts.
Rick Wallace: Just to add to that, I mean, one other factor is the tools that are being shipped today, the complexity is such that if you think about a car analogy, it’s pretty much service your own car today, 15 years ago it might have been different. And so you think about over time, the complexity in the associative, more and more of our systems end up having more and more custom design parts throughout the system and it just becomes more economical to rely on us. And then there is no question that a service model -- a customer benefits from having a contract over the long-term. They take the risk out of episodic events and they have more reliability of uptime. So I agree with, Bren, I think it goes up over time. But nothing moves particularly fast in the Services world given the size of the installed base. So it takes a little time for that number to keep creeping up. But we are firmly convinced and committed to driving it.
Rick Wallace: So when I look at it, Vivek, I think, that there is -- we have a little bit more memory investment this year than in ‘20 and so that puts downward pressure on process control intensity. But you are right about the opportunities in foundry/logic and some of the product offerings that we expect to have over the course of 2021. So when I look at it and I think that we will at least perform in line with the market. I would expect that we will probably do a little bit better. There’s some headwinds and some tailwinds as we look at ‘21. But overall, I think that that’s where process control intensity kind of plays out. And then from a share if we execute, I think, there’s probably some opportunities for some modest share improvement as well. So I do think KLA’s share of WFE is probably flat to slightly up as we look at ‘21 from where we sit today.
Rick Wallace: Harlan, I think, it kind of -- there’s kind of two ways to answer it. What were the end drivers for it and what were the products. And I say that because EUV really drove a lot of our BBP performance, but it isn’t necessarily the only thing BBP is used for. So we feel good about how we finished up the year. As you said, we gained share and we feel like we held it. We will see what the final numbers come out. But you remember, Investor Day we are modeling a slower growth in share than what we are actually seeing. So we feel really good about...
Rick Wallace: …where we are in terms of the BBP adoption and had a very strong year in optical inspection in calendar ‘20. As you shift to ‘21, we feel like we are well-positioned to continue to build on the share gains or process control adoption gains that we had. Again, based as much on end demand as some products that are coming to market that will continue to build that, plus continued adoption. The optical inspection strength is really remarkable and we feel good about how we are positioned there. So I think that you are right, we gained more in ‘19 than in 2020. We held our gains may be built on it a little and I think we are positioned to continue that trajectory as we go towards our ‘23 plan but, certainly, for ‘21. That’s the way the year’s lining up. That’s we are build plans look right now.
Rick Wallace: Sure. Harlan, great question. We do feel good about where we are positioned. And as you know, I think we are fully integrated now and feel really good about the message we have for our customers. I mentioned in prepared remarks, we feel good about the progress we have made on the synergies. We have seen the target that we laid out in 2023, we are on track. But to your point and Bren mentioned it, FPD will be down in calendar ‘21, which means -- and we think overall, the rest of the business if you take out FPD probably be up closer to 15%. So -- and FPD was relatively weak in ‘20. So the parts of the business that were I think the most levered to in terms of the advanced packaging and a lot of the work that’s going on, where we have overlap with some of our existing front-end customers, really a lot of good progress, and as you know, Oreste is running that. I think he’s confident that we can build on our success as we go forward, based on the interactions that we are having with customers. We feel good about specialty, PCB has been great and we have been really happy with the work that’s going on in the packaging inspection, the ICOS businesses. So those three are really hitting it and feel really good about it. I also mentioned, we are seeing the same operating margin leverage. Obviously those are lower profitability businesses but they have the same leverage in the operating model as the rest of KLA. So we feel good about that as well.
Rick Wallace: Thanks, Harlan. Priscilla, looks like we are coming up on time here, I think we have time for one last question.
Rick Wallace: All right. We appreciate everybody’s time and interest. And I will pass the call back over to Priscilla to end.
