Bren Higgins: Yes. Harlan, I'll go ahead and start and let Rick add if he needs to here. But it was a very strong year, obviously, for the company. And we're really pleased with the share results.  One of the things as we look at just our expectation this year is we expect to see continued momentum in a lot of the markets that you referenced, so there's certainly strength that's expected there. We're expecting greater than market growth out of our reticle inspection business, which was a little slower than market last year, and it tends to be a lumpier business. But as we move into this year, it should be a little bit stronger. So overall, we feel pretty good about the road map across our products. As we said in the prepared remarks, our biggest challenge is just getting the parts we need to meet the very strong customer demand that's out there. But we're encouraged by the momentum we have, and our internal plan is to continue to gain share. We think there's more opportunity for us given what you said in terms of where we are. We go linearly, but at the same time, we've had a nice trajectory over the last few years and would expect to see it grow as we move forward. 
Bren Higgins: Yes. So Tim, you'll see the exact number in the 10-Q that we file. And it's the performance obligations, not purchase commitments. But anyway, the performance obligations, where you're right, we're over $8 billion last quarter and we'll be in excess of $10 billion this quarter. And to my earlier comment, I think we'll see book-to-bill above 1 through the year. 
Bren Higgins: Tim, usually, that doesn't impact us all that much because we tend to see process control tools go in early. Also, given the demand environment, customers will deal with timing issues in terms of taking tools and storing them to align with expectations around their other tool sets.   So I'm less concerned about that given that the strength of demand. Customers are beating on us every day to ship sooner, so I'm not I'm not concerned about delays in other types of tools impacting our products.   And you're right, we did have -- Q1 was stronger. Certainly the execution by the teams in the last month as we dealt with a lot of delays in parts, particularly around automation for our systems, the execution was really solid. And we're really pleased with the upside we saw in Q1. So as I think about the second half, the second half, I'm still in the same range, low to mid-teens in terms of semiconductor process control systems. So half to half versus the first half. 
Bren Higgins: Yes, Joe, it's mostly technology transitions this year. And certainly, the introduction of EUV and DRAM has been a driver for investment from our customers. It's pretty broad. As I look at the DRAM investment, it's pretty broad-based across our customer set. 
Bren Higgins: Yes, Patrick, that's a great question. And when you're talking about process tools, you have modular systems. And so they kind of come together at the customer site in a lot of cases between the automation and then the gas boxes and the process chambers. And so if you're missing parts, sometimes, you have that issue.  With our systems, and we internally source the handlers for our systems. But our systems ship completely, and so they don't come -- for the most part. I mean, we might have an issue here or there on the FPD business, where you'll have a similar dynamic. And in some cases, there isn't a reasonable carve-out based on the substance of the transaction where you defer some of the revenue. But it's a very, very small part of KLA. So on our semi process control part of the business, we're shipping complete systems. And so you wouldn't see a big correction in a deferred revenue that all of a sudden comes together as you move forward. So what we're shipping is complete systems, and that's what's revenue-ing as we go forward. 
Bren Higgins: Yes. So at least $100 billion in WFE. It's translating. And I don't have the exact numbers, but we're seeing new wafer starts per month being added across all production nodes. And you're seeing it in memory at a limited level, certainly this year compared to prior years, less because it's more of a technology transition-focused year.  But certainly, on the foundry logic side, you're seeing increases in the 3-nanometer, 5-nanometer. And 7- and 10-nanometer is probably flattish, but then you get 28 and 40 and above and sort of those nodes. You've got the legacy investment that's happening there. So you're really seeing wafer start additions across just about all production nodes. 
Bren Higgins: Yes, I don't think I can help you with that right now. By node, the capital intensity changes. And so it's not dollar for dollar in terms of how it applies to wafer starts at a given node. 
Bren Higgins: No, I think they're complementary technologies and scaling into production is the challenge, as you mentioned. And even as you increase the beams, it doesn't necessarily equate to a lot of throughput. It does equate to some, but there is still a challenge and the throughput disparity is quite significant relative to optical solutions. So it's relegated to defect discovery and engineering analysis-type cases and doesn't -- isn't all that applicable to a production environment. And that's -- I think it's been very well validated, I think, with the strength that we've seen in optical pattern inspection over the last few years. 
Bren Higgins: Yes, it's about 80% is leading edge. Yes, that might include 14, 16, but that's only a few percent. So it's safe to say that pretty much 80% or so is 10-nanometer and below. 
Bren Higgins: Well, yes, last year, it was a very strong 2020 and then 2021 was below market growth. It was still an up year for the business but below the market. And then we do have more strength this year. It tends to be lumpy.  If you're thinking about mass shop systems, so our Teron systems that we sell into the mass shop, those are very high-dollar -- revenue dollar tool. So the ASP is quite high. So they tend to skew the numbers a bit in that market given that.  But certainly, we're seeing strength both in terms of EUV and new layers given the strength of foundry and logic, and that drives more reticle sets. And you've got, obviously, a lot of new designs, but you have re-spins of older designs. And so that's driving a lot of reticle demand. That's probably the biggest driver.  You have also applications that are in the wafer fab for contamination monitoring. And we would also expect to see some revenue this year from the e-beam system that Rick mentioned as we get to the end of the year.  So I think it's those factors that are driving that. 
Richard Wallace: Yes. Just to add a couple of things, Harlan. One is, of course, Gartner's data is revenue and the bookings picture is even stronger. So we're in really good shape in terms of that. We've talked about the backlog and the demand that we have. So we'll continue to see share gain in terms of -- or strength of share in the segments that you outlined. Also, the new technologies that are coming offer more process control intensity opportunities.   For example, high-k/metal gate, if you look at that, if you look at gate-all-around, the metrology, bigger die size, all those things are going to allow -- there would be more opportunity. And we have products in the queue as well as in the field that are going to take advantage of that. So we feel very well positioned.   The biggest challenges we've talked about is satisfying demand, and that's related to -- we think we've done a really good job with supply chain, but there's more work to do there to continue to support our customers. 
Richard Wallace: Yes, Harlan. So in terms of the systems part of EPC, we're somewhere close to 20% is our expectation for the year. Obviously, we'll have to see how that plays out. That tends to be a little bit of a shorter lead time business and have some parts of its markets that are a little bit more sensitive to some of the consumer dynamics. But in general, we expect to see about a 20% growth there. Now if you blend it with its service business, it will be in the high teens. That service business tends to grow a little bit slower than that.   But you're right, over the last couple of years, on the systems side, we've been in that 20% range. And it hasn't gotten as much of a play as -- given the strength of our semi process control business. But we're pleased with where we're going directionally there. And we'll have more to say about the longer-term view at our Investor Day in mid-June. 
Richard Wallace: Yes, C.J, it's a great question. Right now, blended lead times, and they're blended across right products and the revenue value of the composition of the backlog, but it's well over a year now in terms of where lead times are. Obviously, certain product lines are longer than that. We're slotting certain product lines now today out into 2024. So there's quite a bit of demand for some of the products. And given the constraints we have around key components and the lead time for those components, it just pushes that -- those lead times out. So overall, we've seen it trend up here. And as I said in the prepared remarks, as we go through the year, I continue to expect to see demand exceeding supply. So I would expect lead times to probably increase a little bit as we move over the course of the year. 
Richard Wallace: Well, our guidance implies a risk-adjusted assessment of where we're at. Obviously, there's always some unknowns about that, both from a supply point of view, which we feel pretty good about, but also more so from just can we get access to customers, can we get tools installed, can we get acceptances done and so on. We've contemplated that in the guidance we've given. We do have an expectation of seeing some opening begin in the, call it, sort of the middle of May. If things drift out further than that or there's a significant expansion of lockdown activity, it could have more of an impact.  But we -- I think we've risk-adjusted it as best as we can. There's certainly some unknowns. But we feel pretty good about the guidance we provided. 
Richard Wallace: Joe, it's Rick. It wasn't really -- it was much more about the impact to cost about when they're hired. We actually did quite well of hiring in Q1. It's just if they're not hired at the beginning of the quarter and we factored in the payroll for the whole quarter, we're on track for our hiring this year.  And most of that had to do, frankly, more with some of the engineering work than it does the work that's associated with both operations and service, where you could potentially, if you didn't have the resources, see a shortfall for the year.   But even then, it would just -- right now, we're trying to alleviate the teams who are doing a lot of overtime and trying to provide them some backfill. So none of our hiring challenges are affecting our ability to support the revenue for this year or next year. But we do want to get people in, and we've had good success, but it's more -- we're talking months as opposed to quarters or years behind. 
Richard Wallace: Yes, good question, and one that -- obviously, we're excited about the EPC acquisition for exactly this. So I would say really, for EPC, even in earlier question we had about how we're doing and how we think about it, I really think of it in 3 stages. The first stage for EPC for KLA was to employ the operating model and how we run the businesses, and that was really what we did initially.   The second stage was customer engagement. And because, as you say, some of these customers are bigger customers, have more complex problems. And they know KLA, they wanted to engage with us. So that's actually been going quite well, and we've been having a lot of discussions.   But of course, then you get to the third part of that, which is technology leverage from the rest of KLA into EPC. And we're kind of in Phase 2 and Phase 3 now where we've been having those meetings. There are a lot of clear opportunities for us, and we're developing those solutions and rolling those out. So I think that you'll see the leverage, the revenue synergy associated from the additional channel access and the needs and then the benefit of our technology as we go forward. That's really -- that's coming. We're going to talk more about that at the Analyst Day in June as we roll that out. But right now, huge opportunities, and we feel like we're just at time with that acquisition to be in a position to support them. 
Richard Wallace: Yes. That's an interesting change in the dynamics of the industry. And that was really more isolated to one period in time than if you look at the overall history of the industry. And that was largely because there were not very many new starts on advanced nodes. There were primarily just a handful of customers, a handful of devices. And so that reuse was something that happened when Moore's Law wasn't scaling. We're seeing very little reuse now, and there's a couple of reasons for that. One of the primary reasons is the number of starts, the broad-based number of devices that's being run on these nodes and the ability of more and more customers to support that. That means that our customers are running flat out those technology nodes as they're introducing new ones.  So we're actually seeing kind of the opposite effect, if you will. We're seeing some capacity. Some of our sales are actually into ramps that historically we would have considered to be done. And they're actually buying tools, for example, for 7-nanometer right now. There's still some of that going on in spite of the new investment being advanced.  So reuse is significantly down in terms of the amount. And that's a trend that our customers believe is going to continue is that it's going to be a focus on supporting that. And if you look at the overall semiconductor shortage in the world, you can imagine that, that's not something that they can really afford to do because they're running those old lines flat out, and we see that in our service business and the overall fabulization around the world. 
Richard Wallace: Yes. Look, certainly, as the tools increase in complexity and the demand on uptime increases, it does create opportunities for us to drive a contract model, a subscription-like model with those customers.  And so we do think there's some upside potential over time, and we'll talk a little bit about some of the longer-term drivers of our service business and its trajectory going forward at our Investor Day in June.  But obviously, PCB at closer to 90%, it's hard to improve much on that, but I think that there's still some opportunity on the semi PC side given the dynamics I mentioned.  One of the other opportunities we have in our acquired businesses is to try to drive more and higher attach on those tools in terms of service. And certainly, smaller players have a harder time having the infrastructure to be able to engage with customers to try to monetize that service business. And so there's opportunities for us in our specialty semiconductor business, our flat panel business and some other smaller acquisitions we've done to drive more service opportunity. We'll have a lot more to say about it in June, but hopefully, that helps for now. 
Richard Wallace: Yes. I think the whack-a-mole analogy is applicable here. It seems that as we work certain issues, other issues materialize. The dynamic in China with the COVID lockdowns does have some potential impact on some suppliers. Although we think we've dealt with it in the guidance we've given in terms of just our assessment of the risk profile of that. But I would say they're all the same issues, and we just continue to work, and the teams have done a really good job with it. 
Richard Wallace: Just one more example. I think this is important to understand. If you look at calendar 2021, our Gen 4 optical actually outsold our Gen 5 optical in terms of amount of revenue in that split of the 80% of the market, and then the rest was divided in the e-beam among the different e-beam players.  So this idea that the latest technologies would require e-beam inspection hasn't been proven. In fact, if anything, it shows the extendibility of optical as we -- even in 2021 and what we're seeing in 2022. In fact, we expect the Gen 4 to continue to have significant success in terms of serving the overall inspection needs.  So the view is they'll be complementary. e-beam will primarily be a tool that will be used for engineering analysis but not for in-line inspection. 
Richard Wallace: Yes. Wes, I would add one thing to it also is we're talking about the reticle inspector. But if you look at the application itself of qualifying reticles, a lot of the success we had in 2021 and continue to have now is use of Gen 5 to qualify EUV reticles.  So while it may not be the rapid systems we're selling, it's the application in support of those, largely because that is the most effective way to determine the quality of those reticles is to actually inspect them.  And finally, we have the capability to do it on the wafers with Gen 5. And so we saw a huge push from customers, multiple customers, everyone who's essentially doing EUV to utilize Gen 5 to qualify those reticles. 
Richard Wallace: We have continued evolution of the platforms to support it. And we continue to work on additional reticle capabilities to support it. So I think the answer is a little bit of both.  I mean, the advantage of the on-wafer with the Gen 5 is that those tools already exist. And so right now, they could inspect those, albeit at a slower throughput. But of course, we're working on continuing to improve that capability both with increases in hardware but also a lot of the work we've been doing with machine learning and AI and the algorithm front to support those applications.  And then at the same time, we have the 8xx which we'll continue to support, as well as 6xx. And as I think you know, we also are working on next-generation reticle inspection as well.  So we got quite a bit of -- I think our 2 biggest investment programs inside the company are both dealing with the challenges of reticle inspection over the next several years. 
Vedvati Shrotre: I think my first question is I wanted to understand if you have a sense of what the industry wafer capacity is expected to grow in this year and for the next year.  So WFE is expected to be around the mid-teens growth for this year. Like how does that translate to an increased capacity? If you can provide any color here. And I understand if you don't have an industry view, maybe you could talk to a subset of your customers, that would be helpful. 
Vedvati Shrotre: So is that in line with WSE growth? That's what I was trying to get at. Or is it -- so is that like an 18% increase? Or if you could help me characterize what kind of capacity increase that is. 
Vedvati Shrotre: Got it. Okay. Okay. And for my follow-up. Four to 5 years ago, most of the customers used to talk about reusing about 70% to 80% of their tools. How has this changed now? Is this -- is majority of the WFE spend on capacity additions? Like how has that changed since, if you could help me understand. 
