Ed Lockwood: Thank you, Paula. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to KLA-Tencor's First Quarter Fiscal Year 2010 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me on our call today are Rick Wallace, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Mark Dentinger, Chief Financial Officer. We're here today to discuss first quarter results for the period ended September 30, 2009. We released these results this afternoon at 1:15 Pacific Time and if you haven't seen the release you can find it on our Web site at www.klatencor.com or call 408-875-3600 to request a copy. Rick will lead off today’s call with updates on the current market environment and the company's performance in the September quarter and provide guidance for the December quarter. Afterwards Mark Dentinger will review the preliminary financial results for the quarter and then we'll open the call for questions. A simulcast of this call will be accessible on-demand following its completion on the investor section of our Web site. On the Web site you'll also find a calendar of future investor events, presentations and investor conferences as well as links to KLA-Tencor's SEC filings including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2009. In those filings you'll find descriptions of Risk Factors that could impact our future results. As you know our future results are subject to risks. Any forward-looking statements including those we make on this call today are subject to those risks. KLA-Tencor cannot guarantee those forward-looking statements will come true. Our actual results may differ significantly from those projected in our forward-looking statements. More information regarding factors that could cause those differences is contained in the filings we make with the SEC from time to time including our fiscal year 2009 Form 10-K and our current reports on Form 8-K. We assume no obligation and do not intend to update these forward-looking statements. However, you can be assured that any updates we do provide will be broadly disseminated and available over the web. With that, I'll turn the call over to Rick.
Ed Lockwood: Okay, thank you, Mark. We'll now take your questions and we once again request each participant to please limit yourself to one question and a brief follow-up to allow us to get to as many callers as possible in a time allotted today. And with that, Operator, we are ready for our first question.
Ed Lockwood: Thank you, operator and thank you all for joining us today. We look forward to seeing you throughout the quarter and please join us again for our next call. This concludes our conference call for today.
Rick Wallace: Sure, C. J., it's Rick. What we're seeing now I think is a couple things. One, a number of foundries that are investing has broadened so clearly we saw that has a benefit. And the other thing we're seeing is the advanced technology that is really being pushed by the foundries now, there are a lot of starts have happened and there's a lot of demand for the events out of the foundries. They just have to make investments to catch up to that. Whether it can remain at exactly this level or go down, I think it's hard to say, but on balance, when we look out to December and think forward, we think that there continues to be opportunity in the foundry space for a couple reasons. One is there's increasing demand on the low end and we don't have a large percent of the revenues generated on the advanced design rules. The second one is I think we're finally seeing the effect of the guys that went offline a few years ago, some of the major guys that were investing that had shifted their production over to the foundries and now we're seeing foundries finally starting to invest to essentially absorb some of that CapEx so we see the situation pretty good because of the challenges they face and I think probably favoring inspection Metrology in particular for their needs.
Rick Wallace: Sure. It's still I think early to say because most of what we've seen in the memory side has been relative to development and so I think it's really more customer-specific what kind of intensity they have than sector in particular, so there's a range across them, but I think the current way we see the market developing much the same way the foundries had to turn on and invest more heavily to get their yields up, we're seeing some of the early signs in memory that will be similar to that, but I'd say it's too early to say that thesis has been proven out. So I'd say we are where we were with foundry, say, a year ago relative to memory.
Rick Wallace: Sure, Satya. We see memory going up, I think we ended as we said about 13% and we're modeling in the 20% to 25% range for memory for the December so we do see it increasing and I think that's equally split for us the way we view it right now between NAND and Flash or NAND Flash and DRAM. So, we're seeing some exposure. I think I mentioned earlier on the question I got regarding this that it does look as though the customers are in the early stages of some of the advanced technology and we expect that they are going to hit some speed bumps relative to yield ramp and that's when we would expect to see intensity increase for the memory guys.
Rick Wallace: I'll give an initial thought and then let Mark follow-up. Incremental gross margin we're modeling 60% to 70% as we go forward. We feel good about that and we've got a lot of programs going inside to support that and I think in terms of lead times, part of this is we have seen a relatively aggressive snapback in terms of orders, what we saw last quarter and so as a result we do have some push outs and you're right, it is somewhat product dependent, and, of course, we work closely with our customers to manage their delivery requirements for that, but there is some stress in terms of getting, making shipments given the recent activity we're seeing.
Rick Wallace: I'll take a pass and then Mark wants to add to it. Singapore doesn't manufacture all our products. It's somewhat product dependent and some of the order activity we've seen we don't break out by product line, we have a mix of those products and I would say it hasn't emphasized the products that are in Singapore and so we need to see a broader based recovery really for the Singapore aspect of the operation. But I would also say we've made operational improvements in all our manufacturing sites as we've gone through this downturn so that's why we can support the incremental operating margin of 50% to 60% as we go forward which gives us higher leverage than we've had in previous cycles at the same revenue level.
Rick Wallace: Yes, Gary as you know we don't break out the product, specific products, but I can tell you that we have certainly contemplated all the new products that we've introduced as we talk about our incremental operating margin and incremental gross margin and clearly Reticle is a product that we've been counting on and have been talking about being in development for some time so it will support our 50% to 60% incremental operating margin story and our gross margin story as well.
Rick Wallace: Well, yes, I mean the rest of the business we saw increase as well so if you do the math on it you can see Reticle was up, but partly why we exceeded I think above the range is we did see increasing strength in Reticle, but also we saw just foundry-related investment associated with the ramp that's going on there.Raj Seth – Cowen & Co.: Okay, great. Thanks.
Rick Wallace: Sure, and I think we're also good at doing it last year that we should be confident in next year as well. It's really hard as you know to forecast the stuff, Stephen, so we're looking at right now our estimates for the year for 2010, when we look at the analyst estimates, the broad range of industry watchers and you guys, we're modeling in a 35% to 45% increase in CapEx for 2010, but that is obviously contingent on many factors, not the least of which is that memory returns to some kind of increased investment level because we can't get there without memory, as we said foundry and logic just wouldn't be enough to sustain that. But more important to us than specifically what the overall levels are is just how we've positioned across each one of the sectors so we probably spend more time working on that than we do worrying about absolute numbers because we've been able to respond in either direction, but historically we're pretty confident we can in this cycle as well. If it does pick up and go faster then that we'll be able to support it.
Rick Wallace: Well so you can imagine, Mahesh, that we've been working on Reticle tools and to some degree they are not all made to build based on the order so as we're bringing on new product we've been in the investment phase for our Reticle, which means building initial tools prior to necessarily having customers lined up so obviously, we have a number of tools we can ship, but yes, if you ordered a new one today then we haven't been talking then the lead time certainly takes a while to produce these tools. Does that make sense?Mahesh Sanganeria – RBC Capital Markets: Yes, that makes sense. Okay, thank you.
Rick Wallace: Sure, yes, so the first question was 2010. So if you model industry growth CapEx at 35 to 45 for calendar '10, our expectation is we would outperform that and our stated goal is to outgrow the industry by 5%. Based on all the analysis that we've done today we think that is still achievable and that's what we're shooting for. So while we don't know what the overall growth will be for the year, we do believe we're positioned to outgrow the industry. Relative to December and the guide being flat it is true we're flat. We're also flat off of a guide or performance that we're up 50% and so part of that was a phenomenon associated with the new product and the Reticle product as we broke out segments and Reticle, we had over $100 million of business. Now we don't believe that, that is a $400 million business in this current market environment so part of the effect that we had was a new product effect. So while we do see Reticle being strong we don't think it will remain at that level until we're in a full blown recovery. So we see increases in the other parts of the business that will offset getting to a more normalized level for Reticle, but the net of all that is we end up with a picture that looks like flat plus or minus on a range.
Mark Dentinger: Yes. We aren't guiding shipments, Tim. I know this has come up before, but we haven't guided it for over a year and we are not prepared to guide it today.
Mark Dentinger: Yes, well, it's not the only way we view it, Tim, but the simple way to view it is that although the debt obviously decreases the earnings power through the income statement yet if you view the debt as actually a vehicle for repurchasing your share it increases your earnings per share power through the share count. So at some level, you are making a trade-off if you just look at it that in simplistic way. But the real issue is that KLA-Tencor basically has a predictive enough earnings model and is strong enough to basically have a portion of it capital structure allocated to a less expensive form of capital, which is the debt. And if we could come through what our fiscal 2009 was and still generate almost $200 million in operating income, the logical question would be why wouldn't you have some leverage and that's certainly what we went out and did. So, the real answer to the question is, is that the debt is a cheaper form of financing than the equity.
Mark Dentinger: Oh, yes. It will certainly come under consideration, now that it appears we've cleared through the worst of the down cycle and we'll be certainly talking about that in the coming days. We've an active authorization available to go back and tap and it's probably high time we go back and examine that question.
Mark Dentinger: Sure, Kate, I think that the way I characterize the memory players is that they're all still a little bit thankful to be in a position where they're generating cash, but not confident enough yet to be adding significant capacity, so you've seen the spot prices come up, they're cash positive now, but I think being pretty conservative in terms of their investments and most of us has been focused on technology as opposed to capacity and maybe converting some of the existing capacity to new technology nodes. So I think that like everyone they're waiting to see how real these trends are, and there's some particular drivers for memory that are going to be important to watch. Two, that come to mind immediately are the new operating system just released from Microsoft does that, is that a part of a PC reinvestment cycle, and the other one is associated with NAND, is there another stimulus and driver for NAND capacity so, I think both of those things is early to call and I haven't seen a lot of discussion about new capacity investment across the memory front, as we said it's probably more conversion. In order for this to turn into a full blown recovery though we will need to see memory investing at a more healthy rate and the way we're modeling that is that doesn't happen until later in 2010.
Mark Dentinger: It's one item and an unusual phenomenon that happens to taxes, but it's not one-time. So there was one item in other income which was that we resolved a consumption tax contingency, which was in an international location that added about $16 million of favorability through the other income line. That is one-time, in a sense that it doesn't recur every quarter. In the tax line our rate was unusually low this quarter, but part of the reason that it's low right now is that the aggregate earnings aren't very big so, a small phenomenon that maybe unique to the quarter can swing it quite a bit and the phenomenon that did swing it is that the investments that are in our deferred compensation plan increased during the quarter, they are non-deductible so, as a result we got a tax break as a result. That will happen once in a while because the investments do swing up and down so although it was lower than our model rate I wouldn't describe it as one-time.
Mark Dentinger: Yes, I would just add to that that getting Singapore up to a full capacity is contemplated in both our incremental gross margin and our incremental operating margin leverage equation. It is not there yet, but it is anticipated and contemplated in those numbers.Krish Sankar – Banc of America-Merrill Lynch: Got it. Thank you.
Mark Dentinger: Gary, you're paying attention. Yes, exactly that. So I think you might know our process probably explained in the past. When bringing on a new product we can only take orders on that when we reach a certain point in our product development cycle and we have the customer agreements to support it. So there's a process we go through. Reticle having a new product introduction we did see an initial as you say very strong level of business for the Reticle side and while we expect Reticle continue to do well, the $100 million that you referred to annualized that's we won't see that level for Reticle until we're in a full blown recovery and we don't believe we're at a full blown recovery so, exactly right how you characterized it.
Mark Dentinger: Yes, well, Mary, this is Mark, as I described we actually began feathering in some of those costs this quarter. We added $8 million of expenses this quarter again relative to what we experienced in the prior quarter in contemplation that we will be adding back some variable compensation this year, but that's only a step towards what we would say would be the final destination. If this quarter we incurred about $153 million worth of operating expenses when we feathered them all back in we'll probably have a cost structure with today’s headcount levels of about $165 million which is $12 million ahead so if you want to use very loose math we're about 40% of the way to feathering everything back in.
Mark Dentinger: Yes, we work closely with our suppliers and have throughout the cycle. I think fortunate for us, we didn't go down as far as many others in our peer group so I think we're pretty well positioned to handle it, but I say that and I know our procurement group has been working awfully hard to make that true, but we feel very confident of our ability to meet the ramp that we're seeing.
Mark Dentinger: No. We should get margin leverage, but we're coming off of a margin that's about 51.5%. We would guide it up slightly and again I think if you use our stated model of incremental gross margin leverage of 60% to 70% and you pencil that out against our revenue guide, that would be a reasonable expectation for margins in the next quarter which would be, I don't know, potentially two to three percentage points up. Maybe it's the word slightly. That's still a decent improvement.
Mark Dentinger: We hope so. I mean, we've seen some good penetration in some of these markets and we think that there's a good growth but again as you know, they're coming off of relatively small numbers so on a relative basis compared with what can happen on the IC business, it's going to be hard to see it, but we do see steady growth and growth that's faster than industry average just where these new spaces are. So, yes, we do see some exciting prospects. We had some pretty good progress quarter-on-quarter, we were up pretty good in our non-semi and we anticipate another good bump in the December quarter off of non-semi.
Mark Dentinger: I think that's right. I think we're in good shape for a while, I am pleased with the position we have with the acquisitions that we've done. We're almost through all the integration of those efforts, there's still a little bit more work to do, but we're pretty pleased with our platform and we think that we've got enough growth engines to move forward and execute on our long-term strategic plans with the products that we have in house today.
