Bren Higgins: C.J., so I'll start, and we'll let Rick chime in if there's more. But I think there are a few factors as you think about KLA's performance generally as we're looking at this year. Obviously, we had a very strong 2022 from a relative point of view. And when we talk about that, we're really talking about the compares against WFE, right? Because the other industries we're in, it's less clear. But given the Semi PC compared to WFE, if you look back historically, we've always done well in down years for WFE because our customers across all our segments pull back on capacity but continue to invest in technology and their technology roadmap. So that's always a positive factor for us.  We also see PC intensity moving up because it -- where you generally see more cycling is in memory. And so given the relative PC intensity in logic and foundry, that tends to be something that's good for us as well. Relative to EUV and the dynamics around EUV, radical EUV, our optical pattern inspection business are inflecting. So that gives us incremental, I think, support in terms of growth as we expect both those businesses to be better performers relative to the overall industry, and they're big parts of KLA.  China impacts another factor, right? I think if you look at some of the peer companies and some of the export control dynamics as a percent of the total, I think they're impacting some of our peers, perhaps at a little greater degree than KLA. So I think for all those factors, we feel pretty good about our position as we think about just our performance relative to the overall market despite the strength of what we saw in 2022.  In terms of Q1 and backlog, I mean the deferred revenue hasn't really changed. We haven't had the issues that others have had in terms of having those -- the deferred revenue bloat up related to some of the supply chain challenges that were well chronicled. So that's fairly normal in terms of how we look at 2023.  The backlog did come down. We did some scrubbing related to the China export principally. So we saw some reductions there. We'll see the performance obligations come down about $1 billion overall. So some of that being the effect of the China dynamic, but also we did revenue at a level that was above the new bookings.  So not a lot, and there's still a significant amount of backlog, and I think that we'll see that play through as we move forward here. So some of that is tied to -- longer term, to facility projects out beyond 12 months. 45% to 55% of our backlog is for delivery outside the 12-month window. So hopefully, that gives you a little bit of color on the overall and our expectations for '23. 
Bren Higgins: Yes, I think we could stay above 60%. Look, there could always be quarter-to-quarter dynamics in a given quarter depending on the mix of the business that could drive us beneath that level, but our expectation is that for the year, we'll be better than that overall.  I would expect, and as we said over the course of last quarter, that we thought that Q1 was likely the higher quarter in the year and that we would see a drifting down in terms of the run rate. And just to make the math work, you would see a lower second half than the first half. So I think we'll likely stay north of a couple of billion in terms of revenue levels, and we should be able to hold 60% in terms of a run rate from a gross margin point of view. 
Bren Higgins: I think my statements earlier were more -- were KLA-centric, but I don't think we're going to deviate that much from overall WFE. Obviously, that gets into the other businesses and markets that we don't participate in. But generally, I would expect that we're at a higher run rate, a WFE run rate in the first part of this year than we are in the second. So yes, I would think that it's probably down. I don't know how much it's down, but it's probably lower in the second half than the first half. 
Bren Higgins: Yes. If 7-nanometer capacity demand falls off, right, and we don't expect to impact, you would expect to see wafer starts maybe come down at that node, most of the investment we expect to see is at the more advanced nodes. Customers are always looking to optimize the productivity of their capacity. Depending on their views, it could be temporary, in which case they'll idle some of that capacity or run it at a lower utilization rate.  And then if in the longer run, they feel like they can move it, they'll try to move it. They do have the technical challenges though that if you were to move from 7 nanometer to 5 nanometer, you have the introduction of EUV from node to node. So the technical challenges of trying to reuse that capacity is much more difficult in this environment than it was, let's say, 10 years ago. 
Bren Higgins: Yes. Yes, you're right. We do have some puts and takes. But if you look at the -- and just for some history, right, if you look at our service business overall as it relates to Semi process control, we've only had 1 down year going back at least the last 20, maybe 25 years, and that was in 2009, where we're facing an extremely challenging macroeconomic environment. So you're right that when things slow down, particularly in memory, as an example, customers will scale back in terms of the utilization of their equipment. But we still have a lot of equipment that's coming off of warranty that's going into contract that's been shipped over the last few years. Customers continue to run the installed base typically to support, even if they're not investing in new capability. EPC is a little more transactional, and I would expect EPC service to be flatter year-to-year. So I don't think we're going to grow like we did this year, where we grew 15%. But I would expect to see a mid- to high single-digit growth rate in services overall.  So I think when you look at our overall business, and we talked about Semi PC growing roughly in line overall with the market, maybe a little better than that. Service is growing mid- to high single digits. And I think EPC systems is going to be somewhere in less than -- have a decline, but a decline that's less than what we're seeing on the WFE side. So -- because we have had a weaker '22, that business is much closer to consumers. And so I think they entered into some of the more challenging environment a little bit sooner, but that's how we're thinking about the overall. 
Bren Higgins: Yes, Vivek, it's a good question. Not much has changed, frankly, in terms of how we've looked at it. Obviously, we had the strength of Q4, which contributes to the marginal weakness in the March quarter, where we had $184 million in incremental revenue above the midpoint in December. And so that clearly came out of the March quarter. So that puts a little bit of pressure on the March quarter. But as we look at the overall year, it generally looks very similar to what we had 3 months ago. So I don't think that much is different. It feels pretty consistent. 
Bren Higgins: Yes, Vivek, I'm not going to guide each of the quarters. It feels today like things are stronger likely in the first half. There are some investments at the very end of the year that could cause the December quarter to be stronger depending on the timing of the fab construction. And so there are some things in -- I'll call it, in Q4 that could swing the quarter-to-quarter one way or the other. But as I said earlier, I think that the second half is likely lower than the first half, and I'll stick with that for now. 
Bren Higgins: So we're going to report -- we'll likely file our Q sometime in the next day or so, so you'll have the specifics on it. But your math is about right. It's a little bit higher than that, and we'd still expect 45% to 55% beyond 12 months. And as I said, some of the adjustments that were made were related to some more clarity around China export restrictions, so that was a factor in some of our adjustments.  I think as we progress through the year, look, we'll see how the order flow plays out over time. But -- and there's still work to be done in terms of whether we are able to continue to get some licenses that we're still working through in some time. That could have an effect as well. But I don't expect to see -- I think it's going to level off. I don't expect to see it come down all that much. I think it'll level off as we move forward over the course of the year. But look, things can change, and that's the best visibility I have today. 
Bren Higgins: I would have to -- yes, you're right. I mean, it's lower than it has been for a few years. I don't know if it was lower in any given quarter back, let's say, in late 2018 or early 2019 in that time frame. I'd have to look. But it's certainly, as a percent of the total, as low as it's been for some time. 
Bren Higgins: Sidney, it's a great question, and you're absolutely right. It pulled in into the December quarter. When we started the quarter, we had risked out some of the… 
Bren Higgins: So Sidney, let me just start again. Your question was about just the quarter-to-quarter changes. And you're absolutely right that we did see the strength in Q4, and that was a pull forward from the March quarter.  As we were looking at the business back in October, we had some systems where we were dealing with some supply chain issues, particularly as it relates to broadband plasma and reticle inspection products. As we work through the quarter, we were able to work with those suppliers, get the parts we needed, run through our qualification processes and complete those tools.  Customers, given the demand and balance we've been dealing with for some time on these products, our ability to supply relative to where demand is, we're more than willing to take the products when we had them finished. So when you add the 2 quarters together, the number is basically the same. And our view here is, is we're going to keep the line moving, particularly as it relates to getting these systems out the door to meet customer requirements. And so we finished them, and we shipped them at the end of the quarter. 
Bren Higgins: Yes. I think the gross margin guidance we gave earlier stands for itself and reflects some of the actions that we're taking just to deal with. One of the challenges in our factories is we're coming off, which drove our inventory issue that we had this quarter as well as we're coming off pretty high growth expectations in a pretty short period of time.  It wasn't that long ago when people were talking about $100 billion of WFE this year and $105 billion or more into '23, so $100 billion in '22. And so there's been about $30 billion plus of WFE that's come out in a relatively short period of time. That had an effect on some of the buying that we've done to drive our supply chain the way that we have. But also, it will have to deal with some of the underutilization of the factory resources that were put in place to support higher volume levels.  But the guidance I gave in terms of gross margin reflects those actions and what we plan to do. I would think that by the end of the year, we'll probably be looking at a quarterly run rate based on how we're running the business today. And our expectations for top line, somewhere in that, I'll say, somewhere around $530 million to $535 million. So we'll see it trend down as we go according to each quarter, more or less. And depending on how we see the top line evolving, not only as we look at the second half of the year, but as you start to look at '24 and size '24, then we'll come to a determination whether that is appropriate level for us to be at or whether we need to do more or less from there. 
Bren Higgins: Yes. Most of the logic investment has been at the legacy nodes. The other thing that gives us some confidence about '23 that I had mentioned in the earlier answer was the infrastructure investment that's happening in China for mask investment, mask infrastructure and for wafer infrastructure, which is parts of WFE that we're exposed to that some of our peers are. So when I look at the overall, inclusive for KLA, inclusive of what we expect in export restriction, which hasn't changed from what we talked about a quarter ago, I think overall, we'll see our business in China likely decline less than the overall WFE. 
Bren Higgins: Yes. So your first question about margin, and of course, we don't guide the individual segments. But your assumption of where we are in March is about right. Obviously, we're going to manage the whole company to the top-level numbers that we provided and not necessarily focus on the individual pieces. The drop-off that you -- and again, I'm not going to get into each of the quarters from a guidance point of view, but that would imply a fairly low number and then imply that I think that we would drop off more than overall WFE, current WFE expectations, which are down about 20% overall. So it's hard to say how much happens when. But 1.1 feels like a pretty low number. 
Bren Higgins: Yes, Krish, we did share the market move in 2021, right, from below 6 percentile to the high 7 percentile. And so that clearly was driven by, not just the technology transition that we talked a lot about, but also higher exposure to capacity opportunities. And we talked about this at Investor Day that with scaling with a more robust design environment, less reuse overall and more process flows, that our customers were investing more in capacity from KLA in capacity environments because they're managing each design, test design rules in different ways, different process flows as [ there's ] a change in complexity into the fab. And for all those reasons, we were seeing more adoption of process control in what we'll call a more mature state in the fab.  So obviously, that's the part that falls off as customers adjust those capacity plans. But to Rick's point, most of our leverage is in the development area, and it has the fab scales. And so that's why we feel pretty good about dynamics driving our relative performance this year and a continuation of the SAM expansion that we've seen over the last couple of years. 
Bren Higgins: And you're seeing demand rise in the legacy parts of the market, and that's been good for, not only the service business and extending useful life, but we're also restarting older generation tools. It's allowing us to extend the life of existing platforms that we're selling. Some of our challenges around supply chain has been restarting some of those older generation tools to meet those demands.  So I think it's a reflection of, at least, to Rick's point in how it affects equipment overall, reflection of the strength of some of those markets and those opportunities. The good thing is as we are able to sell those tools, the incremental R&D to support those markets is fairly low. And so it creates a nice vector, not only of growth for us, but also growth in our profitability and leverage in our model. 
Bren Higgins: Yes. So no change to what we talked about last quarter overall. We talked about a range of $500 million to $900 million across the business in terms of its impact to 2023, and so I don't have an update to that or a different view at this point. We'll see as we go, active engagement. 
Richard Wallace: And C.J., maybe just to add one thought. When we laid out our investor plan for '26, at the time we did that, we actually anticipated that there would be a contraction between '22 and '26. We obviously didn't know when, but we felt that, that was going to happen. And our assumptions for that model were based on our percent of WFE, which, as you know, is a combination of the process control intensity in our share. We don't see any degradation of that in '23 based on what we see. So we see holding percent of WFE or maybe continuing to make progress. So we still feel pretty good about the trajectory that we laid out in '26. And even though there will be -- these puts and takes based on projects that come and go, I think we feel pretty good, and we don't think '23 will be a problem relative to that longer-term plan. 
Richard Wallace: I think that it's much more -- it's baked into our assumptions on the overall reduction in WFE that they're going to be shifting. But I don't think the mix between our products is really going to change for that period if you think about where logic is positioned. The other thing, and Bren mentioned, as you know, as EUV gets increasingly adopted, even if it's at lower capacity, we'll see more demand for print check and in reticle in general. So the strength of those businesses, we think, continues on a relative basis, albeit in a declining overall market for some period of time. But those are product lines that right now, we don't -- we're still supply-constrained in terms of our ability to support customer needs on those products. 
Richard Wallace: And the other factor, Harlan, when you consider our business, our service is pure service, as we talked about. And also it's really not about consumables. So from the standpoint, their capacity goes down, some of the consumable related service business will go down as a result. Ours, because of the nature of what we do, and often, even if customers are constraining capacity, they're trying to optimize yield, and so that's why I think our service fares pretty well in this kind of environment. 
Richard Wallace: Well, I think you're right in some regards. And certainly, when it comes to technology transitions, a lot of what's driving the metrology is related to those tech transitions such as [ data ] all around, right? The work that's going on there is driving it. But there is a part of that business that's tied to capacity. So that's really puts and takes inside of that business. So it's not entirely just related to the tech.  And again, when you look at the overall market growth in the different segments, our view of lithography as part of WFE is a little different than what was stated maybe overall because of the deferred revenue component of that. So again, I think KLA is going to do well as we go forward in '23. And the metrology, as it pertains to technology advancement development, will be strong. And both in -- as both metrology and overlay related as companies, our customers try to advance in terms of the tech nodes that have a lot of challenges in those 2 areas. 
Richard Wallace: Well, I guess, yes, it's kind of similar to what we said. But at the time, it wasn't what a lot of customers were saying yet, right? So at that time, there hadn't been as many announcements for CapEx reductions. So we kind of forecast that, that was going to happen. And so with that kind of the news, it kind of got to this point where we're about where we said. That wasn't the case when we first viewed what was probably going to be a correction in '23. So I would say it's kind of landed where we thought, but there was a fair amount of news in getting there as people said they're going to cut their CapEx. 
Richard Wallace: I'm expecting it to be pretty broad. And look, it'll vary by customer. And as you know, it's not our strongest market in terms of overall exposure, and we tend to be more focused on the technical part, right, technology roadmaps, less so than capacity. So when we look at it, I think it's pretty broad across all our customers, but varies according to some of them, right? I don't think they're all completely consistent. 
Richard Wallace: Yes. I mean, I think it is the case, the process control, our business, in particular, is tied both to capacity, but also to tech transitions, and it's certainly not just a tech transition. So I think you'll see the people that are more tied to capacity coming down more in this environment, and people that are tied more to pure tech holding up, and we're kind of in the middle of those 2. Obviously, we have capacity businesses as they relate to, say, metrology that gets added as you add wafer starts. But the work that's going on in reticle and in advanced patterning inspections will be related much more to the Gen 4/Gen 5 stuff, which won't see as much of a decline.  So I think we're kind of -- we're more -- we have some more upside to capacity than maybe we did years ago. But we have -- at this point, certainly, a large part of our business is associated with technology transfers, and there's more transfers happening now than there have been in quite a while because the DRAM guys, memory is -- as low as their level of investment is in capacity, as in none, they're still driving technology transitions. And we know there are multiple players now in logic trying to move forward on that.  So I'd say it's a balanced approach, which is why we think we'll outperform this year, but not -- we're not going to hold flat relative to that because we definitely had some capacity components. So no, I don't say that we're immune to it, but I think we're less sensitive than pure capacity plays. 
Richard Wallace: So the actual useful life of equipment has been going up for years, and we showed that in some of our service work. Part of why our service business is growing is because the life extends well beyond the typical -- the historical view of that. So I don't think that this is anything other than some recognition. There are different practices around the world with how customers choose to amortize or depreciate their equipment. So no, it has no effect.  I think we're back to the same conversation about what drives reuse and what drives the next generation has to do with node migration and the ability for customers to -- in the case when they -- what we've seen a lot of now is filling in of the nodes that historically might have been just moved forward. So no, no change in a long-term view based on that decision by one customer. 
