Bren Higgins: Yes, Tim. As we roll it up. I mean, I think, as I said at the end of last quarter, I think that business shifts into the first half. I think, right now, we expect it to book in March. But as I had indicated in the past, I think there is some fluidity to this particular order because the delivery date is further out. So right now, our expectations are that we'll see this business book. But, obviously, there's an extra element of risk with it. And I think because of the size of the ASPs associated with this particular quarter, it is something that has driven our views on, perhaps, maybe a wider range may be appropriate. This, coupled with just general customer concentration, overall, large orders. So that's how we're thinking about it today.
Bren Higgins: Well, I think, on the nearer term -- I think, as we mentioned in the prepared remarks -- in December, we did see a little bit of weakness which we've really attributed more to timing related to non-leading edge foundry and, at the leading edge, some adjustments to some capacity planning. So on the whole, relative to 3 months ago, I think our view is slightly weaker, as I had said. I think in terms of how we're thinking about 2014, we feel pretty confident. It's always hard to say how or where it's going to land from an order and shipment perspective. But in terms of our overall views on the remainder of the year, we still believe that we're looking at somewhere around plus 10%. And as you said, I think as you see more input from customers, in terms of their discussions about next year's planning, I think overall, from a year perspective, we feel pretty good about that forecast today.
Bren Higgins: Yes, Krish, it's Bren. I'll go ahead and start. So NAND as a percent of the memory mix is 40%. So 60-40 DRAM to NAND in the March quarter. We've had 4 pretty good quarters from a memory mix perspective and so we think that March is a little bit lower. To my point in the prepared remarks, as most of the orders came in, in the second half, mostly in the September quarter related to the significant project in China. And so those tools shipped in the December quarter and those tools are being installed today. There will be a second phase and we think it's a big part of what happens in 2014. That second phase happens some time midyear and into the fall in terms of timing of deliveries. So that's what we're planning today. And no indications that things are not on track there and we're pretty happy with what we're seeing in terms of the installations and the new tools going in.
Bren Higgins: Jack, this is Bren. So I think, in terms of weighting, I'm not really ready to call that yet. I think the biggest wildcard in that is, at least from an order perspective, will be timing related to some significant projects that are going to happen in that sort of midyear to fall time frame. But we mentioned the memory project earlier. There are a couple significant projects on the foundry logic side as well. I think the deliveries are fairly firm on those projects in the second half of the year or so. And I think the timing of those, the order placement, I think, is one question in terms of whether the first half of the year is stronger or weaker than the second half. So we'll see how that goes in terms of timing. In terms of mix, overall, I think foundry and logic probably grows in line with market about 10% or so. We think NAND flash is probably up somewhere between 10% and 15%. And we're a little bit more cautious on DRAM just because historically, there's just been more volatility there. So there's some growth there but off a low base. So that's how we're thinking about it. And I think when you think about the overall mix, you probably end up with foundry and logic somewhere around 60% to 65%, the memory 35% to 40%, in terms of how we're thinking about it today.
Bren Higgins: Yes, so Terence, I think that from an EUV perspective, we've been essentially investing in early development activity, technological feasibility work. And so we continue to do that obviously, having the ability to continue to progress here and maintain some optionality around this. It's important for us. But I don't expect inflection on spending, and that's why I feel pretty comfortable with the guidance around our OpEx sort of flattening out here at this level over the next several quarters.
Bren Higgins: Well, as I said, I mean, I think that it is a bit of a wide range because we're not exactly sure how the reticle inspection business sort of ends up here at the end of the quarter. I mean, as I said earlier, there has been a little bit of weakness on the foundry and logic side of things over the December quarter and into March in terms of timing around some of the non-leading-edge activity. And I think some rational, not with the rationalization, but some digestion, if you will, around some of the wafer start plans for particular customers on the leading edge. So we think that, that resolves itself. It's mostly about timing. And I think, as I said earlier, I mean, fluctuations quarter-to-quarter here in our order profile, given the size of the orders, the number of customers, the big ASPs and so on, can cause a little bit of volatility there. I don't think the order number is as a cyclical indicator, perhaps, as it used to be, as the industry has changed. As we look at calendar '14, we continue to believe, consistent with the revenue guidance for the March quarter, that we're operating at $800 million to $850 million range from a revenue perspective. We'll see some fluctuations in orders, to a larger extent in shipment. But that's how we see the year and that's how we're sizing the company to support the dynamics they're having in the industry.
Bren Higgins: No, I think given just timing in terms of where deliveries are lining up, it's driving a lower number than you would expect in the March quarter. And I think, as we move into June, we'll see that, that ramp pick -- we'll see a ramp in shipments in June, which is why I put that color into the prepared remarks. So I think that's consistent with general views around the current views of the range in the midpoint to be able to make that happen. Obviously, if you were to come in the extreme low end of the range or below that and then perhaps those plans would change. But given our backlog and the lead time we get from customers, we feel pretty good about how those quarters are shaking out.
Bren Higgins: Also I'm not guiding the June quarter shipments. I was just giving some color on our expectations about the range. When we get there, we'll actually provide a number. But as I look at the build plans today and the timing of some of these shipments, I would have expected, given our expectations for the quarter, that shipments would have been a little bit higher this quarter. But as I said it was all about where delivery timing is set up. So as I look at the June quarter, given our expectations for orders in the next 6 months, plus our backlog position, I was comfortable with providing the color statement that I gave around $800 million to $850 million range. So that's how we're thinking about it. And we'll see -- around those reticle inspection shipments, we'll see where those ultimately end up landing from an order perspective. And as I said earlier, that's why we're -- I've expanded the range to see how -- to deal with that potential risk.
Bren Higgins: Yes. As I said earlier, I think it's hard to say in terms of the timing of that business midyear. And I think I mentioned one significant memory project. The others were foundry and logic projects that are out there in that time frame. So we'll just have to see, from a timing perspective, where they land. I mean, one situation that we do deal with today is we do get less lead time than we used to get historically, so in terms of order to shipment. So there is some fluidity, if you will, in terms of the timing. But in terms of how we're lining up the rest of the year, we see ourselves operating in this range of $800 million to $850 million and orders could come in above that level, orders could come a little bit below that level in the 12-month or 12-week cycle. But at the end of the day, we think we're going to -- we're operating at that level.
Bren Higgins: Yes. So gross margins in the December quarter were stronger than expected and our product mix was a little bit richer than what we thought it would be in the October quarter or at the October call. So we're higher in wafer inspection. Obviously, it has higher gross margin and so that was a part of that as well as higher-end reticle inspection as well. As I look into the March quarter, I mean, we are benefiting. And then, of course, I think also in the December quarter, efficiencies in manufacturing were favorable to our planning. So we had a very strong incremental gross margin in March outperforming -- or in December outperforming our model, 60% to 70% incremental gross margin model. We'll underperform it a little bit in the March quarter as the mix is less favorable. But I think when you think about it, over the 6-month time frame, I think the incremental gross margins are high 60s, 68%, 69%. So a little bit of volatility driven by some of the dynamics I mentioned earlier. So it depends what you're shipping and as those tools revenue that drives gross margin. We do have, obviously, a number of products in the company and they all have different margin profiles. So mix is probably a bigger factor for us than it is for some of our peers.
Bren Higgins: Well, it's about -- yes, that was what we said in December. That the customers had split their delivery date, and it -- because they split the delivery date, they split the PO placements. So those delivery dates slipped into the first half of 2015. And as a result, the orders will slip into the first half of this year. So we're planning for them. But I'm always a little cautious. Once you've had one move and a point -- there is some fluidity around those plans. And perhaps, one slips into June. And it -- and then which is why we wanted to set the order guidance the way we did in terms of the range. Because at $30 million, you can have a sales impact on, and you'll end up the course [indiscernible].
Bren Higgins: The issue will come is if everybody else, when they're -- the whole industry struggles on the FinFET technology, what does that do overall, does that push everything? And that's gotten a lot of people's attention, the challenges associated with FinFET.
Richard P. Wallace: Sure. I think that the timing has moved out, from my perspective, especially for high-volume manufacturing. And the insertion point at 10 nanometers, I think, is now pushed to 7. Although there still could be a couple areas at 10. But one of the indications we have was the industry's need for an at-wavelength reticle tool. We have seen that push out. Because -- well, the feedback we get from customers is they believe they can make do with what they have in terms of using our 6xx because it's relatively low volume. And it's all about the economics. EUV remains too slow to be put into production on an economic base. So there's a lot of work to do to get the source up, to get the throughput up. But right now, what we're getting from customers is double patterning is more and more the plan of record as they go to 10 nanometers, and that puts EUV and high HBM more at the 7-nanometer node. And that's how we're currently planning.
Richard P. Wallace: And the other part of your question, I think, talked about other players. We do see other players coming in, in '14, probably toward the later part of '14, for 3D, and maybe 1 or 2 more players in that time frame, depending on how technology development goes for them. But I do think it will be a competitive market if you view out 12 months from now. My estimation is there'll probably be 3 players with that capability and development and ramping.
Richard P. Wallace: Well, we did it with steady-state, the steady-state assumption about process control intensity. So it depends how much they're investing in the node obviously. But we had the increase, we had the logic foundry at 2x being 17% going to 18.4%. So not quite a 10% increase in the sam [ph] just from that node transition. But as you know, it depends on where you are in the ramp, it depends on which particular players and what kind of challenges they're facing. But I think, overall, we're continuing to see that kind of pressure, driven largely, of course, by the FinFET challenges with yield, but also the multi-patterning that's more prevalent once you go to the 1x, given the current lithography options people have.
Richard P. Wallace: Well, we -- when we look at the market share data over the last several years, in spite of a lot of claims that people have made they're gaining share, we actually feel pretty good about our position and don't really see much evidence of share loss. In fact, in some of our most important segments, we've actually moved ahead. And some of our products it's actually quite hard to measure share. For example, our broadband plasma, there's really not another broadband plasma tool. There are laser-scanning tools, but they compete with our laser scanning where we have a pretty good position. So -- and that -- as I -- if I look out -- I look back and I look forward, I don't see a lot of change in the share position. I do see some potential going forward for some gains on our side. But I don't really -- right now, we've not been experiencing any real significant challenges that make me change our view of our share position. There are always bumps in the road as there have been in the past in certain segments at certain times. But in aggregate, we feel very good about our position and confident we can maintain it going forward.
Richard P. Wallace: Sure, Terence. We laid out in SEMICON West we're sticking with the analysis we did, which had, just to remind people, 4x node at about 8.8% capital intensity. As compared to logic and foundry, by the way, it's 15.8%. So significantly less but still increasing, 2x going to 9.3%, and then 1x going to 10.2%. But the other way you can think about 1x is being V-NAND being equivalent even though that's not technically a 1x node. In fact, it goes backwards in terms of lithography technology. But it is increased in overall opportunity for us. And since we laid that out, and we had that model before we laid it out, we've seen market behavior pretty much in order with that dynamic of what we've forecasted of about a 10% increase from the 4x, the 2x node and then another, not quite 10%, but on that order, increase as we go to the V-NAND node.
Richard P. Wallace: It will certainly change our ramping up of our investment. We will maintain core technology and continue to invest. But it -- there have been different scenarios in which we would have ramped that investment over the next couple of years. And what we talked about at SEMICON West was doing that in conjunction and partnership with our key customers to be able to support that ramp. We don't believe that, that's as eminent as people believed it was 9 months ago based on the delays and productivity gains on the scanner. So we will continue to invest, but it'll be at -- we won't see a ramp as we had forecasted going forward. But again, that was going to be shared with customers. So Bren can speak to the implication that has to the overall model. But in general, we won't be ramping our investment as soon as we originally planned.
Richard P. Wallace: Yes. I'd also just add to that. I think what we saw in September was uncharacteristically strong for that part of the cycle. Typically, September, we don't have enough quarter like that. And I think, in effect, what we had was some pull-in to the September quarter from December and then we did actually have a little pushout from September -- from December into March. But to Bren's point, when we aggregate it and we look out, it's still pretty much falling in line with what we believed would happen if you integrate it over time. And I think, as we look out for '14, that's pretty consistent with our view as well.
Richard P. Wallace: And also, Mehdi, the other thing is on those -- on that bookings, to some degree, the bookings we're talking about that have been in question, some of the reticle bookings, wouldn't ship in June anyway, right? So that's more a part of the -- what it would look like in terms of where we are in that range. And that's part of the wildcard and the wide range for the quarter.
Richard P. Wallace: Great question. I think there's 2 elements. One, our share has definitely increased in memory. We've focused on that a few years ago. It didn't show up because there wasn't a lot of memory activity and so when finally the memory guys started spending, we benefited from that trend. The other thing is that the process control intensity has increased with the new design roles. And lastly, I think that the memory manufacturers have recognized the value of getting memory process control capability early in the ramp or for technology development. So part of what we're seeing is accelerated demand earlier in the cycle. I think it does normalize over time to the process control intensity we talked about at SEMICON West. So in some ways, we'll get -- we'll benefit very early in the ramp. There's also some technology catch-up. There were people that were doing investments were on hold for a while, I think, while they were integrating acquisitions and so on. And once they got focused again on manufacturing at new nodes, they invested. So I think it's a combination of those 3 factors: increased share, increased investment, process control intensity and timing of where they are in the cycle.
Richard P. Wallace: Not much. I mean, we're not counting on advanced packaging for calendar '14 to significantly contribute. We do have some investigations developments there. But we're not -- that's not in our baseline for what we're seeing out for the rest of this year.
Richard P. Wallace: Well, we have some plan and I do think there are -- if you look out a couple of years, there's probably $100 million or so of opportunity on an annualized basis for us there but we're not seeing that today. We're seeing maybe part of that and so I do think there's some growth opportunity. But it's -- it would be high growth rate just off of a reasonably small base.
Richard P. Wallace: I think there's a couple of things. One, there's -- certainly, not everybody is delaying. So I think it's more -- the leaders are still going and then there's there some delay behind. And I think the delays tend to be around a combination of factors. One is getting the process right, so the yield is there so they can ramp. The other one is I do think there is a bit of churn going on based on some management changes in some of the foundries. And I think that's creating, at least, a pause, as people are regrouping and trying to figure out different kind of partnership strategies and who might be doing what for whom.
Richard P. Wallace: Well, we said, just to clarify, $500 million we thought was the total cost and we were looking to share that. So not $500 million from them but $500 million in total. The response was there was a lot of interest last summer and earlier last year. But it was all contingent on people feeling like the insertion point was going to be as planned. I think every one of the major partners we talked to indicated their belief that the insertion was delaying and, therefore, their urgency waned quite a bit. So they're all very interested. Many have said, not just the overall companies, but individuals, that they think it's a must because the need for pellicles is becoming clear on EUV. The challenge with the need for pellicles is -- the need for pellicles also means more power is needed because the pellicle actually consumes some of the power. But it does drive the market to need an actinic tool in high-volume manufacturing. But the biggest issue is the perceived delay in the timing of that high volume. So interest, but not yet at the point of us securing funding where that looked [ph]. I'd say much more promising if I go back 9 months in terms of it being a near term. And we're in agreement with our customers that we don't want to be investing in a capability that they don't need because jointly there are great, high-return projects we could do. And so instead, we're focusing our efforts on supporting the multi-patterning challenges that people are going to face as the alternative to EUV.
Richard P. Wallace: I think it is. I -- not -- probably not quarter-to-quarter, just the way the orders tend to come in kind of lumpy that way. But what's driving it is really 3D structures, both in memory, but also in logic. That and finally having capability to meet the needs. It's a very tough technical challenge, and it's taken our team who has done incredible work -- it takes a lot of work to get to having solutions that are robust enough to work in production. But we've made a lot of progress and I think we're seeing the benefit from that. And as we forecast going forward, I think it's a -- it's not a technically a share opportunity in the sense that we have a large share. I think it's a share opportunity in terms of against the alternatives, which historically, CD SEMs have been the primary use for -- primarily used for CD measurement. But I think the optical has a lot of capability, especially when you're dealing with the 3D structures.
Richard P. Wallace: Yes, I don't think there's much difference actually. There's, I guess, probably, I'd say, maybe a little metrology bias because overlay becomes a bigger challenge. I do think that the 3D inspection challenge is pretty significant as well. But I think probably, it's a little biased toward metrology. But I wouldn't say by a lot. I don't have the data in front of me. But my gut says it's probably a little more metrology focused, although we had success with inspection. I mean, one of the big challenges people had and their fears, and I think we're not out of the woods yet because nobody's really ramped in production on it, was trying to figure out how, once you identify defects, you can deal with them because they're going to be varied and what is the -- how do you determine the root cause and then fix it. And we've got some clever inspection technology, as well as metrology and technology, to be able to penetrate those layers. But there's still this issue of fixing and moving forward. But overall, if I'd have to tip it, I'd tip it a little more toward the metrology side.
Richard P. Wallace: Wow, it's a good question. I don't have a great answer. I guess I would say foundry because I think there is -- foundry can be driven like -- I guess both can be driven by this opportunity for share gain. But foundry, in particular, I think there's a lot of dynamics around that and I do think the fabless companies would like to be able to have alternatives. And so if you have success of the advanced nodes at multiple foundries, I think you could see investment tracking that. Memory guys, I think, are going to have to prove out 2 things. One, the DRAM technologies. And we know that, overall, they're not as capital-intensive as the foundries would be. And then 3D, I think, you could have the followers to the leader come in. But I'd say, again, if I had to bias it, I'd say probably a little more toward the foundry and logic phase toward the end of the year.
Richard P. Wallace: 2017, 2018 is what we'd said we'd have a production tool had we gone and followed the investment plan. So I think we're looking closer toward 2020 based on what I anticipate a massive -- a one-node essentially shift toward HBM. Now we do have capability in our 6xx, and I think customers will utilize that for the relatively small volume. But I would say that the HBM that's going to require actinic reticle is pushed out.
Richard P. Wallace: Low volume. And I think what will happen is there's going to be a number of EUV scanners out there that are already -- people are committed to getting. There's a number, they're going to want to use. And once they're out there, they're going to want to try what they can to get in some production. But they're relatively low throughput. So they're going to get a couple of layers. On their own, economically, they wouldn't have probably passed. But since they're already out there, they're going to get used. But there's not going to be a massive ecosystem development to support that. That's what I'm talking about. That's the HBM stuff. So it's not inconsistent with the idea that there's going to be a number of scanners out there. They're just not going to be doing a lot of layers on them.
Richard P. Wallace: Yes, I'll jump in on that. I don't think it's a big trend. I think it's -- we're talking about the timing and I think they're -- they do have capability to handle some of the development with the existing tool. And this is to get to higher volume. So I think -- and Bren's point, it's a 3- to 6-month kind of delay. And these are people that were ahead. So I don't know that it's an industry issue.
