Bev Fleming: Thank you, Zack. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Northern Trust Corporation’s First Quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Joining me on our call this morning are Biff Bowman, our Chief Financial Officer; Jane Karpinski, our Controller; Mark Bette, our incoming Director of Investor Relations; and Kelly Mullen from our Investor Relations team. For those of you who did not receive our first quarter earnings press release and financial trends report by e-mail this morning, they are both available on our website at northerntrust.com. Also on our website, you will find our quarterly earnings review presentation, which we will use to guide today’s conference call. This April 19th call is being webcast live on northerntrust.com. The only authorized rebroadcast of this call is a replay that will be available on our website through May 17th. Northern Trust disclaims any continuing accuracy of the information provided in this call after today. Now for our Safe Harbor statement, what we say during today’s conference call may include forward looking statements, which are Northern Trust’s current estimates and expectations of future events or future results. Actual results of course could differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements because the realization of those results is subject to many risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. I urge you to read our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K and other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for detailed information about factors that could affect actual results. During today’s question-and-answer session, please limit your initial query to one question and one related follow-up. This will allow us to move through the queue and enable as many people as possible the opportunity to ask questions as time permits. Thank you again for joining us today. Let me turn the call over to Biff Bowman.
Bev Fleming: And as it is – this is Bev. Those numbers will be disclosed in our 10-Q, so I would ask you to refer to that. There’s a table in the 10-Q that will provide you some of that information and that’s probably the best way to get the exact figures that you are looking for.
Bev Fleming: And, Ken, another way to think about that is the fees on the funds for the retail fund family, 35 basis points for the institutional fund family, 22 basis points. So I think that should help to answer your question.
Biff Bowman: Yes. I’ll take the first part of that on outside services in terms of normalizing. The regulatory environment still remains robust and we need to continue to make investment in that, but we will continue to get feedback from the regulators as our CCAR was submitted last week, April 5, and as we sense that. But there are other line items inside and outside services that I think we demonstrated control of in the quarter, and those include, I would say non-regulatory consulting spend, legal spend, and other items inside of that category that I think we demonstrated good discipline during the quarter. So I’m hesitant to tell you where that run rate will go. But I think the vigilance around the most controllable items inside of that we remain steadfast on. The second part of your question was around…
Biff Bowman: Occupancy expense in the quarter. From an any given quarter, we could have certain leases that we need to advance the accounting work, make changes to the accounting that could move it by a modest amount in this quarter. Certain leases in Europe were adjusted. But the – that’s essentially what we did in the quarter.
Biff Bowman: So seasonally we do have, as we said in the script, we have certain equity expense that relates to the vesting of retirement eligible individuals that is a first quarter seasonal expense that we experienced to deal with our retirement eligible employees option expense for them.
Biff Bowman: Let me take the second part of your question first. Alternative investments really remain a strategic priority for Northern and 50 South Capital, our alternative arm. I don’t really have anything to offer beyond what was announced in the press release after consideration from all parties we mutually agreed to terminate the agreement. In terms of the second part of yours was the FSOC on certain data requirements for mutual funds. I think can we get back to you on that question? Bev and I will and Mark will follow-up with you Adam on that one.
Biff Bowman: So our general philosophy on growth has been to do it through organic means. However, when opportunities to either fill a product gap, a geographic gap, a technological gap, or a regional gap, as I said our geographic gap, as I said, we will be opportunistic in those, but we really fundamentally still have an organic growth bias. And so in this space, discussions with Aurora were based on filling client and product needs, and we will continue to look at the strategies I laid out for you.
Biff Bowman: Okay. The premium amortization as we described in the quarter, it was up sequentially from the fourth quarter. I think it was $6 million in the quarter. We have discussed in the past that amortization is typically $9 million to $10 million in a quarter. It can move so it was slightly better than the normal run rate, but in the fourth quarter of 2015, we actually experienced kind of a low at only $1 million of premium amortization. So sequentially, it actually hurt the returns. On a year-over-year basis, it actually helped by a small amount, actually a modest amount. So that’s a little bit of color on premium amortization. In terms of what we’re buying and the improvement in the security portfolio, first of all, I would say the – we benefited from the rate move in the portfolio. We did at about -- you could see about a $1 billion of treasury securities. Those were largely five- to seven-year duration purchases, but swapped back to something closer to three months. So the duration in the portfolio was really not extended, but we were able to get some enhanced feel there. We did have a small portion of that billion that we went out a little longer in duration. So the overall duration of the index duration of the portfolio only increased modestly.
Biff Bowman: So I’ll take the second part of the question first. The ending balance sheet is just traditional quarter end balance sheet maintenance that can happen. It can move, as you know on March 31 or any quarter end period based on client activity, et cetera. So I would say there was nothing unusual about that movement from our perspective. In terms of the NIM and the expansion or potential expansion of the NIM, two components that I want to address there. First is, you have to remember that approximately half of our balance sheet is in foreign office time deposits. And in some of those places, we’re experiencing negative spreads and others where that compression is not impacted by necessarily by treasury rates. In the U.S., two things to consider there. If there are no further rate hikes, many of our assets repriced in the first three months of this year or since the rate hike, but there are still some repricing opportunities left inside of that portfolio, remember, it’s of a short duration. So there is some benefit in there. So I would say, we’re going to wait and see how that plays out. But to-date, as you rightly saw in the NIM, the data has been relatively close to zero and the assets have been able to reprice, so we’ve been able to capture that 11 basis point increase in the NIM.
Biff Bowman: Yes. The – we did get a majority of the waivers back with the first hike. And our anticipation would be that, we would get a significant portion with the second hike that remains. But we have, as you can reduce we had meaningful movement with just the first 25 basis point hike in that.
Biff Bowman: Sure. So in the quarter new business and lower money market mutual fund fee waivers weren’t really sufficient to offset the drag from, remember, we have month lag equity markets. So the fees are based on February month end, which was still quite down, and the lower fees on equity mutual funds, as you discussed. If you think about this, there’s an ongoing and broad industry trend towards passive management, as investors continue to face lower overall returns. And they look to control what they can control, which is namely fees. So we have seen that kind of fee pressure in our funds into lower cost alternatives. So the combination of the month lag in the fees, the migration, if you will to lower fee structured products was not enough to offset the positive fee waiver in the quarter. We do still think relative to the industry that the growth rates are healthy and that the business is indeed strong, it’s just a difficult macro environment for that business.
Biff Bowman: Yes, so if you think about – let me start with the first quarter. There is some seasonality in the first quarter that you can see if you look historically. As it relates specifically to the occupancy expense, I think looking at a longer period of quarters in the past, probably gives you a better indication of the run rate in our occupancy expense. So that line item as you look historically has remained fairly consistent. And that’s probably your better trending. Other line items you suggested, we did differ salary increases to October 1st for all employees. So that we did April of 2015, we did merit salary increases. We will not have that in this sequential comparison and we continue to be vigilant on business promotion non-regulatory consulting spend and all other key discretionary line items and there is a continued focus on that line item as we enter Q2 and beyond.
Biff Bowman: Yes, so in terms of the client behavior, first part of your question on deposit behavior, we do not see any exodus of clients based on our deposit base that we push through. So we did not really see that and you can see that from sequentially a very stable balance sheet size and even growth on a year-over-year basis, which is really driven by I would say our core organic growth rate, so no real behavior changes. In terms of the migration from active to passive, what I would say first is that in some cases that’s from higher fee to lower fee solutions as our clients have struggled to get returns. They focus on what they can control, which is the fee portion of that. So they’re looking for lower fee opportunities. And in some cases, along that spectrum from active to passive, there are our product and capabilities that we continue to discuss with our clients. Those could be FlexShares, those could be engineered, paid our engineer equity offerings. So we do have products along the spectrum if you will between fully active and fully passive to help – some of that fee compression that we talked about.
Biff Bowman: So in the C&IS business, it was a smaller AUM. As we talked about in the past sovereign wealth fund migrations as they needed to convert those assets for whatever those reasons were for the sovereign wealth fund. So we’ve seen a lower base on those. So smaller AUM and I think that’s probably driven more than offset migrations into passive solutions at this point, though the sovereign wealth fund an example was down almost 33% from a year-over-year, the AUM, down to, I believe $46 billion and down 32%, as I said year-over-year. So their low basis point realization of products, but high AUM.
Biff Bowman: I would say that it was normal actions that can be taken in any quarter typically those could be APB23 actions, they could be the release of a small reserve in a region or something like that. But it will typically be normal, if you look historically that that’s probably the right rate to put into your thinking.
Biff Bowman: Betsy, we did not – our total payout ratio as you can see is very high and we did not utilize the de minimis exception.
Biff Bowman: Yes, first of all, I think, we already have a very high payout ratio, as we look at this. And our capital ratios, if you look at our common equity Tier 1, it’s sort of in the median of the CCAR banks and we view that as the prudent level in terms of right now how we think about that.
Biff Bowman: Yes, we always evaluate our capital structure and in fact obviously spend meaningful time evaluating it as a part of our submission of our capital plan. And we think about all the ways we could maximize our capital structure.
Biff Bowman: So we’re indeed committed to driving long-term improvement in the expense to fee ratio, and it remains a key strategic focus. And that obviously has a knock on impact to produce better ROE. Improvement in the ratio was driven by achieving positive fee operating leverage. And as is the case with operating leverage in the short term, there could be periods of time where we have degradation in the ratio sometimes due to seasonal impacts. This quarter, for instance, while the ratio would have benefited from lower level fee waivers, the seasonal expense impact of stock-based compensation in the Northern Trust open more than offset the improvement in fee waivers. So we remain focused on the two parts of that equation that we can the first is and what I would describe is the organic growth rate of our fees. And the second is on the strategic long-term initiatives on the expense side include location, strategy, procurement, technology. If we focus on those things that we can control, we think we can continue to drive that down.
Biff Bowman: Yes. Right now we anticipate in the third quarter of 2016 that we would have an incremental $3 million headwind. Obviously, balance sheet size and other things can move that around, but that’s – our anticipation is about a $3 million headwind starting in Q3.
Biff Bowman: At this point in time, we are entering that season and our team anticipates a similar seasons they have experienced in the past in my conversations with them.
Biff Bowman: Yes. So at this point we’ve not received feedback. So we haven’t had a designation made regard to Northern Trust 2015 resolution plan. We don’t have any indication as to when that determination will be announced for us from the Fed or the FDIC. That being said to answer your question, we have been in regular contact with the Fed and the FDIC. We have engaged industry expertise to help guide us through that process, and we are certainly reading the feedback given to our two closest competitors as in that our business model is similar in structure and that we can learn from the feedback that they’ve received, which is public. We will incorporate that into our thinking around our resolution planning. So more to come, as we get our feedback.
Biff Bowman: Okay. Well, thank you. I appreciate it. Bev, thanks again for everything. Mark, welcome and thanks to everyone on the call, and that’s it. Thank you.
