Mark Bette: Thank you, Hanna. Good morning everyone and welcome to Northern Trust Corporation’s third quarter 2019 earnings conference call. Joining me on our call this morning are Biff Bowman, our Chief Financial Officer; Lauren Allnutt, our Controller; and Kelly Lernihan from our Investor Relations team. Our third quarter earnings press release and financial trends reported are both available on our website at www.northerntrust.com. Also on our website you will find our quarterly earnings review presentation, which we will use to guide today's conference call. This October 23 call is being webcast live on northerntrust.com. The only authorized rebroadcast of this call is the replay that will be available on our website through November 20. Northern Trust disclaims any continuing accuracy of the information provided in this call after today. Now, for our Safe Harbor statements. What we say during today's conference call may include forward-looking statements, which are Northern Trust's current estimates and expectations of future events or future results. Actual results of course could differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements, because the realization of those results is subject to many risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. I urge you to read our 2018 Annual Report on Form 10-K and other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for detailed information about factors that could affect actual results.  During today's question-and-answer session, please limit your initial query to one question and one related follow-up. This will allow us to move through the queue and enable as many people as possible the opportunity to ask questions as time permits. Thank you again for joining us today. Let me turn the call over to Biff Bowman.
Mark Bette: And Brian, this is Mark. Just to add one comment. When you are really looking at the real short end on the balance sheet for the short term, let’s call it interest bearing deposits, so that would be the interest bearing deposits with banks, the Central Bank Deposits, the mix of U.S. currency within that, let’s call it money market kind of category is actually more like a third of the total. So the lower U.S. rates will not have as much of a drag when you're looking at the very short end of the balance sheet for those line items. 
Mark Bette: It was a $7 million this quarter, but $3 million last quarter. $7 million was the number, but yeah, so for us its $4 million. Sequential was a $4 million increase. It was $7 million in total in the quarter and a $4 million increase sequentially and year-over-year roughly flat. 
Mark Bette: Thank you, I had to think of the third one there for a second. Interest rate swaps, all three of those saw growth in the quarter, but the two of those are more episodic in nature. Interest rate swaps are probably triggered by rate movements and I would say generally the brokerage business that we saw, some of that is client growth, not just activity in the market.
Biff Bowman: I believe that's probably the mix of our clients and the mix of our balance sheet is probably the difference there. (A) Our retail deposits and our wealth business make up a greater proportion of our balance sheet. You've got to look at a mix between our on – foreign office deposits and U.S. deposits and then the loan portfolio relative to the size and I know it's been flat for us, but all of those combined, I think produce a slightly different net interest margin versus peers, because we are not absolutely the same and look and feel as all of those. So I would say that it’s probably a difference in the mix of the balance sheet that lends itself to that. Because on the institutional side, the pricing is competitive, so we would likely have deposit costs of a similar nature, but we have a little bit bigger piece of what I would call the wealth side of the business and I think that may help mute the lows. 
Biff Bowman: Yeah, I think you have to probably pull our balance sheet apart a little bit to understand the beta. So if you look at for instance on the retail side of our deposit beta, the beta would look low-ish. But we had some, the discontinuation of our anchor suite and we had promotional pricing so the beta would be quite low on that.  If you look at the foreign office deposits and remember, about half of the foreign office deposits are in dollars, but if you look at the move down and then extrapolate well, how much of that was dollars, the beta was actually quite high.  I would say the beta was relatively symmetrical with what we saw on the way, where we were as we have rates rising. So it's coming down I think in general along that rate. It’s a little cloudier to see this quarter because of some of the promotional things we had in the wealth space and others that work themselves through at the end of the third quarter and we would anticipate a more symmetrical beta for that in the fourth quarter, but I think if you look at that, the beta was actually fairly high on what I would call institutional dollar based deposit. 
Biff Bowman: I hope that was your phone breaking up there, I couldn't tell if that was you or us. Can you hear us okay, your phone broke up. 
Biff Bowman: Yeah, so if you think about that on the rates and the resiliency, one you still have to remember that our rates are lapping a period where in general a year ago they are higher today than they were a year ago, so that's part of it. And then if you look at the sequential resiliency or how that would hold up, I think there's probably a series of factors in there in the asset yield.  One is, we've extended some of the duration in our portfolio, which I think has helped mitigate some of that across those yields. Currency mix and other things can help mitigate some of the currency yield impact that you see across the portfolio and then just a variety of investment strategies that we have and the instruments we have and held up pretty well cross the short term end of the portfolio.  We got more in securities than we do sort of shorter duration, money market type bank rates at this point, so all of those have held up. And then lastly I’d add is, from our own projections, from where we thought we would have in the quarter, the spread between LIBOR and Fed funds was actually a little bit better, even though it compressed our own projections, it didn't compress as much as perhaps we had forecasted. In terms of the fourth quarter, I think you had asked, you know are we just storing this up for the fourth quarter. I think perhaps it might be beneficial if we give you a quick thought on the fourth quarter as we move in. Right now we would suggest that – and there is obviously a lot of puts and takes in the fourth quarter yet to come, but if we assume one cut from the Federal Reserve this month, we would think that our net interest income would be down approximately 1% to 3% sequentially.  So while there is still pressure on the asset yields and sensitivity to that, we still think it’s relatively modest in terms of its impact sequentially. There is obviously a lot of underlying assumptions in the forecast and we're going to give you an update on that in December as we see the size of the balance sheet and other factors being much more clear two months into the quarter and in fact whether we get a hike or not, we’ll obviously be in there, but that 1% to 3% is off of the $425 million we had this quarter and it assumes one cut in October. 
Biff Bowman: Yeah, so the last part of your question is our thinking. We still are having our organic growth rate provide if you will as the governor over the organic expense growth rate that the firm should, and tends to stay in to produce that. The Northern Trust on a sequential basis drives about half of the growth rate of expenses, maybe a little less than that, but in the vicinity of about half of that, so you can take about half of the growth rate out, because of sort of the one-time seasonal event.  But probably more important to your question was around the organic expense growth rates that we're seeing. Again, in line I think with generally in line with our organic expense growth rate we've done a good job of getting the organic growth rate in the firm and the organic expense growth rate in the firm better aligned and that continues to be an internal target and goal that we strive to get those very much in line.  If we see organic growth slow, then we try to do as quick as we can to increase the pace of saves in our expense base to achieve that organic leverage or at least organic neutrality and we are trying to get organic leverage.  Lastly I think you asked about our organic trends in the quarter. Again, on the fee side we saw good new business, good growth and generally in the ranges we’ve talked about or at the near the ranges we talked about and so you know I think you kind of see that from our numbers and the growth rate is outstripping markets and it's pretty strong versus the competitors and a lot of that is organically driven.
Biff Bowman: Over time, I think we've explained to you in the past we have years that it's three, we have years that’s its five and we’ve tried to circle that range. It's in that, what you want to call that, low to mid-single digit ranges, that’s where we are tracking. I think you could back market out and currency out and probably get there in your own analytics. 
Biff Bowman: Yeah, I got to write those down to make sure we get all those. The BOLI impact in the third quarter probably reduced net interest income by about $7 million, but it produced $9 million or so in other income, and then it has a tax benefit too. It helps the tax rate by approximately two-tenths of a percent.
Biff Bowman: Yes, on visa, on a year-over-year basis the mark for visa was pretty comparable. It was actually I think slightly lower this year. On a sequential basis the mark on visa was up just a little under $7 million sequentially and that was driven by – you know the factors that we evaluate are the visa stock price, the time to maturity of the litigation and then our ownership interest in that or the conversion factors. Those can move from time to time and so it was a…
Biff Bowman: Yeah, so with the premium amortization for us, we've given you guys a range of 10 to 12. Our portfolio, it has a series of exposures to Jenny Mae, Freddie Mac, Fannie Mae exposures that by and large have a larger concentration of security to have structural attributes for the loan balances that help minimize prepay variability. So we don't see maybe as much as you might see across other portfolios where you've seen maybe greater movement. It's just the nature of the instruments we hold in our securities portfolio.  So that range is still – we can see it maybe widen a little bit. We might see it move closer to between 8 and 12 then back, but generally we trade continually in that range and it hasn't been I think a market impact in terms of this impact on our NII. So hopefully that explains it.  I know intuitively you may have thought that you would see some pick up in that, but the nature of the portfolio we have and some of the features of that portfolio still tended to be keeping the amortization in a band that is generally in line with what we've guided you guys to. 
Biff Bowman: Yeah, so Alex what I would say is we've made an assumption about that spread that you just talked about. The indicators would be that it could widen out wider than our forecast. So if that holds true, your comment about our assessment of the balance sheet is generally right about the size of it and if that spread turns out to be closer to what you described, which is what the markets are indicating, we'll compare that to what we forecast and to your point, that would probably lead to a little higher NIM.  So could there be upside variability? There could, but there are an awful lot of variables, that's why we‘ll give you guidance at the Goldman Sachs conference in December where we’ll have a lot greater line of sight into the quarter. 
Biff Bowman: Yeah, there certainly are and there’s programs underway and I think it's important as we’ve talked. We really are embedding a discipline here of when we look at our expenses of looking at it and I’ll call it four categories:  One is, we need a certain amount of expense growth to support the type of organic revenue growth we’ve talked about, so some of that is just needed. So we got that factored in. We've got inflations in our business that comes about. You can put your own inflation factor on that. We add that to that amount needed to grow our business and then we've got investment, and when you add all of that up, I will tell you that generally adds up to greater than the organic growth rate that we see for fees.  So we are driving – there has to be productivity baked into any expense planning that will drive us back to that organic leverage on that and so there has to be productivity of some level, probably at least equal to inflation, to make our business model work. So whether we call it value for spend or 714 where there’s that level of expense driver in our business.  To tie that into your question, are there still buckets or opportunities in the expense base and the answer is absolutely, and I would say there's still lots of areas of procurement that are – and we cited lower sub-custody expenses in the quarter, we've done some good work around our sub custody expense for instance in the quarter that's meaningfully changed some of the trajectory there from a procurement perspective.  We still have many projects and capital investments that help drive automation and robotics into our business and we're doing one in our finance group as we speak right now, modest in size, but it's the type of thing that we think are still available to help drive those expenses down. So I think there's the opportunity to drive that productivity that's necessary in the model I outlined for you. 
Biff Bowman: And then Mike and Mark, if I could add one other thing. When you're looking at the deposit trends, one thing that isn't clear looking at it externally, if you were to look at the non U.S. office, deposits say on average as of the fourth quarter of last year compared to where we are now, three quarters later, a little bit more than half of that decline has actually been from some of the leveraging activity we do in our treasury group, so that’s doing some short term borrowings.  That will show up on the short term borrowing line, but it also shows up in the mix of when we go out and get wholesale deposits and the trade there has not been you know the spread that you can get on that his narrowed quite a bit, so we've actually kind of pulled back on some of that activity. So like I said, over the last three quarters when you look at average non U.S. office deposits, a little more than half of that decline has been lower leveraging activity. 
Biff Bowman: Yeah, when we look at it sequentially and we noted in the release that for brokerage activity, interest rate swaps and referral fees, it's probably one-third, one-third, one-third and certainly the last two of those are more episodic. Sometimes we have transition revenue that comes through that’s a little bit more episodic too, although that was fairly comparable this quarter versus prior. 
Biff Bowman: Yeah, at that point in time I think we felt that the distribution opportunities and the growth opportunities with Broadridge were just, better moved through their pipe if I can say that, than they were through ours.  But we know we have a client base that helped us deliver that product and capability it’s one that we think we can and have commercialized inside our own group, but the ability to grow that I think more assertively through Broadridge was really beneficial for everything. Mark do you have anything else? I think that's the best color, it was the best commercial decision for us and that's what we decided on. 
Biff Bowman: Yeah sure, and I want to be clear that was just one application as it related sort of to all fit the private equity field for using it and much broader applications in just that field. But that was one where we thought there would be perhaps a commercialization that would be better enhanced through that vehicle, in ownership structure than directly owned by us, but we are using it in a variety of other type of clearing and product capabilities for clients. 
Biff Bowman: Okay, so I'll try to peel that apart a little bit. So December cut would have nominal fourth quarter impact, you're right on that, but it wouldn't have zero impact. I want to be clear and that's why we gave a range earlier, because it depends on the pricing start to anticipate that earlier than the actual cut itself and you know how that works.  In terms of the impacts in the 2020, we're not going to give guidance out to 2020 at this point, there are just so many variables to that. But that being said, I think we talked about the beta as we think being relatively symmetrical, and I think we think that's how it is, and they are as is you will pull apart. If you look again at the institutional dollar betas, they were pretty high and that's where they were on the way up, they were pretty high now.  I think they would have some symmetry on the way down, so they would probably start to pull back a little bit. I don't know if that's with one or two or three hikes. I know it would be speculation. I don't know where that point of symmetry sort of hits, but I think we would just sort of model something that looks relatively symmetrical from what we saw all the way up. 
Biff Bowman: Yeah, so I think Brennan if we go back, if you remember the betas were quite low for several hikes, and then the curve starts to steepen, right, through all the symmetry around that. So perhaps the betas are quite high for some period and then start to come down.  I just don't know is that one hike away, is that two hikes away or excuse me, one cut, two cut or three cuts away, I don't – that would be speculating, I don’t want to do that, but I think it’s a symmetrical look to way they float on the way up, and then the flow down. 
Biff Bowman: I think as a general rule, as the rates gets closer – I think this is your question as the rates you know pull back down closer and closer to zero, because we are an asset servicing provider to $11 trillion of assets under custody and administration, we because somewhat of a natural home for what I will say our cash balances that may be in different but want a very financially strong liquid provider.  So there's just some natural benefit of that. The tide floating all boats kid of things, like that and coming with it, and so you’ve got large hedge fund clients or others who say I'm in different now through a series of investment options.  I will say this time Brennan what I think is different is money market reform has happened and government funds and things like gates and another things that were in place, some of those things have been addressed in money market reforms. So the ability to have those bounces not sit on any bank balance sheet that go through a fund, so they can get paid roughly zero and a financial institution or get paid roughly zero on a fund. They may consider that more than they have in past, cycles were rates have gone well.  So we’ll have to see how that plays out and depends on how low areas get. I think the rates have to get lower than one or two more cuts before we would see that kind of impact. It would have to be something that gets back close to where we were, right after the crisis. 
Biff Bowman: So, I’d have to look to see. I mean there may have been – there is some incentive compensation that’s verbal. A some point in the fourth quarter that might be driven by how pretax income goes.  As far as the comp sequentially this quarter, one thing that’s definitely is different than prior years is that we and the prior years have had – we’ve had I think last year I about $10 million of equity retirement eligible expense that was in the second quarter that fell off in the third quarter. We did not have that this year, all that was in the first quarter. So second to third this year is a different picture than what it would have been in 2017 and 2018.  The other thing I would say about compensation as well, you know last quarter we did mention that we had charges of $5 million of charges, only $2 million of that was in compensation, about $3 million of it was in outside services. We did have charges this quarter as well. Now we've gotten away from calling those out, because we think we're more in a business as usual environment with those charges, but I would say when you look at compensation, the charges this quarter, we are actually pretty comparable to what we had in the prior quarter and so that's another part.  So if you were expecting a decline because of charge is going off, we did have some charges in the quarter. But like I said, until they – if they were to rise up again to a higher level certainly we’ll call them out, but at this point we feel like it's more just business as usual activity. 
Biff Bowman: Yeah, you're right. We gravitated away from that and we don't provide that. I would say, we continue to see strong new business wins installed in the quarter. We continue to see a very solid and strong pipeline really across the globe, but particularly we’ve seen real strong interest in the Asian market, in Australia in particular and a substantial win. I think we’ve published – we did press release World Bank as a win, so that was a very high profile win that was issued in a press release in the quarter.  So, we continue to have strong growth, and as we said, we really look at it more as an organic growth story for us across the fee line and we were pleased with where we were from a trajectory standpoint in the quarter. 
Biff Bowman: Yeah, so in Europe you're right. On the euro in particular the beta was high and that can be both a factor as we moved obviously relatively high betas or very high beta with the euro move, and some of that could have been that our rate was actually attractive in that market and that we were catching up from the rate being slightly ahead of the market if you will or slightly better than the competitive landscape which could move that beta a little bit higher than perhaps even the move that you there.  So that’s a driver there, and then I think it's important to understand our client base. We have clients that are some are on standard rates and some that are on, I’d call it more specialized rates, custom rates.  Some of them moved immediately with sort of Central Bank rates, IOER, ECB. So they will move rally with almost a 100% beta right with those.  In terms of the duration of the balance sheet, we moved the duration of the portfolio out to about 1.6 years from an index duration perspective, which as you know we typically have run a very short duration portfolio closer to one, 1.1, but we have done some things in light of what we think could be you know a continued decline in rates. And so we have moved that duration out in the portfolio to help soften some of that and help deal with asset yield issues that you talked about. 
Biff Bowman: So the answer to the first part of that is yes. That is a decision that our ALCO committee makes every month, but there is I think still room to take that duration out and for the benefit of the call, we're really not taking any credit risk in that duration. We typically extend the duration of our balance sheet through the use of longer dated treasuries, so that's the way we get there and we do. But we evaluate that through our co-committee regularly, but there is still capacity to take that duration out.  In terms of swapping currencies you know into dollars or whatever to get the yield enhancement, you know the swap rates on that have made and the cost of doing that quite frankly have make that in many cases an unattractive trade, and we always have – excuse me, we have generally tried to invest largely in the currency, in currency in support of our clients and the balance sheet. So they've invested in euros, they'd laid the balance off in euros, the balances being euros or sterling, etcetera. But there are occasionally opportunities that can do that swap, but right now the swap rates could make a neutral [inaudible] action group. Yeah. 
Biff Bowman: There's a lot to that question Mike. So you're right, so we have absolutely have an ongoing process to look at all the things you described in there. For instance number of data centers. We outsource the manage services for instance that we talked about here, where we have looked at things like our main frame maintenance and another that we’ve used. There’s opportunities to do that technologically with someone else at a lower cost.  We are looking at very strategically with our board and our technology group is the cloud strategy for the firm. Not going to comment on this call, but that's something that is actively engaged with the board and others. So it's going to be the primary driver of our productivity. It has to be in the space of technology, because it's the largest part of our spend.  So I know that's obvious to you Mike, but I mean if we don't get the kind of savings you talked about, the consolidating datacenters, cloud based solutions, etcetera. I will say we’ve done a pretty good job of Mike is not running as many duplicative systems. I think we’ve looked and consolidated across our organization and where we were running multiple applications to do similar services.  I think we've done a pretty good job of consolidating that, although I know that we're still looking at the number of apps that we have if you will inside the firm and trying to maximize and reduce that. So probably the single largest effort we have right now is around understanding that technology spend and how we can drive that through productivity. 
Biff Bowman: So the – for instance if we used a provider of that main frame, we had our own staff that did the upgrades and maintenance on that. There are firms who provide the hardware and other items for that mainframe who also have staff that can provide that maintenance. We’ve done that instead of having our own staff, but that's a productivity pick up for us, because we had our own staff to do that and there's others who can do it for better cost advantages. So that's how I would describe that, is what that means.
Biff Bowman: Yeah okay. I don't know exactly where that point would be, but in general in our two businesses it could be a little bit different. So in our asset servicing business for instance, there is a required level of expense to generate probably every point of organic growth. Right now for most of that it depends on which business line. If it's traditional custody that's highly leverage, there’s less expense needed; if it's fund administration, fund accounting, it needs more expense, it has a little bit more, I’d say a larger expense base that needs to go with it.  In the wealth space, pretty highly leveraged there. So the expense required to grow that point of organic growth there could be different. So I think that's what you're asking, is if we could get continued growth?  I don't know that there's ever a point where the expense growth stops and the organic revenue continues. I think there's always a piece of that that's needed to get that through that, but there is certain lines of businesses that are more leverage able than others that widen that gap out and we’ve had great success in some of those lines. Particularly wealth has had a strong growth rate that you can see in their line versus their industry and their competitors. 
Brennan Hawken: Good morning, and Biff congrats on your retirement, wish you the best. I’m sure the golf game will improve and you'll get tickets to the Northern Open in the future. 
Brennan Hawken: Tell me about it. So on NII, just circling back there, thanks for all the color on that, I really appreciate it. Curious about a couple of different components. Number one, when we look at the forward curve, it looks like the forward curve suggests also a cut in December and so I know that will be late in the quarter, so probably wouldn’t have a big impact on 4Q.  But should we count on an impact, a comparable impact going forward or are your assumptions around beta such that further cuts beyond the next one will have an increasing impact, because you would be getting a little bit lower on the deposit cost side and therefore less room on that front. Just any additional color you could give there would be great.
Brennan Hawken: Okay so and just to clarify, like on the way up we saw the ramp in betas steadily increase and so therefore you guys are starting high and then would you see in the mirror of that, so betas would decrease. 
Brennan Hawken: Okay, got it. That’s clear and totally logical. My next question is on the excess reserves commentary. Just curious, it seemed like Northern didn't really get hurt, especially versus some of the larger Trust Bank competitors when reserves were getting drained from the system. So I'm kind of curious as to why you would think the inverse would happen, you know why would your benefit with an expansion of reservists, especially relative to some of the larger competitors? Thanks. 
