Bev Fleming: Thank you, Zack, good morning everyone and welcome to Northern Trust Corporation’s Fourth Quarter 2015 earnings conference call. Joining me on our call this morning are Biff Bowman, our Chief Financial Officer; Jane Karpinski, our Controller; and Kelly Mullen from our Investor Relations team. For those of you who did not receive our fourth quarter earnings press release and financial trends report by e-mail this morning, they are both available on our Web site at northerntrust.com. Also on our web site, you will find our quarterly earnings review presentation, which we will use to guide today’s conference call. This January 20th call is being webcast live on northerntrust.com. The only authorized rebroadcast of this call is a replay that will be available on our Web site through February 18th. Northern Trust disclaims any continuing accuracy of the information provided in this call after today. Now for our Safe Harbor statement, what we say during today’s conference call may include forward looking statements, which are Northern Trust’s current estimates and expectations of future events or future results. Actual results of course could differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements because the realization of those results is subject to many risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. I urge you to read our 2014 Annual Report on Form 10-K and other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for detailed information about factors that could affect actual results. During today’s question-and-answer session please limit your initial query to one question and one related follow-up. This will allow us to move through the queue and enable as many people as possible the opportunity to ask questions as time permits. Thank you again for joining us today. Let me turn the call over to Biff Bowman.
Bev Fleming: Brian, let me just take couple of the factual questions that you asked here. In terms of the loan portfolio about 70% floating, the reminder fixed. So that's one of the things that you're interesting about and then in terms of pricing, I mean it depends on the loan category you're talking about. So, clearly for example our commercial loans would be generally LIBOR based, our private client loans also LIBOR based, although a few could be time and then of course the real estate portfolios would be based off of treasury. So, it depends on the category, you're referring to 
Bev Fleming: We thank you all for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you when we report first quarter earnings in the middle of April which will occur on the same day as our annual meeting. Thank you very much. 
Biff Bowman: Thank you, when we look at our wealth management AUM what we have continued to see is movement from equity and other higher yielding products into lower basis point products, over the cycle that's been true for the whole year. I think that trend continued at about the same pace in the fourth quarter, so as clients look at their portfolios the movement from equity into passive solutions and or lower basis point yielding products continued throughout the quarter.
Biff Bowman: We saw the gross yields in many of our funds improved with the short rate movement. I would position that as it was later in the quarter, not the midpoint in the quarter but tenders [ph] that occur more in December and then throughout December. So we certainly saw the waivers abate meaningfully throughout the month of December and the run rate of waivers the demunition that you talked about really occurred the week or two before the Fed announcement and then post that we began to see the growth yields in the funds move up meaningfully. So the waiver rate was very back loaded in the quarter.
Biff Bowman: Yes, so, if you, let me address the Fed first, your analysis is correct, we benefited obviously from just a brief two weeks of that and you can project the forward benefit of that going forward in your models. In terms of the securities portfolio improvement if you will in the spread that was driven by the premium amortization that you described was a meaningful component of that during the period. It has some seasonality but it's more impacted by factors such as movement in the housing market and or rates in any given period, so we do typically see a slowdown in housing activity in the fourth quarter we generally have better amortization in that period if you will but as we mentioned in the script in the first part of the prepared remarks, it was slightly larger than last year and more than slightly it was about 13 million difference at quarter over quarter.
Biff Bowman: You might be reading a little too much into it, some of that it was the $550 million of loans and leases that ran off during the period. So, that's a portion of it, in terms of our own credit quality, it's important to remember this our mix in our credit portfolio as we have slowed or we have negative growth if you will in residential real estate, the growth is largely coming from areas that are investment accounts secured or large C&I type loans where the credit quality remains a very robust and very strong right now. So, the mix in our portfolio has driven improvement in the overall credit quality. I think we've referenced the 9% sequential improvement in non-performing assets and I think on a year-over-year basis the non-performing assets were closer to a 19% better. So, we have experienced strength in our own credit portfolio. 
Biff Bowman: If you have that, you also have to look at volume and consider volume in there but your math is accurate.
Biff Bowman: Yes, the growth in those deposits can often be lumpy, we get significantly high deposits and from hedge fund and/or endowments or other large institutional type deposits and we have particularly near period ends we will typically place that at the Fed. Over a long period of time the migration and looking at our ability to move some of those into the securities portfolio remains something than our asset liability committee is focused on and we do believe, we can do that in any given short time period we may have the need to put those with the Fed, so that it helps with LCR as well. 
Biff Bowman: Thanks. Let me -- we still think that the expense-to-fees ratio it's an important parameter of our progress towards sustainably improving profitability and returns and we remain committed to improving that ratio, but as you noted in the short-term and on a quarterly progress there can be a variety of factors. I would say Glenn as you pointed out on annualized basis, we've improved that since 2011 every year and we were like I said remain committed to that improvement. Also there is a numerator and denominator in the equation, it’s in that ratio as you know in a difficult macro environment certainly makes the space that which we can improved that challenging, particularly if you look across a very short timeframe like a quarter. Look, we're focused on the areas that we can drive that and that’s new business on the top-line and fee growth on the top-line and the success continues there very strong new business results for the firm. On the expense side, on the denominator if you will or actually in the numerator, on the expense side, we've got several initiatives that we continue to work on, our location strategy, procurement optimization, technology optimization, those are still in force and still moving at pace. You see some of that investment in our equipment software line, in the depreciation we hope has long-term benefit for us. So a little longer answer, but it's the question I know that matters there and we are committed to continuing to drive that ratio down. And as fee growth slows, we have to recalibrate our business to address that on the expense side.
Biff Bowman: We have some seasonal components in the first quarter around other expense which is business promotion around the Northern Trust Open and there is some modest compensation, first quarter impacts from when we set our compensation awards. The Northern Trust Open beginning the business promotion being probably the most seasonal of those expenses. The rest are relatively balanced and that is a good launch point.
Biff Bowman: Sure. Parts of our business as you know are on the expense side are actually also tied to market level, so we have a natural movement either up or down based on market level, so there is a component in our expense base that moves relative to those market, so it's not all fixed cost if you will into our expense base. As we think about the year going forward, we certainly run multiple iterations of macro factors impacting our business, such as markets up X or down X, rates hikes coming or not coming and we run multiple iterations. We try very hard to run our business without macro factors being major inputs to the success of the firm's business going forward, which means we are not overly reliant on either rates or markets in any given period. And so that's how we build our process and we hope that not being overly reliant allows us to be flexible in our ability to react to large macro events, particularly in your question on the expense side.
Biff Bowman: I would phrase it this way, I would say that part of our expense base is variable based on market levels. Part is we have access to maneuver that in this environment and part is quite frankly investment that needs to continue to support the growth on the new business side, so its parts of all three of your question are true in that. We don’t have complete flexibility on the expense side, it's not at 100% variable expense base.
Biff Bowman: Yeah, I'll start with the last thing, I mean it was not the regulators driving in, it was our use of the models and methodologies we use in CCAR to help guide us to help build this model to drive our loan loss reserve policy. So it was not something regular drove us to do. I will give you a little bit of color. So at December 31 that was the first time that we applied the new methodology and it produced the $18.5 million release that you talked about. Your characterization of, we’ve now set that baseline and that’s establish and in any given quarter based on the credit quality and the factors that we look at from the model perspective. We will see provision or release based on that modeled approach going forward. But it certainly was one quarter where we employed the methodology and got the number two at least a level that allows us to move forward based on how the actual credit quality and other factors are moving in the future, so we rebased if you will.
Biff Bowman: I would describe that it has primarily driven by growth in our organic business underlying. So these clients may come to us and become a global fund services client and use our firm for fee based services. And then place an additional billion dollar deposit with us after that relationship has strengthen overtime. So it adds if you will to the deposit base and I would say that they’re linked. There are some deposits that are probably a flight to safety, but I would not say that’s the majority of what we seen in our growth, most are existing clients in other fee based lines in the firm. And in fact, what I would add is generally, we have not taken on large deposits that we talked about, if they don’t have broader relationships, just because the return dynamic is less attractive.
Biff Bowman: I’ll start with CNIS, the pipeline remains very strong and when I say that it’s really globally strong strength in Asia, particularly in Australia and other parts of Asia. In Europe very strong demand and pipeline there. And then in the U.S., a balance pipeline, but between our global fund services business, servicing asset managers and institutional investors as we would call them, think pensions and foundations, endowments, et cetera. Very balance set of existing wins and pipelines in both of those businesses. On the wealth side, we talked about our investment in certain markets in Texas and Houston specifically in New York. I can say that both of those experienced meaningful outsized growth versus the rest of the wealth management franchise. So that investment in their pipeline in those regions is very important. We made a key hire that we announced in New York just this week or the 11th, we announce. So I would say both pipelines are very, very solid and we feel good about the pipeline.
Biff Bowman: So we have a very robust IPC committee and investment policy committee made up professionals from our asset management expertise and Katie Nixon on the wealth management side, looks that I diversified investment portfolio for our wealth clients, which does make tactical asset allocations during any given period, but it is largely well diversified portfolio across all array of investments. So when you ask the question about passive versus active, it's really a question around diversified versus commitments to large components. So, when you can get large-cap exposure through active or passive, but it's about being diversified across that portfolio mix that's important. That's a very independent committee that helps to make that decision for our clients and they do make some tactical decisions if they are concerned about region or an asset class, but they generally stick to what I would say is a very well diversified global portfolio mix for the clients. 
Biff Bowman: So, it may not but as the price point difference between the passive and actives, and then the performance comparison has changed for those clients to get S&P 500 exposure or large-cap exposure the cost point for them could be quite different and they continue to evaluate that cost point. So they do evaluate that and there has been some migration from say active equity to passive equity, we've focused first and formal on the diversification of the portfolio and then whether that's delivered actively or passively is something that we talk with our clients in our policy. 
Biff Bowman: Yes, we're watching the market like many. Like others, we did not pass the 25 basis points on to the clients on that but we continue to watch the market and I think we'll have a much better idea how that unfold over time. 
Biff Bowman: So, talking about the balances and the difference between the average balance sheet in the end. That was a borrower or a demand driven phenomenon and I'm -- I will presume that was -- those institutions looking at their own balance sheets at year-end as they did what they needed to, to make their balance sheets and ratios look appropriate at year-end. It benefited us in the sense that if you look at our standardized ratio we had a 40 basis point improvement, much of that was reduction from a standardized approach as I said, much of that was a risk weighted approach -- risk weighted asset improvement driven by lower securities lending balances at quarter end. In terms of we're not seeing so far into 2016, more of the same trend that you saw late in Q4 for us, nothing than I'd called out at this point. 
Biff Bowman: It was not a one off client, it was just demand in general, I'm guessing that our clients were working on their own balance sheets at quarter end and it was really a quarter end phenomenon.
Biff Bowman: I’ll take the second part and answer it. Beth, that is accurate, it is -- the new methodology and approach has been approved and utilized in this quarter and is I think put in at the run-rate and then quarter-on-quarter credit quality will become variable. In terms of the, why now. We've worked to build out the model over the course of the year and we wanted to leverage the work we had done with CCAR to use a much more quantitatively oriented model to do this and we also work with our accountants and others to make sure that the reserve is as quantified as possible. This allowed us to get to that level of a much more quantified approach and that was the trigger.
Biff Bowman: No, it will just depend on overall the credit quality of the portfolio, so I'm hesitant to say yes or no. If the credit trends continue then it should be well reserved and if there's something in the portfolio then it will move. I think it is reasonable unless there is meaningful improvement or degradation in the portfolio that large releases are unlikely to happen.
Biff Bowman: So part of that was federal home loan bank borrowing that we took advantage of which was an attractive, a very attractive borrowing rate, so that was a meaningful portion of the increase in short-term borrowings if you will that you described there. And in terms of the timing of the purchase, again, Mike we have an asset liability committee that has a view on where we should take investment decisions and we thought maybe right after the rate hike it maybe opportunistic and I don’t know if that's right in the long-term, but it was -- it's an attractive trade through today.
Biff Bowman: We've had access to that borrowing in the past, I don’t know if we can disclose the borrowing rates, I'm unsure. I will say that it is very low, very low effective borrowing rate.
Biff Bowman: No -- yeah -- not completely that, I think part of it was we liked -- the federal home loan borrowings is attractive from an LCR perspective as well, so that borrowing allowed us to also strengthen some liquidity measures and then we were able to take advantage of some of that borrowing and create some yield.
Biff Bowman: I think that there was obviously the amortization benefits in there that has seasonality and deals with macro factors like rates and/or housing starts, so that tailwind is unlikely to maintain itself during the entire course of the year. It tends to be worse in the second and third quarters, so --.
Biff Bowman: I'm hesitant to say one way or the other, I don’t know what the premium amortization in mortgage backed securities will do in the period, so --.
Biff Bowman: So the collateral levels and the loan levels were quarter end phenomena, my comment was about -- the question was around spread, has we seen any dramatic changes in the spread and or demand in the first part of this year and I would say the demand and the collateral levels are closer to the averages we've talked about in the previous period. Not a decline and then movement from the quarter end.
Biff Bowman: Yes, so one meaningful factor in that would be our sovereign wealth fund exposure that I mentioned in my prepared remarks but we, we do report in P&I magazine, a year ago I think we reported sovereign wealth balances of 70 billion in that. At year end those had migrated down just too sovereign wealth funds of 50 billion, approximately 50 billion. So we're seeing some of the pressures, if you will, on those regional economies and the need for some of those large sovereign wealth funds to use those funds, if you will, in their local environment. So that phenomenon has helped drive down the AUM, what I will say is about 95% of those are passive management mandates and generally have very low basis point fees, so while the AUM decline is meaningful the fee impact is more muted.
Biff Bowman: Well if that is correct we may see that happen, but we're still observing the market and I think it's digesting the first round of these and remember we have a variety of large clients where the deposit betas may be more bespoke, more uniquely crafted in the contract so it's not a direct corollary that that is going to happen. And then the other thing is just from a liquidity standpoint, maintaining our liquidity.
Biff Bowman: Yes, it will move to the third quarter in 2017, and we don't disclose the magnitude of that, but you'll be able to see in the expense run rate after the third quarter 2017. 
Biff Bowman: Sure, so let me start at a high level and I just briefly -- if you look at the decline in the price of oil many of the sovereign wealth funds that we serve are in oil producing nations and so that decline does have an impact on our business. They have lower asset levels and we certainly have seen flows out of those sovereign wealth funds as they address their issues. So that's on the institutional side, I know you also asked on the wealth side. And certainly in certain regions, we've talked about Houston is that, there can be secondary or tertiary impacts from low oil prices, so there are people providing services to companies and others that have been impacted, generally our clients given the wealth nature of our clients our liquid well invested and well diversified away from those single asset wealth creation in vehicles and we generally see modest impact to them from this type of environment, our direct exposure as you rightly said is largely too large multinational diversified firms with strong investment grade credits and so from an overall credit quality at this point while we certainly monitor it and look at it from a risk perspective, it has not had a significant impact on the overall credit quality of the deferral [ph].
Biff Bowman: So, it is the two items that you described. I would say, it can be a bit of the earning asset mix, it can be some of the impacts of netted low net interest income, margins, et cetera that are driving that fundamentally. I will say that our business is much more liability driven and so the focus is really on turning those liabilities are fees essentially those liabilities are client placing deposits with us that we then turn into asset and so our focus is on return of equity and it just so happens that the ability to turn those liabilities into higher earning assets has been muted in the last several years under these low environments, but I think the combination of those has probably driven the ROA down, what we focus really on the ROE as a primary profitably measure.
