Beverly Fleming: Thank you, Jessica, and welcome to Northern Trust Corporation's Fourth Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me on our call this morning are Bill Morrison, Northern Trust's Chief Financial Officer; Aileen Blake, our Controller; and Allison Quaintance from our Investor Relations team. For those of you who did not receive our fourth quarter earnings press release or financial trends report via email this morning, they are both available on our website at northerntrust.com. In addition, this January 19 call is being webcast live on northerntrust.com. The only authorized rebroadcast of this call is the replay that will be available through January 28. Northern Trust disclaims any continuing accuracy of the information provided in this call after today. Now, for our Safe Harbor statement. What we say during today’s conference call may include forward-looking statements, which are Northern Trust’s current estimates and expectations of future events or future results. Actual results, of course, could differ materially from those indicated by these statements because the realization of those results is subject to many risks and uncertainties. I urge you to read our 2009 Annual Report and our periodic reports to the Securities and Exchange Commission for detailed information about factors that could affect actual results. Thank you, again, for joining us today. Let me turn the call over to Bill Morrison.
Beverly Fleming: Well, actually, Tom, the previous discussions we've had were that if interest rates were to rise from where they currently are by about 50 to 60 basis points, then the money market fee waivers that we're currently experiencing in both PFS and C&IS would be eliminated. We've never referred to a recoupment because there will be no opportunity to earn back what we've already waived.
Beverly Fleming: Glenn, it's actually not a competitive dynamic. It's actually something that's a little bit confusing that probably is a bit unique to us, and let me try and walk you through that. The first thing that I would say is that you wouldn't want to look at the cost of the non-U.S. time deposits, obviously, on the liability side in isolation. You need to look at it in concert with a rise of 16 basis points in the yield on loans and leases. So I'd ask you to look at those two together, again, not in isolation. And the reason why is that we've got some arrangements with certain clients where we post cash collateral for the client's benefit in their local currency to allow our clients to manage their counter-party risk with Northern Trust, specifically related to foreign exchange trading. When that collateral is posted, the interest earned is accounted for by accounting guidelines as interest income on loans and leases. And likewise, on the liability side of the balance sheet, to the extent that we need to fund that collateral with a light currency, the interest paid is accounted for as an interest expense on a non-U.S. office time deposit. Then, to make it even more complicated, from a balance sheet perspective, we actually net those principal balances against other assets and liabilities. So in a nutshell, what we have here is we're earning interest income on loans and leases. We're paying an interest expense on non-U.S. office time deposits, but the principal balances have been netted away. So the result is that the yield on the loans and leases and the cost of the non-U.S. office time deposits really appear higher than they would otherwise be, were it not for this collateral arrangement with our clients. I think the bottom line, though, and I'll let Bill comment on this, is that the net impact of the complicated scenario that I just described was really not the driver of the change in our net interest margin this quarter because the two basically offset each other. And I think Bill would probably want to comment on what was the driver of the NIM compression.
Beverly Fleming: I think we mentioned that in the transcript, so you might want to take comments from the transcript.
Beverly Fleming: Well, PFS, we said, was up 12% on a full year-over-year basis. The third to fourth quarter in PFS was up just a modest amount.
William Morrison: Well, if it doesn't get vetoed, and I don't think we think it will, the impact on us consolidated in 2011 should be about $13.5 million. And keep in mind, though, that we have a much higher impact in the first year of adoption of those higher rates than we would in subsequent years as we adjust our deferred tax accounts. Going forward, after the first year, all other things being equal, we think that will probably cost us about $4 million a year.
William Morrison: Well, that was about $4 million in the fourth quarter. Sub-advisory fees and sub-custodian expense grow based on market values. So let's hope we have another couple of quarters of positive market appreciation, then, yes, we'll have higher sub-advisory and sub-custodian expense in this line going forward. But we're going to continue to run an open architecture type of investment management platform, so we will continue to have expense liability to sub-advisers and, of course, to sub-custodians. But market levels would drive most of that expense, Rob.
William Morrison: We would hope our consulting expenses would be lower going forward. But honestly, a good portion of that is a function of today's regulatory world and a need to validate through third parties, an awful lot of our own conclusions. So I think it's a little bit early to forecast, and we wouldn't do it anyway, but a little too early to forecast consulting expenses around Dodd-Frank and the new regulation that we're dealing with, not just in the United States, but around the world. That number was $5 million in the fourth quarter, by the way.
William Morrison: Well, our understanding around this particular instance was that the client went to a passive, actually, two passive providers to duplicate what they moved from us. Moving to your question more broadly, no, we don't see shifts away from passive mandates to active mandates in either side of the business. And of course, it's mostly an Institutional business issue. Perhaps, like you, I read about that, but I haven't seen it in our asset allocation.
William Morrison: Well, remember, you need to adjust the assets under management category sequentially for the loss of the institutional mandate we just talked about. Also, in the quarter, Tom, there was a run down in our securities lending collateral, and that was about $13 billion. And some of that is seasonal and some of that is market-related as, I guess, there's been some short covering or there was some short covering toward the end of the quarter. But if you adjust for that additive $34 billion in AUM, I believe you'll see a much closer number of AUM growth versus what you would expect, given how the market changed in the third and fourth quarter, and also, given the new business numbers that we teed up during the conference comments. Having said all of that, yes, our custody business is growing more quickly than our AUM. And frankly, that's been the case, particularly on a global custody basis, for quite some time. Is there an opportunity to grow our AUM a little more quickly? Yes. And I would tell you that, particularly, in our manager of managers business and in our passive businesses, institutionally, we've had some great success. We've had some nice wins that aren't in the reported new business. And those wins should be reflected in later periods.
William Morrison: Right. As we said in the press release, our margin declined 14 basis points to 1.30% in the fourth quarter. And as Bev just said, it wasn't from the deposit expense. It was basically from a reduction of about 10 basis points in our loan yield on domestic loans quarter to quarter, and also about an 11 basis point reduction in our investment securities portfolio yield. And let me just talk briefly about each of those two. I think all of you will remember that we talked about in the third quarter the fact that the very low rates, particularly three and five year treasuries at that time, were giving rise to increased levels of modification requests for our residential loans. Rather than have those loans refinanced and go off the balance sheet, we did modify the rate on a material number of residential mortgage loans, most of which are three- and five-year adjustable rate mortgages. And so the impact of those modifications caused part of that 10 basis point decline in domestic loans. And then secondly, as we said during our comments earlier, the reduction, particularly in 90-day LIBOR, about 10 basis points during the quarter, reduced the yield on loans that are tied to both 30- and 90-day LIBOR in our personal and in our commercial book of business. So that's part of it. The other part is you'll recall that our investment security portfolio has quite a short duration, less than 18 months. And so we are reinvesting a significant amount of money in that portfolio each month as existing investments mature. And we've been staying in common quality and common duration, so we've been reinvesting at ever lower levels. So the combination of those two effects is what drove the reduction in net interest margin, fourth quarter to third, and for that matter, year-over-year.
William Morrison: We have not. But I'll tell you that the three- and five-year adjustable category of our residential mortgages is the majority of our residential mortgage book, which is a little over $10 billion at the end of the quarter, total.
William Morrison: Well, one, we don't think this was a pricing-related issue. And two, the success that we've had in terms of new business in this category of our investment management would suggest that our pricing is competitive. So no, we don't see that kind of trend today.
William Morrison: It hasn't really changed, Mike. In fact, I think $0.80 is exactly the number that we gave at our investor conference in May.
William Morrison: But if you think about it, really, nothing's changed. We had a slight uptick in LIBOR and then came back down. So short rates, across the board, say up to a year anyway, are right where they were when we made those comments in May.
William Morrison: That's tough to say. I've said to you and others on this call before that we got into this cycle later than others because, on average, our clients probably had a little more liquidity and more staying power, particularly on the personal side of the business. And we will probably get out of it a little later than some of the others. And if you look at the trends of the top 20 banks compared to us in these categories, we have not exhibited the same trends that others have to date. However, I would tell you that in our large credit or large corporate groups, taken to include our middle market groups, credit quality has improved measurably. We continue, though, to have challenges in commercial real estate and residential real estate lending, particularly in some of the more troubled southern states; Florida, Arizona, Nevada. And the solutions to those situations will come in time. It's a bit lumpy, but I don't think I'm willing to forecast how soon that improvement is coming. I think the United States is stabilizing at an uneven rate, although I think everybody's getting a little bit better. And I feel a little bit better about it personally, but very difficult to forecast [indiscernible].
William Morrison: Not category by category. I'll tell you this, though, our expenses were up $40 million sequentially. And I agree, that's a higher number than we've seen in some time. There's a lot of seasonality around this. There's year-end accrual true ups. We did some stuff on comp in there that we usually do this time of year. We've got much higher expenses, and we don't know how long this will last. And I talked about this in the opening comments around Dodd-Frank and the increased regulatory environment that we're living in. We've got higher expenses to sub-providers around higher asset values. And as we've said before, we continue to make investments in our business; to whit, we spend a significant amount of money, as you know, each year, in IT capital and less amount in premises capital. And we continue to do that at increasing rates. And, of course, that carries forward in depreciation and amortization. But that investment seems to be validated based on the -- particularly, the institutional new business that I reported a little bit earlier in my comments. So we're going to have some level of carry-forward going forward, as we continue to invest in the business as appropriate.
William Morrison: No change, surprisingly, because we're recommending higher commitment to riskier assets. But PFS consolidated was at 36% equities at the end of the quarter, Mike. And that's lower than I would have expected. Wealth management client is the same thing.
William Morrison: I think that our very wealthy clients, framed as our wealth management clients, have moved some money in prior periods into alternative investments and equities. But our individual non-wealth management clients have been very slow to do that, I must say, surprisingly, to me.
William Morrison: Let me comment on the loans first. The three- and five-year and even one-year treasury moves down that drove that modifications surge that I talked about earlier seems to be well behind us because all of those indices have moved up quite a lot. So we're not seeing the same level of request for renegotiation in our residential mortgage book. And of course, the other driver, reduction in domestic loan yields, was the reduction in LIBOR. Personally, I can't see LIBOR getting much lower. So we don't see much more pressure on the domestic loan side. In the securities portfolio, that will continue in a limited way. And I say in a limited way because we have made some very nominal, very high quality focused extensions of duration in that portfolio to try to limit the downside.
William Morrison: Yes, you don't lap these issues until late in 2011. And we look at this every week, every month, as you can imagine. We have made some moves to extend duration to protect the ongoing depreciation of yield in the account. And we'll just keep watching it.
William Morrison: Well, C&IS business was a record, and a record by a big, big margin. The specifics around the new business are encouraging. It's not concentrated in one part of the Institutional business. We have excellent growth in the fund administration business. We have excellent growth in the investment outsourcing business, which is part of fund administration. We have excellent growth in the traditional pension business, and we have good growth, although you don't see it in the quarter numbers, in the investment management business. Also I would tell you that, that growth is distributed across all three key markets: North America, Europe, Middle East and Africa and Asia. So it's very broadly and equally distributed, and frankly, quite encouraging. On the personal side of the business, the new business for the full year was the second best this decade. We had a better performance in PFS in 2008, largely because of the flight to quality initiative that we all remember. But new business in PFS has been quite strong as well. And again, across all of the segments, principally the wealth advisory segment, the private client service segment and the institutional segment of PFS, and wealth management, also, which had been weak throughout the year, had a little stronger fourth quarter and a couple of very nice wins here right at the end of the year. So both businesses, new business, is encouraging.
William Morrison: Well, number one, there seems to be a seasonality that is historical around the end of the year, as clients clean up their balance sheet. Also, there seemed to be a bit of short covering at the end of the year. So I'd say most of it was equity market dynamics and client actions, neither of which we think are unusual.
William Morrison: Not a lot further. We've got some ALCO, or internal limitations, on that portfolio. We wouldn't go much beyond two years.
William Morrison: Yes, we can go up to five-year in the highest quality issues. And in a couple of limited instances, we have done that.
William Morrison: Almost all of our adjustable-rate mortgages are tied to treasury indices. So it's the one-, three- and five-year treasury that we really want to benchmark to. And those loans adjust annually, based on the anniversary date of the loan. So whatever the three-year treasury is on the date the loan hits its anniversary is the re-pricing date and rate.
William Morrison: Exactly. I was focused on the fact that we shouldn't see as much decline in the margin from modifications, and not so much on the pick up that we would have the next time they re-price. But we certainly will have that if rates stay where they are today.
William Morrison: There should be some carry over, particularly because the quarter was so strong into the first and second quarters of next year, yes.
William Morrison: Actually, our PFS business unit is looking at restructuring their whole approach to fees. And the mindset is driven by the question of whether we can do it in a better way and a more transparent way than we have historically. I don't believe they've come up with their final recommendations yet, so we can't comment on those. But those are typically thought to be fees around asset allocation and portfolio construction as opposed to fees within individual products. So we'll see where that goes, too early to really comment on.
William Morrison: Those are purely interest rate reductions driven by market conditions. So to get it down to a granular level, the client comes in and says, "I can refinance my three-year arm that has a 5% current rate at 3.5% with another organization. Will you match that and reset, or shall I move it?" And in most cases, we want to keep that business. Not all, but most. And so we try to renegotiate the rate at a slightly higher cost than they would be able to get by redoing the mortgage entirely, generally. And so we convert, if we have a three-year arm, we re-price and reset. But we keep it -- we try to keep it in a three-year arm product. We don't typically take a three-year arm and convert it to a 30-year fixed.
William Morrison: The quarter-over-quarter growth was about $300 million, so it's really pretty small. I would say that we have loan growth, at least in the personal side of the business, in most of our markets. And the pace is beginning to increase a bit in terms of demand. And I would expect that to continue. On the Institutional side of the business, larger clients, we have quite a lot of increase in commitments but a very small, in fact, no increase in fact of the clients actually in outstandings because those clients continue to access the public debt markets. And until that option becomes less affordable than it is today, I don't really see any significant growth in the large corporate business.
William Morrison: Just thanks to everybody. We look forward to talking to you again to talk about our first quarter performance on April 19. Until then, bye-bye.
