Biff Bowman: So there are a couple of factors that we need to consider here; first is the phase to Basel III. So largely it was a risk weighted asset impact. The two point that you talk about approximately 75% were driven by that conversion and then 50% were driven -- up to 50 basis points were driven by the shift in asset mix on the balance sheet. So we have greater loans and we moved items out of our fed deposits if you will into other earning assets. And is as expected we -- these are as we would have expected to move under the migration into Basel III and the shift-mix if you will on the balance sheet into assets that draw the RWA up again about 50 of the basis points and then 150 basis points is simply to move to the Basel III standardize.
Biff Bowman: I don’t know that the halfing is something that we’ll continue, but we’re just trying to put the balance sheet items to work. The asset mix as you can see shifted to the shorter end of the securities portfolio, so we have just put those items to a more effective use than 25 basis point deposit at the fed. I don’t think you should anticipate a half -- continued halfing though.
Biff Bowman: So, we’ve reprised some of our money market fee assets more recently than that, I think 2012 was the most recent reprising in a portion of our money market fee asset. So it's not fair to say that some of those aren’t current, but we are revisiting in light of the money market reform and all the other acts, we are constantly revisiting if you will our bulk of product offerings and capabilities as well as the competitive pricing landscape in that space.
Biff Bowman: As we previously disclosed we did agree to settle the alleged class action claims arising out of the client investments in the Northern Trust index funds that experienced losses from securities lending during the financial crisis. We took the 19.2 million pre-tax charge in the fourth quarter of 2013. The parties obtained preliminary court approval for the class wide settlement during the first quarter of 2015 and the final approval hearing has been schedule for August of 2015. So there are still some items that we are reviewing in the process the best sort of the most recent update we have on our securities lending.
Biff Bowman: If you will on the loan mix and if you will -- the lessening of the yield. The mix of products there has moved from, as we talked about residential real estate into what we would call investment secured loans. Those have a lower yield but they are well secured in high credit quality. So the mix shift there has driven a lot of that change if you will in rate, in terms of the first part of your question in the loan mix. So the areas we are growing our loans in have a slightly higher lower yield then the traditional residential real estate and others. So that is driven most of the loan mix down. In terms of the debt we did have last year 500 million of senior notes and then in the first quarter of this year we had 125 million sterling note which was used financed the bearings acquisition about a decade ago roll off in the first quarter. And then as far as the rest of the year we along with the treasure in the [indiscernible] committee of the firm look at our debt structure on an ongoing basis to determine what type of debt structures we will have over that roll off.
Biff Bowman: So as we've discussed before we have many ongoing expense initiatives around the firm. I talked about our location strategy for instance and we gave some numbers in our talking points were last year a little north of 75% of our higher were in our locations that we would call Operating Centers in Tier 2 and Tier 3 locations. That will continue ongoing and we've done a great job of managing our consulting and legal expenses that we've talked about that are other drivers on the expense front. Those can be episodic, particularly legal can be episodic but some of the disciplines that we put in place around there have aided us in the expense measures that you see here and in the expense performance that you see here. In essence it's a business as usual on the expense product, we've embedded some of the disciplines around the expense to trust fees that we talk about is been embedded into our businesses and people are gearing their expense growth rates to be in line with our trust fee growth rates.
Biff Bowman: If you're talking about the impacts on the P&L for us, to give some indication if you look at revenues sequentially we would have had 7% on trust fees -- excuse me $7 million of trust fees were impacted negatively. And then if you looked at it on a year-over-year basis that would have been about 15 million negatively impacted by the strengthening dollar, that’s an important line. On the expense side if I look at [indiscernible] largest expense line it was $14 million impact year-over-year and sequentially also 7 million. Just trying to give you some idea of our two main expenses.
Biff Bowman: So we do have some seasonality in our expense as you noted. We have the Northern Trust open and then we have certain compensation related expenses particularly with option expense for retirement eligible individuals that are seasonal. I think if you look probably historically you'll be able to see the spike particularly in our business promotions and other lines in your analysis to see. We felt pretty good about our ability to absorb that increase in expense in the first quarter and still maintained expense growth rates at you saw in our earnings release. As for things like legal and consulting, the disciplines we put in place around the use and the contracts, and the rate cards with those individuals, I think will allow us to create some permanent savings, but take legal for instance there is -- there can be episodic situations where we need to utilize outside law firms for situations and we continue to manage the cost of the rate cards, but if we have to use legal firms more for entities going forward or consultants for needs going forward it could move that needle around. I think most of the other expenses again are very much in line with the expense-to-trust fee ratio that we talk about and people are embedding that into their allowable growth rates in their businesses.
Biff Bowman: I am hesitate to say that that’s a run rate because of the episodic nature of some of it, but I think there is a portion of that that is permanent, but there is also the episodic need. So I am not sure I am willing to concede.
Biff Bowman: So if we look at our growth in our AUM and our asset management business in general, we did see growth in our cash funds in the quarter, we’ve seen growth in our OCIO business, our outsourced Chief Investment Officer business, very much we’ve seen growth in our enhanced equities strategy. Our three areas where we’ve seen growth are ETF business also has continued to grow as well. So, we’ve had -- and it's been -- I would also say it's been global as well, that growth has been both domestically here in the U.S. and particularly in Europe and in the Middle East we’ve seen significant growth in our AUM.
Biff Bowman: We’ve assembled a cross business unit project team which would as you describe encompass both professionals from our asset management business and our treasury team to look really in servicing the liquidity needs of our clients and in some cases that liquidity needed is balance sheet and in some cases that is in some form of money market fund or some other type of cash vehicle. There is a cross Northern Trust wide team looking at that, working with clients to understand their solution needs and it’s very active and moving forward at a pace as you might imagine, in conjunction with the money market reform that you see on the asset management side but also in relation to other financial institutions that have taken a very different tact around large deposits and we -- right now we view each of those on an individual basis, but we’re looking at that as I said across the business with a real holistic approach to client liquidity needs.
Biff Bowman: On volumes we did see a pickup in borrower demand particularly in U.S. equities and U.S. corporate bonds, our sequential volume growth was impacted -- we have sequential volume growth. However it was essentially offset by two fewer days in the first quarter versus the fourth quarter and I know you're asking from macro trends as well. We also saw sort of for us a mix shift in the impacted fee splits so our clients with different fees split were more in the market than those with perhaps more favorable to Northern fees splits. And so the clients having those less favorable fee arrangements represented a larger portion of our revenue in this quarter. Fundamentally though I don’t think we saw any other macro level issues that we would call out on the call. I would note in the second quarter we get our dividend fees and ramp up in security funding so we anticipate that in the quarter. 
Biff Bowman: I don’t know that I can answer that, if you want to be all candor. I'm not sure that I’ll have a good answer for you on that. 
Biff Bowman: We are -- our product team insight is actively looking at if you will the capabilities that those type of robo advisors if you will bring to the market. And if you will considering the technology that would enable our client situations more effectively and it is an emerging trend, our president of our wealth management business spends significant amount of time on the West Coast meeting with individuals to further understand the technologies if you will that are driving the wealth management business forward. So you're right, there is technology there, it today doesn’t target our typical client as you might suspect. But I think the nuances and the capability under penning the technology there is of interest to us to continue to evaluate. 
Biff Bowman: We believe our wealth management remains very well positioned versus others vis-à-vis the new fiduciary standards. A brief overview from a financial perspective we would expect minimal negative impact because our model is a fee based model, other have commission oriented models with different compensation structures. Ours are largely discretionary structures which don’t lend themselves to some of the issues the department of LIBOR has timed on. If you think about the discretionary incentive awards for our individuals, the factors that drive them are really based on client satisfaction, client retention and risk management and not driven by product placement and some of the other elements that the department of LIBOR is concerned about. And then lastly I would say this for 125 year the firm has been driven by fiduciary responsibility and we don’t some of these new requirement that department of LIBOR is talking about here is new news for us in that space.
Biff Bowman: So it is highly links to volatility and volumes. So it's very links to the volatility that you saw. We have taken -- as we discussed we have taken efforts to look at our e-commerce platforms and other solutions for clients that has modestly driven up our client volumes and our client share. But still the lion share of this is driven by the volatility that we see. We're hoping to further through products and capabilities and solutions, have more that is sustainable as you describe, but it's partially linked to volatility.
Biff Bowman: Well we used probably the same things that you do to looking at the JP Morgan, G7 currency volatility or the emerging market volatility index in the [seats], we have into April seen the same types of volatilities that we’ve seen and I -- we believe that you have the possibility of Central Bank divergence on monitory policy it could continue to create at least the need for more volatility or create volatility in the foreign exchange system.
Biff Bowman: If you look at our business and our asset management business globally, in the U.S. it has a strong balance between our asset, our wealth management business and our corporate institutional businesses. Outside of the U.S. that becomes largely an institutional base for our AUM and it has a significant position in our passive products if you will and particularly to large sovereign wealth funds those are meaningful clients across the globe outside the U.S. So there is obviously substantial pools of assets there and they need those kinds of index products. And in U.S. in the domestic product market, we have a wide arrays of suite of products in our asset management that are attractive to our clients from alternatives to ETFs, to mutual funds, to cash products, to active equity, et cetera. So it's a much broader spectrum. Institutionally, in the U.S. we also have a broader array, it still has a heavily cash and index component on the institutional side, but we do have an array. But on the wealth side it's a much broader mix product capabilities.
Biff Bowman: Tremendous synergies and if you think it from a -- we may be providing the custodial services and as part of a solution set to that client, they need help or they’re seeking help, or they’re seeking to outsource some of the pension responsibilities or the investment responsibilities, we become a fairly natural solution for them and there is synergies in the ability to bundle that product and service together.
Biff Bowman: So we do have several markets, you're correct where we have a negative rate environment. We have the Euro, we have the Danish krona, we have the Swiss franc, our three areas where we have gone negative if you will with our clients. In terms of the spread if you will on that it's interesting in some cases it depends on the reinvestment possibilities that we have in those. So we -- in some cases we have seen the spread erosion occur where the spread is narrowed and in others we’ve been able to maintain that if you will that spread even with negative rates. I will say that we on a continuous and an active basis we monitor the markets, we understand where we’re able to reinvest and we have active dialogues with our clients about in some cases perhaps the need to press further negative into the rate environment where Central Bank’s continue to take more aggressive negative rate stances.
Biff Bowman: We don’t as of our last asset liability committee meeting because we walked through this scenario. But we keep our eyes very closely pealed to I know what you're describing and to date we don’t have that situation. But we're continuing to stay close with the negative movement in the rate. Most of our lending is domestic in this dollar based; in fact I believe all of our lending is dollar base.
Biff Bowman: There are some but they are relatively modest level of expenses. There is compensation related expenses that would move with that success in the foreign exchange trading market. But there is not much else in way of incremental expense that moves with that.
Biff Bowman: So I would take a step back and say that our east region is very broad geographically, it goes from Miami Florida to Boston. So I think you need to sort of peel back into market by market type analysis which we don’t have in here. So we've got markets within there that have stronger growth trajectories than what you see here overall. We are -- and continue to have very large market share and meaningful presence in the Florida coast and we're building out that presence from what I would say the Washington D.C. quarter. We have meaningful presence in New York but continue to work on increasing our presence and penetration in that market all the way up to Boston. So I don’t know that I can specifically make a comment on generically about the East because it's made up of so many markets along the Eastern sea board. So some with great growth dynamics and some where we continuing to invest and want to deliver more.
Biff Bowman: It continues to be a growth initiative for our wealth management area and we continue to invest both marketing and probably more important talent [dollars] into the region to facilitate that growth.
Biff Bowman: I'll answer that with a few points. One is we had success in regions where we've grown quickly. So let me highlight Australia and we highlighted an Australian wins. So there is an example where the regionality and our strength in that region has helped drive that market share growth, that’s one area where we've seen net growth. Most notably has been our success in our servicing asset manager or our global fund services business. We've seen really substantial double digit growth in that business over the last three or four years and our ability to compete against our primary competitors in there and be successful has grown remarkably over the time. And then I would end with product and capabilities, technologies like what we have -- from in our hedge fund services, the Omnium acquisition and other elements of technology. The combination of technology, regional strength and growth particularly in our GFS business have allowed to market share gains. 
