Michael O'Grady: Thank you, Jennifer. Let me join in welcoming you to our second quarter 2022 earnings call. We generated solid results in what turned out to be a more volatile and uncertain market and macroeconomic backdrop than we've experienced in some time. New business momentum continued to be strong and our capital position remains robust. Revenue increased 12%, EPS grew 8%, and we delivered a return on average common equity of 15.7%. Second quarter results benefited significantly from higher interest rates and the elimination of money market fee waivers related to low rates. The weaker equity and fixed income markets began to impact our fees and client levels, and due to the lag in our billing cycle, this impact will continue in the third quarter. We saw a 7% sequential decline in average deposits, however, these were largely non-operational in nature. Our clients continue to see us as a valuable partner for the liquidity needs. Our expenses increased 9% compared to the prior year, reflecting inflationary impacts across our cost base, particularly within our Compensation and Equipment and Software lines. Despite this inflationary pressure, we achieved three points of positive operating leverage in the second quarter. In Wealth Management, we continue to see healthy levels of engagement with new and existing clients. Growth within our Global Family Office was particularly strong. In Asset Management, consistent positive flows into our FlexShares' ETF complex helped to partially offset equity market headwinds and broad-based liquidity outflows in our institutional channel. At $21 billion, our FlexShares' assets under management were up 13% year-over-year. We also saw strong growth in our alternatives offerings in the quarter. Notably, we were recognized by Asia Asset Management's 2022 Best of the Best Awards as the Winner of the Best ESG Manager in Asia, Best Factor Investing Manager in APAC, as well as the Best Application of ESG. Our Asset Servicing business continued to see positive new business momentum and the pipeline remains robust. Notable wins announced in the quarter, including Wilmington Trust and U.K.-based International Biotech Trust. Our Integrated Trading Solutions capability continues to be an area of strength. We also continue to see strong interest in our Investment Data Science product suite. In closing, as we navigate these volatile and uncertain times, we remain laser-focused on serving our clients, generating profitable long-term growth, and delivering value to our stakeholders. Before I turn it over to Jason to review our financial results in greater detail, I would like to note that we plan to publish our 2021 Sustainability Report in the next few days. I'm very proud of the progress we've made in our sustainability journey and serving as a force for change. Highlights for the report include our commitment to be net zero by 2050, a summary of our community support initiatives and the launch of a more holistic business diversity program. I'll now turn the call over to Jason.
Michael O'Grady: You're exactly right, Mike, that portion of our client base does have different dynamics to it. And so we're coming off of a time period, whereas we know not only did we see asset values increase significantly, but also as we've talked about in previous calls, the opportunity to monetize assets if you will meaning sell businesses or real estate or whatever it may be. Also was at a very high level. And so that dynamic clearly has changed as we've seen. So you see it in the sense of market activity as far as IPOs and things like that going down. And as much as there's still plenty of private equity capital that's out there, and looking to do transactions, valuations are lower and that changes their attitude about whether now is the right time to sell that business. That said, the position that a lot of these clients are in is that -- they've had a high level of liquidity and so when they see the markets go down, they are in a position to be very long-term investors. And so we see a lot of those clients actually deploying capital into the markets at this point so investing that liquidity that they've raised in the previous phase. Now as you move forward from that beyond having no idea where markets go et cetera, but just to your point on the wealth effect, there's no doubt that our business benefits when the overall wealth is increasing and accumulating their markets are robust. So that is a better environment for us. We think that it's more resistant on the downside of it as well. But all the same, it's at a lower level than when things are so good. So hopefully that addresses your macro question.
Michael O'Grady: Well, why don't I take that Michael? So I would say that we tend to approach the client relationships a little bit different I think than differently than some of our competitors. What I mean by that is on an ongoing basis, we look to make sure that we have a -- I'll call it balanced relationship or one that is generating value for both the client and ourselves. And there are a lot of dynamics to the relationships that we have with our clients, meaning that we're providing a lot of services that we're paid a fee for. There's a lot of other activity, whether it's balances or FX and things like that, that we're doing that the nature of the compensation, the revenues are different. And so it's always kind of shifting and sometimes it can go more or less to one side with particular clients and we like to be in dialogue with them. That doesn't always involve a change in the fee up or down, it can be a change in the level of activity that we're doing with them. That they do leave more balances with us or do other things. And so it's a different approach and I would say less programmatic about going out at a particular time and looking to necessarily increase fees. And as we know just over time because the asset levels have gone up, that's why there is a bit more pressure on the fee side of the equation to come down over time. When you have periods like this with inflation, I think you do see less of that activity, because all the players are in the same position. So a client or prospect going out to put their business out the bid so to speak is less likely to get aggressive bids by multiple parties in this type of environment than they would and others. So I would say there's no doubt that as you can see, we're feeling the impact of inflation on the expense side. We get a benefit in the sense of interest rates are higher. So that's a little bit of a hedge if you will that's built into our financials. And then just something that we look at over longer periods of time.
Michael O'Grady: You described it well as far as our approach there, which is we want to be able to provide the full set of alternatives for our clients and yet provided the added value, if you will, of certain particular funds that we can offer for them and then funds that we manage on our own or through vehicles on our own. And so within wealth management, for the platform, you kind of hit on some of the areas that are of greatest interest right now like private credit. And so it's a much broader set than maybe it was years ago as to alternatives. When somebody says alternatives, used to minimize that hedge funds or PE, now it's a much broader set of the types of products that they would have there. And then also my comment around the growth was particularly related to 50 South Capital, which is within asset management where we offer funds of funds. And there again, we've seen strong interest on the part of our clients to have that type of more diversified exposure to alternatives. And you're right, it has the benefit certainly from a return perspective for our clients, but from our perspective it is something that has a more attractive financial profile for us and one that further cements the relationship that we have. So we expect although there's always ups and downs in volatility with the various categories, but longer-term still that alternatives will be an area of growth.
Michael O'Grady: Yes. I mean, I guess one thing I would say is that in the Q, it's a model process and it does look at the forward curve and it's really a shock movement away from the forward curve. So I know that I think from beginning of the quarter, the end of the quarter, there was a move from the forward curve, but probably not in the same magnitude of how it would have been modeled within the Q. So it's a directional guide, I mean, the base case is what is not there, which is what the forecast is with the forward curve. But -- so I don't know if that helps, Betsy.
Michael O'Grady: Yes, it's just super hard to tell and sometimes rates are part of larger pricing and relationship considerations, but we would just expect at this point in the curve for those betas to be quite high. And again not -- it's 6% of the total, it's not tremendous an impact, but I don't think it's crazy to assume. And again, we're -- I'm just speculating say 75% to 100%. I don't think it changes the dynamics of the outcome significantly on NII, but it's -- when I -- when we say significantly higher, it's not 55% versus 50%, it’s more like 75% to 100% is a safer way to model it.
Michael O'Grady: Sure. Alex, it's Mike. So the way that we're thinking about it is that as you put in a number of factors on both the revenue side and on the expense side, that we want to be in the range for a pretax margin of kind of that mid -- low to mid-30%s, that's the type of range that gets us at the higher end of our ROE target as well. So that's what we're shooting for. And then you're exactly right, we're also looking at that expense to trust fee ratio, which has a different set of dynamics to it and has more pressure on it when you have markets going down and inflation. But that's not a reason to say that we're not focused on trying to keep that in the range that we've been in. So that is kind of whether it's one 105 plus or minus around that, that's where we're trying to keep it because our view is that over time that's a better more stable level or measure of our profitability for the business. So that's what we're looking to do. As far as looking at expenses again always trying to be focused on that and I would say even though you said the train has left the station for this year, we are very much focused on getting productivity in all the businesses, but particularly in the asset servicing business. And so those initiatives were very much in place at the beginning of the year and we're executing on those. And as we do next year, there'll be a new set of initiatives around how we get greater scale and efficiency in the company, but particularly in that business.
Michael O'Grady: Gerard, you're right. Historically, the company has been opportunistic and having the ability to add core capabilities during times like this. So that attitude or approach hasn't changed. I wouldn't say that we're out looking to take advantage of the environment per se. I would say it's more a similar strategic focus, which is growing the business organically. And then over time, if there are opportunities to accelerate that through acquisitions that we consider it.
Michael O'Grady: And Mike, I would say we're a global company that is headquartered in Chicago. I'm proud to be headquartered in Chicago. And like other important decisions, we look at it from a stakeholder perspective. You highlight one, which is -- I'll say the tax rate, but more broadly, the financial implications of being headquartered anywhere. And that is absolutely a relevant consideration and one that we're looking at all the time. But then you have other stakeholders that are critical to that, certainly where our clients are and where we need to be to serve them. But then also equally important is all of our partners, meaning our employees. It needs to be a great place to live. And so we are very focused on not just monitoring that over time and determining if it's a great place to live, but I would say actively being a part of the community to address the challenges and make Chicago an even better city to live in and to have our headquarters.
Jason Tyler: Sure. So I'll give you some thoughts. So don't hesitate if you want us to touch on a different component of it. First of all, just taking a longer-term perspective, deposits have been strong since the beginning of the pandemic, including relative to peers in the industry. So the institutional channel has declined in the last few months, but it appears that we just -- we may have peaked later. And since -- if you go back to the beginning of the pandemic, our deposits are still up meaningfully. We started the pandemic at about $90 billion, and you see now, we're around $130 billion. So going forward, the strategy is very consistent, remain focused on retail and operational institutional deposits. The retail deposits are effectively all operational. So our second quarter deposit volumes were down 6.5%. But let's -- I want to unpack where those sub-channels came from. So, first of all, more than half of that decline was in non-operational financial deposits. And generally, that is the most rate sensitive channel by far. It's also the fastest declining category for us, it was down over 11%. The second fastest category of decline was actually other non-operational deposits, which also -- which declined about 5%. And so if you focus on the wealth channel and the institutional deposits that are operational, the decline was just 3%. And another dynamic to think about is that within that period, we had tax payments, and so you'd expect some decline alone just coming from that. So I think that just highlights the focus on the fact that the vast majority of the decline has come in non-operational. And then I think you wanted to get a sense of where we are in the quarter even at this point, deposits have been down from the average of second quarter, but they seem to be leveling off. The decline that we saw in the second quarter was actually largely just in the month of May. And since then, deposits have stabilized at about $120 billion. So that's a lot, but I'll stop there, but that should hopefully give you a good sense of how deposits have been trending.
Jason Tyler: So I'll answer the first, which is just what we've seen so far this quarter, 85% of that has been non-operational. So strong continuing of that theme that those deposits are non-operational. We haven't talked externally about the mix of operational and non-operational deposits. And so we can think about that and whether in future quarters we want to do it, unless -- but I think that's a lot for you guys to be able to work from at this point.
Jason Tyler: Sure. So one, you're absolutely right, if you go back to mid-2019, even if you look inside 2019, we were over 160 in the middle of that year. And you're highlighting the right things to look on mix, there is no reason we shouldn't achieve or frankly surpass that level. The only caveat would be if you saw a very significant change in the yield curve, but we're not anticipating that. So no reason why we couldn't achieve or surpass that 160-ish. And then just as you're thinking about the starting point though, we gave you that number is about, it was $6 million or $7 million in interest income that came from recovery of those non-accrual loans. And so the starting point should be not 1 -- it's a little net, but it shouldn't be  (ph), think about it more at  (ph). And then betas is another thing that'd be helpful maybe to give you just so you can work the models better. For second quarter, betas are right at 25%. And as we're looking into third quarter, the betas could be twice that, but not 100%. And so we're still seeing attractive increase. And so I'm glad you asked about that because we hit on deposit levels and then NIM. And so we're trying to give you both volumes and betas, so that at least gives you the building blocks to work from as you're thinking about modeling NII going forward.
Jason Tyler: You're right in that. We -- just competitively, we like to have a strong position relative to the G-SIB peers. And it's -- when we're -- I always say when clients are depositing $100,000, they -- those deposits are insured usually by the FDIC. When they're depositing $100 million or $1 billion, they're effectively lending money to us, and we want to reflect that our balance sheet is strong, and so we look at that closely. We look at the CET1 is important which you highlighted, but also the leverage ratio. And so looking at those in conjunction, we look good on a relative basis and obviously plenty of room relative to any regulatory limits. But we'll continue to look at where things are competitively. And we'll also continue to look at what opportunities we have in the returns on buyback versus what opportunities we're seeing, the loan growth we had, we were very deliberate in looking at what the returns on that growth are. And we also talked about the spikiness of loan volume and other activity that even right now, currency markets moving aggressively has an impact on FX positions, which has an impact on what our RWA looks like. So all these things come into play. But in general, we feel good about the capital levels, but you've got to also note, we have historically been in a higher range.
Jason Tyler: Sure. Well, you're right that it's hard to look in a quarter. And it's -- in this year, it's even hard to think too aggressively about operating leverage for the full-year. If you think about what's happening in the influence of rates, the -- it's -- it has a big impact on net interest income, that's coming over time, it comes over quarters, the impact on expenses is happening more quickly. And so we can't get too excited about the net interest income coming and -- but we've got to stay focused on expenses. But let me walk through a little bit on the expense side and just give you a couple of highlights, and if you want us to drill in farther, we can. So first, and it relates to inflation, let's talk about compensation. And so for the quarter, just a couple of comments, and I'll give you a bullet point or two on third quarter. The base pay adjustment came into play in third quarter and fall, and that's in and of itself, $20 million lift quarter-over-quarter, it's usually half that amount. And then headcount was higher, and we also had some off-cycle adjustments, which brought in another, call it, $10 million. Currency helped significantly, call it, $5 million to $10 million. And then -- but a big component is the cash -- is cash-based incentive accrual. And so I think sometimes people forget as we do better, even in a category like NII, we're going to have higher CBI accrual coming along with it. And so that's something that's really important to think about. The second category on expenses that I'll call out is Equipment and Software, because that was a big -- that was a $10 million lift just quarter-over-quarter. And we mentioned it in the last conference that we were going to have about a $5 million lift in amortization alone, that's coming through. We'll have another sequential lift going into third quarter. And then the other component that we experienced in second quarter in addition to the increase in amortization is just software rental and support costs are higher, and some of that is inflationary, some of it is just our consumption is higher, but we are at this point anticipating another similar rise. And so just looking into third quarter, you'd see a similar step-up potentially from second quarter to third quarter than what we experienced in first quarter to second quarter. So those are the two big categories within expenses that I'd call out at this point.
Jason Tyler: Yeah, yeah, yeah, definitely. And the power of rates going up on where we are, and if you look at just the way the balance sheet is naturally positioned, and loans are high -- probably 75%-ish floating, and then even a big chunk of the securities portfolio reprices within a year, and then, obviously, the cash position is short. And so the asset side is significantly floating. And so even if we give up just half the increase on the deposit side, then we still have plenty of room to grow NIM and NII significantly on -- in a rising rate environment even from here.
Jason Tyler: Sure. So a few things there on loan growth, the rate should definitely slow relative to what we experienced over the last two years. The last two years, that growth was highly initiative-driven. We were -- we had a plan to communicate more with our clients, tell them that we wanted to be there more in their journey of investing more in their businesses. And we wanted to be being a liquidity provider isn't just taking deposits, it's also loan, it's also creating loan opportunities for clients when they need it. The growth has been very largely in the -- in that type of channel, and the quality in our appetite has not changed at all. And we're extremely deliberate in saying our appetite from a credit quality perspective was not changing. And if you look at some of the -- even the numbers around credit quality at this point, nothing has changed. All of the increases we had this quarter were in the inherent reserves, not specific reserves. We actually have net recoveries again, a small amount. And so all early signs are very good and that gets into your last question was do we have a recession? And do we have loan issues in a recession? We don't want to proclaim victory before something like that happens. But at this point, all the indicators are -- what are look good, and we haven't changed our appetite and what we brought on.
Jason Tyler: It’s under custody administration, okay, yes. And yes, I can take it and you add anything you'd like, Mark. But nothing significant from a flow perspective to call out, that -- so if I look at it mathematically FX was -- so currency translation was 2.5% hit and market levels another 8%. And so the vast majority of the movement you see was in those two factors. But the core business nothing to note from a flow perspective.
Jason Tyler: Yes, absolutely. So one, just a couple of things at a high level and then I'll dig in a little bit. So I mentioned, I think before probably 75% of the loans repriced, repriced within 90-days and even the securities portfolio about a third of those are floating. And then the cash portfolio obviously is very short, those are the three big categories. And it's interesting, because in non-operational deposits and that's why I specifically separated the financial versus the non-financial. The most extreme case of something where you have to stay liquid with the deposit is the non-operational financial services channel deposit. You really can't go -- you really can't invest that long. And so that just that stays effectively overnight. And it's largely, and there are exceptions, but largely. And that's part of the reason why if you see our -- the deposits come down, I talked about the fact that they were largely non-operational and that's why you saw the decline on the earning assets come largely from our cash position. And so you can see what the yields are in the cash positions. And if you think about the cost on the non-operational deposits, again, highly rate sensitive. And in many instances, those clients are saying it's Fed funds minus something. And so it's tight, those spreads are tight. And then if you work toward operational deposits those are ones that by nature, you're able to invest longer. And so those are -- there's a component of it that you have to keep liquid, you have to maintain liquidity for. But generally, that's what's going to be represented in the longer duration of the securities portfolio. And in today's environment where those are re-pricing and we're waiting anxiously for those to mature, but it just gives you a sense that those spreads are actually likely going to increase over time. So first of all, those clients tend to be those are transaction accounts. They tend to be less spread sensitive and we've got opportunity to invest them longer. And so that's why we keep emphasizing this distinction between the operational and non-operational or transactional or non- transactional, because the economics underneath them are very, very different.
Jason Tyler: That is multi, multi part. But so let me give you a couple of thoughts, but don't hesitate if I -- we want to be helpful as you guys are thinking this through, so don't hesitate to clarify anything. So let me try to work backwards, I mean, I get all the way back to the beginning. Yes, to the extent that the non-operational deposits are the ones that continue to run off faster that insulates betas a little bit. And then secondly, as we provided some commentary on what betas look like in the third quarter. Yes, that is incremental within the quarter, but that's us leaning in, in the spirit of trying to be helpful to uncertainty, we just don't -- a lot of what we're doing is just trying to hold on to those deposits, those operational deposits, because we feel they're so volatile. And so we're not starting from we want our betas to be 50%, and we'll see what deposits hold in. It's -- we're talking with clients telling them we want to be the liquidity partner for them. And so we're going to -- in large ways, at this point in the cycle, we're going to follow what we see out there to make sure that for those valuable operational deposits, we maintain deposit levels.
Jason Tyler: Yes. Yes, but again a lot of uncertainty in what that's going to look like. That's less factual, it's less target and it's more just our forecasting of what we think is going to happen based on what we think is going to happen with the yield curve and what we think is going to happen in the market.
Jason Tyler: Sure. Couple of thoughts there, one is we did move about $7 billion from AFS to HTM. And we did that post quarter close actually. And the future impact is that should be -- that should protect about half of the exposure we have had on from an OCI perspective. And then in terms of return, it should be about 3.5 years total for us to recoup maybe a little bit longer to recoup that, but it just gives you an overall general sense of what the trajectory looks like.
Jason Tyler: And timing matters a lot too. I mean, we came into the quarter with some lift from where rates were prior and then we also had mix was another benefit of probably 8 basis points alone just by higher mix in the balance sheet. And so there are other dynamics that came into play. And frankly, back to when you're doing those shock scenarios, you're making assumptions around beta, you're making assumptions on a bunch of different things, but it's not in reality, it just doesn't always play out that way. And the beta is at 25% for us were low. And we also had movements in other currencies and so a lot of things at play that led to the increase in NIM.
Jason Tyler: I think those -- I think that, that channel of depositors disproportionately relative to others have relationships at multiple institutions. And cash doesn't have a long-term commitment on it and they're able to seek yield when it's important to them. And I'm glad you asked the question, because I don't want the interpretation to be that we don't want non-operational deposits oftentimes those deposits are tied to broader relationships. Sometimes we do want those deposits for various reasons. The reason that we're highlighting the distinction is just the economics and the behavior of those deposits is very different. And as you think about where NII is going, it's important to understand and appreciate those differences.
Jason Tyler: Sure. Yes. That was -- we had outflows in the Money Market mutual fund business. And so that business has grown significantly since prepayment, but declined in the quarter from a flow perspective.
Jason Tyler: We have modeled it. We've looked back to see what correlation there is. And I have to say the takeaway is it's not our client base just doesn't -- it's not granular enough to say that there's strong correlation between what the modeling spits out. And you think about $130 billion deposit base, we have clients that have $10 million, $50 million, $100 million, $200 million, some super large institutional or even global family office clients to be over -- sometimes over $1 billion. And so it's just -- it's very spiky and it's hard to throw a correlation out publicly at what those models spit out. I think what's -- the one thing I’d think it's instructive to think through is that a lot of our clients think about cash as an asset allocation output, and so one of the things to think about is you're predicting where even core operational transactional deposits will look like is what are overall asset levels and what are market levels, because our clients consistently think about liquidity as an asset allocation tool. And probably less affected in a predictive way by what's happening at the macro level by the Fed.
Jason Tyler: We've got a lot of different guardrails around how we think about what to do. We obviously -- we have not been share repurchase is the first thing to do conversely saw us increase our dividend at this point. And so I think that tells you that we're not desperately trying to increase levels from here. We feel fine and again, we've got plenty of room from a regulatory perspective and we feel good how we look on a competitive basis. And so -- and we've always said it's a combination of different factors. We have very good conversations with our Board about how we want position capital levels. But we feel good where we are and always want at the same time take advantage of any opportunities in the market to grow the business. And sometimes that means just what we did with loans a couple of years ago and we made a big investment there from a capital perspective in the form of higher RWA exposure. And so it's just a good example of how we're balancing different factors at any given point in an economic side. The absolute levels is an important, but it's just one of those factors.
Jason Tyler: Two very different questions, I'll hit the first one. And you're absolutely right tax rate matters. And so I'll give you a sense of -- first I'll give you a sense of how -- where we are relative to others. First, a high percentage of our income is from wealth management and that's predominantly a domestic business, which comes with a higher tax rate. Two, even within the domestic exposures, we're in Illinois, California, New York, we're in high tax states. Then a lot of our -- we've got less benefits from tax credit investments. And another dynamic is we've got less income from tax exempt income. And then more of a nuanced, but important factor is there are limitations on U.S. foreign tax credits and that's actually increasing in our difference relative to our peers. And so those are at least a half dozen things that are that get to vast majority of the reason why there is a difference. Going forward, there are things that we can look at and try and implement to try and get that tax rate down. And so we're not just resting on that as a pay to complete. We -- it's something that we want to work on over time.
Mark Bette: And this is Mark. And as a reminder, the non-operational deposits wouldn't all be at risk. I mean we had plenty of them before the pandemic. And so -- but that is where we've seen the flows, the movement so far.
Mark Bette: Sure. Just on the marketing, Brian, there. Yes, we're spending that, if you will, throughout the year, so there's no seasonality, major seasonality like you had with the Golf tournament. And as we've talked about before, it's less about one particular area and more just doing marketing within the three businesses.
Mark Bette: Yes, Betsy. Part of that, this is Mark. Part of that was a -- there's a footnote I think on our reports that kind of talk about a netting change that we made. And those yields, I think it's both on the asset side and the liability side, and the yields would have been, for instance, on the asset side, trying to find that line, which is reported as  (ph) million. I think it would have been around $70 million, I believe. But there is -- so that -- so it was really driven by this kind of gross to net change both on the asset and liability side.
Mark Bette: So on a year-over-year -- this is Mark, on a year over year basis, it was about 2% and on a sequential basis, it was about 15 and that's for total expense.
Mark Bette: Yes, equipment and software and you're probably looking at just like our expense base, I guess, maybe two-thirds of that probably being within comp and benefits.
Mark Bette: The only thing I would -- I was just going to mention that the size of that, so the Euro deposits for us, it's about -- it's a little bit over 5%, 6% of our total deposits. So that's just something to keep in mind from a order of magnitude perspective.
Mark Bette: Okay. I think we're all good. So thanks everyone for joining us. Appreciate it and we'll talk to you next quarter.
Mike Mayo: Hi. A part of -- hey. A part of your NII guide, I guess higher, but you're -- I guess, you're not telling us how much higher, because you tell us your sensitivity to lower stock markets, the impact on fees, but you're not giving us the NII guide, but I guess you're giving us some building blocks. But one component is loan growth, and it's up 12% year-over-year. And one reason, some investors hold Northern stock is because it's perceived as a safe haven during a recession, your loan losses tend to be a fraction of the industry. So my question to you is, what are you seeing in the loan growth, especially among your retail customers? How much appetite do you have to expand that? Are you noticing some more competition because some of your peers are mentioning this more vocally about being a growth area? And does Northern experience recession, if we were to have one, because the clients are such high-end? Thanks.
Mike Mayo: And I'm going to ask one more, really big picture question. Maybe this is for you, Mike. But one concern about going into a recession is the negative wealth effect. And since you deal with the highest end customers, especially the family offices and like, what's the behavior of your customers after such decline in their personal net worth? Thanks.
Mike Mayo: Yes. As we tweak or update our earnings models, I'm just looking at Page 38 of your proxy and I'm looking at your peer group and you do have a lot of banks in this peer group, but the two most comparable banks seem to have tax rates that are 500 basis points below what you have. So I think you're in the range of 25% and those other two trust banks are closed through 20% or below, give or take? And so the question is, we always talk about pretax margins, what about after tax? What can you do, Jason, to better manage your taxes, which is one of the biggest expenses at the firm? And then you'll love this question, Mike. So would you -- under what circumstances would you consider a move away Chicago like Citadel, to the extent that, that could help your taxes? Thanks.
