Beverly J. Fleming: Thank you, Cindy. Welcome to Northern Trust Corporation's third quarter 2011 earnings conference call. Joining me on our call this morning are Bill Morrison, Northern Trust President and Chief Operating Officer; Mike O'grady, Chief Financial Officer; Aileen Blake, Controller; and Allison Quaintance from our Investor Relations team. For those of you who did not receive our third quarter earnings press release or financial trends report via e-mail this morning, they are both available on our website at northerntrust.com. In addition, this October 19 call is being webcast live on northerntrust.com. The only authorized rebroadcast of this call is the replay that will be available through November 16. Northern Trust disclaims any continuing accuracy of the information provided in this call after today. Now for our Safe Harbor statement. What we say during today's conference call may include forward-looking statements, which are Northern Trust's current estimates and expectations of future events or future results. Actual results, of course, could differ materially from those indicated by these statements, because the realization of those results is subject to many risks and uncertainties. I urge you to read our 2010 annual report and our periodic reports to the Securities and Exchange Commission for detailed information about factors that could affect actual results.  Thank you again for joining us today. Let me turn the call over to Bill Morrison.
Beverly J. Fleming: Ken, it's Bev. I don't have the custody breakdown between the 2, but I do have the total fee breakdown between the 2. And for the Bank of Ireland, it was $18.6 million, and of course, that's the full quarter. And for Omnium, it was $14.0 million. Of course, that would just be the 2 months.
Beverly J. Fleming: It is, Ken. I think 29 of the 33 was related to custody and fund administration, so there'd be a little bits of it in other income statement. But 29 of the 33 was in custody.
Beverly J. Fleming: Yes, Brian, I'll take that one, and you might remember that there was something similar that happened in the opposite direction a few quarters ago. We've got Australian dollar cash collateral posted against FX trades for one of our large clients, and that cash collateral was lower in the third quarter than it was in the second quarter. And basically, since we account for that, we account for the interest income in loans and leases. And then we have a matching currency on the liability side as well, and that interest expense is paid for -- or is paid out of non-U.S.-office time deposits. So what I'd encourage you to do is when you look at that shift in the yield on loan and leases, likewise, look at the shift in the cost of non-U.S.-dollar, non-U.S.-office time deposits, and you see they moved in a similar fashion, both tied to this FX cash collateral issue. And again, the collateral was lower in the third quarter than it was in the second. Very similar to what happened a couple of quarters ago, but a couple of quarters ago, it moved in the other direction.
Beverly J. Fleming: We have not disclosed the dollar amount of the total relationship, but it does not represent the totality of RCM's AUM.
Beverly J. Fleming: Yes. Maybe it would make sense for us to take the math offline, because I've got some statistics in front of me where if we strip out the impact of acquisitions, the fee realization on assets under custody actually went up a little bit on a sequential quarter basis. So let's compare math and decide where that takes us.
Beverly J. Fleming: Thank you, Cindy. We look forward to updating everyone on our fourth quarter performance when we release earnings on January 18. Thank you very much.
William Lind Morrison: Well, I think we've seen pretty strong growth over the last 12 months. In fact, I think our institutional business, specifically non-U.S., has really been the largest driver of -- on approximately 26% growth in earning assets year-over-year. There's also been some, I think, respectable growth domestically in the PFS business in terms of deposits and in resulting asset growth as well. But I would say that the large majority of the balance sheet growth, that 26% in earning asset growth that I just spoke about, has come from our institutional business, principally non-U.S. So it's there.
William Lind Morrison: Well, it's Bill, Howard. First, I would just respond by saying that our third quarter results were a bit of an anomaly in that they were up vis-à-vis our second quarter results, speaking in terms of FX revenues. So normally, the third quarter is a down quarter, relatively speaking. So we were pleased with our own results, really can't speak to why some of the other comps were up a little stronger than we were in the third quarter.
William Lind Morrison: Yes, it's Bill. I would tell you that the way we think about this is a combination of approaches, really. Number one, we have our own views as to general parameters around the level that we need, all other things being equal, to get our financial performance back to where we think it should be. And by that, I mean in the short to immediate term. So that's one lens. Also, we're taking a look at, but not really guided by, what other companies have done. We understand the ranges that large bank peers have set in their announcements, and we're informed by those. So at this point, I would tell you that we've got a fairly broad range, which as we've said before, we're not willing to describe specifically. But we've got a fairly broad range of dollar impact in mind. And the process that we have described before, and which perhaps we can talk a little bit more about today, is ongoing. And as we've said before, we'll be much more specific about that at the end of the fourth quarter.
William Lind Morrison: Yes, if I said back to historical levels of performance, I misspoke. I meant -- I think I may have said that we want these initiatives to drive us closer to a level of performance that we expect in this environment, because to get back to historical levels of performance, we're going to need some improvement in the macroeconomic environment, no question about that.
William Lind Morrison: All of the above. I mean, I would just add to what I've said, that one of the complications in this initiative -- and obviously, all the companies that are going through this have it, but we have it, in particular, focus is -- we need to preserve the qualities that are in place at Northern Trust today that drive the new business successes that we have been talking about quarter after quarter here. These record levels of new business in both sides of the business, and frankly, we have been talking about now for 4 consecutive quarters, results from an environment that we think we need to retain. So it's a complicated balance. I hate to not be able to answer your question more specifically, Ken, but I just don't have the answers today. We'll be more specific at the end of the quarter.
William Lind Morrison: It's Bill. We really haven't disclosed that, and I don't think we will, other than to say that for the rest of this year, we wouldn't expect any contribution. And as we move into next year and following years, we would expect both of the businesses to be accretive. And I think we'll just leave it at that.
William Lind Morrison: Well, yes. Absolutely. The acquisition really will be driven, in terms of the success, by the new business in terms of third-party clients that we're able to bring on. But also, there's an important cross-sell ingredient to that business on the existing clients that Omnium had, including those that are in the process of transition now. We're finding that interest in our other services from those clients is pretty high, so there's an opportunity there as well.
William Lind Morrison: Well, number one, the majority of the issues that we're contemplating and in the process of implementing, I would say, have not materially reduced the expense level, with the exception of the special charges we took in the second quarter. But that -- we talked about that before. So the reductions in expense and also the increases in revenue, because I would remind you all that our focus on this is focused both on sustainable revenue increases and also on expense-related productivity initiatives, are mostly in the future for us.
William Lind Morrison: Well, number one, I take you back to Mike's comments, where he said that our payout ratio so far this year has been 60%. That's a combination of our dividend payout and stock buybacks. Recall that we and other banks are operating under capital plans that, for us at least, began in terms of our first filing in the first quarter of this year, and our activities have been within the guidelines that we planned.
William Lind Morrison: I think we've got to work through that internally, and we've got to involve our board in that. We've got to go, as you know well, through another capital planning process for the benefit of our principal regulator, on the same timeline that we did last year. So -- and I should add that we continue to be differentiated in the process here from the SCAP banks. And the so-called SCAP banks, I believe, were required to file a capital plan on January 5. We anticipate filing our plan sometime late in January, after our regularly scheduled board meeting, and we've got some work to do internally and with our board before we submit that plan. So I really can't answer your question.
William Lind Morrison: Well, the 2 that I mentioned specifically, RCM and the Commonwealth Superannuation Corporation, are not in the run rate. They are won but not yet transitioned. So neither are they in the new business high levels that I talked about earlier because as you know, it's our practice not to include new business in the new business category until it's actually funded. So neither one of those businesses are in. And I would say that there are a reasonably large number of other situations, not just in Australia and not just IOO-related businesses, that have been won and not transitioned. Unfortunately, we don't have permission to disclose those names, but there's some very attractive names over all of our products and in all of our regions that are in a similar position as these 2, and that is won but not yet transitioned.
William Lind Morrison: Our philosophy is to accommodate our clients, plain and simple, Mike. Frankly, we anticipated a little bit more significant take-up of our balance sheet through the deposit side in August than we got. We ran down some of our leverage in anticipation of that run-up, but I think the quick answer to your question is that we've seen nice increases. And you heard my earlier comments about the growth in earning assets year-over-year from our clients, but we didn't see the huge inflows during August, particularly around the debt ceiling issue, that some of the other banks did see.
William Lind Morrison: No, we saw it pretty close. I mean, we see the -- we see our custody assets down about 6% sequentially. So I guess we would view that pretty near what we would expect, Mike. Bev may have something to add.
William Lind Morrison: Well, we all have seen that recently, haven't we? I can't comment on how the value proposition works for others. For Northern Trust though, with our quite significant personal business, firstly, we think an asset management business is imperative to growing the business -- an internally owned and run asset management business. We do have different market penetrations, institutional and personal, vis-à-vis some of our peers, Mike, as you well know, and I think I'll just leave it at that.
William Lind Morrison: I think on a case-by-case basis, Mike, as you've heard us say before, we're making good progress in improving our relationship pricing on the C&IS side of the business. I think as you look at the business overall, price competition is still quite strong, and we see that in our new business presentations. Price competition's still tough.
William Lind Morrison: Good question. I can't speak for the others. I mean, we're working hard on cross selling our relationships and repricing where we can and where appropriate, and we're looking out for ourselves, taking them one at a time.
William Lind Morrison: Rob, we did talk a little bit about that earlier. We detailed some of the wins that we've publicized recently. But generally, I would just say that our activity on the institutional side of the business has been quite strong. You might have heard Mike's comments earlier where -- well, he and I both talked about the fact that our C&IS net new business was -- for the first 9 months, was the best in this decade. We have had what I would consider to be not only strong growth but strong pipelines in our GFS business, in our custody business, and that strength has been consistent across the businesses -- across the regions, rather, that we do business in: North America, EMEA and the Asia Pacific. I wish we could disclose a few of the names that we've recently won, but unfortunately we can't. But the business has been quite strong, and we don't see clients on the institutional side waiting to make a decision. We're out there soliciting the business, and they are signing and moving to us at a good pace.
William Lind Morrison: I'd be happy to. We launched our first group of products last month under the brand FlexShares. And as of yesterday, we had about $300 million in AUM in those products, so that's off to a good start. As we've mentioned around -- the PR around our initiation of those ETF products, those are, at the present time, focused on our personal clients and prospects principally. And as time goes by, we'll market those products a little more broadly, but so far so good. The ETFs are off to a good start.
William Lind Morrison: That's a good question. I will -- I'm not sure I can give you the answer, but I'll tell you how I think about it. We've been, for the last 3 years, in one of the more difficult macroeconomic environments that I've ever seen. I've been around for a while. And our business -- new business growth on the institutional side of the business and the personal side of the business both have been pretty remarkable, pretty resilient through all but the first part of that period. We've commented on our personal and institutional business successes in kind of a macro context, and you've heard our descriptions around records or near records for the last 4 quarters. And frankly, things were reasonably strong and building prior to that. So I think the last couple of years, from my own perspective, will turn out to be kind of similar to the next couple of years in terms of environment. Hope it turns out better than that, but that's what we're thinking. And if the past in an indicator of the future, we should have strong new business going forward as well in both sides of the business.
William Lind Morrison: We would love to get there. That's easier said than done, and the complexity around that is the conversion for us and most of the other large banks in the country from Basel I to Basel II and then to Basel III. And I think you all know well what some of those complexities are. We're a ways, in my opinion, from concluding the conversion from Basel I to Basel II, and then I wouldn't get into the conversion from Basel II to Basel III. So we'd love to. It's just that we're going through a somewhat complicated process of developing and then having others who evaluate the effectiveness of our processes, opine on how our processes work. So there's more work to be done. We would love to understand, with finite clarity, exactly what the definition of well capitalized was under Basel III in our situation and then take the capital actions that we believe are appropriate for our company.
William Lind Morrison: Well, we're making progress, but I would describe one account at a time, one relationship at a time. As you can imagine, it's a very relationship-intensive process. I mean, you just can't send out a price increase. You've got to sit down and work through the development of a strategy to increase margin. Sometimes that's by cross selling a relationship that doesn't have the full suite of Northern products. Sometimes that's, where cross-selling isn't possible, just raising prices on the suite of services that the client currently uses. Our institutional relationship teams have been out doing that in the U.S. and outside of the U.S. now for well over a year, and we've seen some good successes, but it is a "one relationship at a time," very man-hour-intensive process. And we're making progress, but not quite on a wholesale basis or as quickly as we would like to.
William Lind Morrison: Well, I've -- Nancy, I think the context within which we're speaking is on the personal side of the business, principally. And I would agree that they have been quite risk averse and continue to be quite risk averse. If you look at the distribution of assets within our clients' personal accounts, equity participation adjusted for the market is about the same as it has been. It's down I think 3%, but as I say, market adjustment is kind of where we would expect it to be. And I think that clients are feeling a bit the way that you just articulated. How could you blame them, if I heard you right. It's a tough environment. There've been a number of things recently in the area of confidence, both in the United States and in Europe, that have not inspired clients. And we don't see the resolution to those in the short term, so we think that it continues for a while. As to whether we can change our product mix or our cost structure, I think our product mix is fine. I think we can take care of clients rather well, whether they intend to be quite conservative or whether they want to be a little bit more risk intensive, but I think the products are there. We've got the right kind of advice around our relationship management, and we can take the clients where they want to be. It is a capital-preservation business. And most of our personal clients are interested in preservation first these days, and we're well equipped to deal with that, we think. To the issue perhaps related around expenses, we are looking at the expense of all of the offerings in our business, both personal and institutional. We'll try to deal with that within that set of initiatives, but coming on.
Michael G. O'grady: Sure. This is Mike. On the NIM, as you saw, that our NIM sequentially went up by 2 basis points. Clearly, it's a challenge to maintain the NIM and keep it stable there. And what you saw in the quarter, Howard, is that while yields came down, and that's as a result of our need to continue to reinvest what rolls off the investment portfolio, we've been able to offset that by reducing our funding cost. And so if you really -- you look deeper into that, you could see that not only do we have our deposit rates come down on money market and savings accounts, but also, with the influx we saw in demand deposits and non-interest-bearing accounts, where that was up $6 billion on average during the quarter, obviously at no cost there, we were able to replace funding that had some cost and reduce the funding side. So I think that what you saw there, as you say, is kind of a volatile market with low rates. Our expectation is that we'll have to just continue to do that going forward.
Michael G. O'grady: Sure. It's Mike, Brian. So with the lower rates, obviously, what we're looking to do is to try to maintain that yield on the portfolio as much as possible. And to do that, it's a combination of extending out the maturities a little bit and making sure that we do it within the parameters from a credit standpoint that we've always been comfortable with. So right now, you are seeing the pressure on the yield there, because where we've reinvested in combination is a lower level than what it is before. And so, for the quarter, when we redeployed, we were somewhere in the neighborhood of about 70 basis points that we were redeploying all in.
Michael G. O'grady: Yes. As far as proxies, I'm not sure, Alex, but let me make just a couple of comments. I think that the fourth quarter -- excuse me, the third quarter run rate of $29 million represents not only the amount that we're waiving, but also the asset levels that we have in the funds. So what's going to drive that is, as you mentioned, what happens with rates, which we don't know, but then also what happens with the asset levels in those funds. The other comment I would make on that is as you've seen, these waivers have gone up each quarter, going back to last year. There is an ultimate limit in what those can be. So we're well through what the size of the fee waivers will be in a quarter, but that doesn't mean that they can't be larger.
Michael G. O'grady: Sure. Jeff, it's Mike. I'll take that. As you mentioned, there's obviously a lot of volatility and dislocation over in Europe, and there could be more. Certainly, from a client standpoint, that presents opportunity for us on the business side, which we're aggressively pursuing, and on the risk side, as I went through with our exposures, making sure that we've mitigated as much as possible the exposure that we would have to any downside scenarios there. On the M&A front, we do expect that there will continue to be dislocation and potential separation of businesses, which you've already started to see there. I would just say that I -- whether that presents opportunity or not, it's just a question of whether those opportunities fall into the strategic profile that Northern has always had. And I think that the history on that front is very consistent with what we would look to do going forward. So when you look at the 2 recent acquisitions, they had to do with acquiring clients and acquiring capabilities, and they were of a size that fit with our size profile. I don't think that, that necessarily changes as we look at what might happen over in Europe.
Michael G. O'grady: Hard to say vis-à-vis the competitors. I do think that the other likely beneficiaries over in Europe will be the same competitors that we face every day.
Michael G. O'grady: It's Mike. It's a combination of those 2. And just my impression, certainly, is that the opportunity set out there is as active as it has been. So as Bill said, I don't think that clients -- or I should say potential clients are holding back on making decisions for either putting business out or considering switching. And then to your second point though, absolutely. At the end of the day, winning the business comes down to our own capabilities.
Michael G. O'grady: Sure. The first thing I would say is we have an ALCO committee that very much focuses on the question that you're asking there. And first and foremost, as far as the objective there, is to make sure that we do have adequate liquidity, and I think you can see from our balance sheet and any type of ratio that might be used that we have excellent liquidity. And so we start with that. To your follow-on point then, how do you think about the deposits that are coming in, these are core deposits. So these are coming from clients. And as to how long they'll stay there, much of that depends on what the environment is. If you think about the environment we're in now, where buying a treasury gets a minimal return at all and they can alternatively also consider just putting it at a bank like ourselves that's very high credit quality and have federally guaranteed insurance as well, you can understand why clients will look at those alternatives and decide which one is best for them. Well, that dynamic can change over time, but these are very much core deposits from clients on both the personal and the institutional side.
Michael G. O'grady: Yes. What I -- if I said it, let me just be clear on it, which is what we're trying to do is essentially maintain a consistent duration there. So the average maturity of our portfolio is about 2 years. We also think about it as an index duration, which is more thinking about how often or how soon that reprices. That's much shorter. That's closer to 8 months. And so the point being that as the maturity -- as securities mature, you need to put them back out there in a way that's going to maintain that. We do that through a combination of some securities that may be shorter term than that. As you mentioned, we can buy on the short end there, but then also, we can certainly go out longer than either the 8 months from a repricing standpoint or the 2 years overall in order to get what we think is the appropriate return.
Michael G. O'grady: Yes, the majority of it is due to rates falling. The funds have gone up, so it contributed to the increase, but the majority of it is certainly due to rates.
Michael G. O'grady: Yes, we don't look at them the same way that they've characterized them. I think that we view these as being deposits from our clients. They certainly fluctuate over time, as I mentioned, with what the environment is and what the alternatives are, but we don't look at them as being "excessive deposits."
Michael G. O'grady: They stick on, and then it's like I said. Depending on client -- different clients at different times, we'll have different balances, but the key piece of it, I guess as I look at it, is it is our client base. It's not that we're attracting deposits that are just coming for a short time period and then are going to move off the balance sheet within a week or some other short time period.
