S. Biff Bowman: Okay. So two parts to that. The first is around the premium amortization. When we consider sort of the outlook for premium amortization, we consider the drivers in our mortgage-backed securities portfolio and there are several as you cited. First is our expectations around the rate environment. The second is obviously the pace at which refinances happen and we model all of that in. And there is also third, a seasonality to it. If you look historically at our prepayment amortization, it tends to be at its highest in the second and third quarters with some relief in the fourth quarter and first quarter, absent any unique rate environment that we're in. So we factor all of that in, and we've seen that play out over previous cycles. This was larger than we've seen historically, and I think it's probably driven by the rate of refinancing in the markets. The last element in the premium amortization is the characteristics of the portfolio we're invested in ourselves, how much time is left to maturity and what is the underlying construct of the portfolios we're invested in. So when we weigh all of those out, we do tend to see a tick-up in second and third quarters' seasonality normally and then lower in the fourth and first quarters. Again, the rate movements can also impact that as well. The second part of your question was around deposit betas, I believe, with a second rate hike. When and if a second rate hike occurs, obviously, the first rate hike produced close to a zero. Deposit beta not much was passed on in that. We think even in the second deposit beta, while observing it for the first time that we would continue to see that sharing, while it would move up, still be relatively favorable for financial institutions and us as well.
S. Biff Bowman: So we, approximately a year ago, made a decision to exit our loan and lease portfolio, particularly, our leasing portfolio given the relationship nature of that portfolio. We are approximately half way through the execution of that, perhaps, slightly more. The leases are still of good quality, but we are selling them in the marketplace as we find the appropriate buyers. So that will continue to progress in future quarters as well.
S. Biff Bowman: Relatively modest at this point. As you've seen, our loan growth in other categories has more than offset what is the reduction in this category that you've seen. So our residential real estate and this leasing portfolio have shrunk. We're still at a 5% loan growth rate.
S. Biff Bowman: So, Alex, we need to continue to focus on the items we talked about, which is driving through our location strategy, i.e., relocating our employees to where they can, A, best serve the client; B, do that where we can pick up talent; and third, do that in a cost-efficient manner. That program continues in earnest, and that is a meaningful driver of our improvement in that expense-to-fee ratio. But there are others, too. Efforts around procurement, where we have used our leverage, if you will, to purchase things like market data, things to use purchase business promotion items, travel, and use our leverage to drive those down. And then, third is technological spend where we can consolidate things like storage, we can consolidate items like data centers, et cetera, where we can actually improve that ratio. And it continues to be an important driver, and an important internal measure of our productivity.
S. Biff Bowman: Yes. So, Alex, the actions and the charges that we described earlier were management decisions that we took to help future run rate, absolutely. And so those could benefit potentially the less depreciation that we talked about in the client contract, write down the asset from implementations, and secondly was the severance. Those are items, particularly the severance that we anticipate receiving about a $15 million benefit within 12 months.
S. Biff Bowman: Yeah. We won't realize that potentially for the first – for 12 months as they phase in, but in the run rate when they are, it's $15 million.
S. Biff Bowman: Yes. So you're right. The sequential last year was up 24% and only up 18% this year, and most of that was probably a more moderated div-arb season this year. Relatively modest, as you saw, our year-on-year was basically flat. But, essentially, there was a modest tightening, if you will, in the div-arb season, so we've experienced slightly less. And I would say, the volumes were down, spreads up, made that difference, but the combination of those really led to sort of flat year-over-year, but a little bit less of a bump than we saw in the previous first quarter to second quarter.
S. Biff Bowman: I only have one – we only have one year as a trend, so I'll (41:18). Yeah. It certainly felt I think that there was some of that in this year's cycle, and that could be different tax rules.
S. Biff Bowman: So when we look at our strategy for capital actions and what levels of capital we retain, we really do focus in on four things, Glenn. First is growth and we have growth plans, and do we really have the right level of capital to facilitate that growth? We've had three consecutive years of very high payout, as you know. An example would be our balance sheet has grown almost twice the growth in our common equity over the last three years. And additionally, if you look from 2013 to now, our assets are up almost at a CAGR of 5.6%, and our common equity is only up 2.7%. So we look at sort of the ratio or the relationship between the growth that we want in our plans and the capital we need to retain to fund that growth. The second issue we look at is how does our business perform under stress and do we have enough capital to deal with whether it's a Fed-mandated stress scenario or our own idiosyncratic, and we look at the proper level of capital to absorb that. Third is credit ratings. As you see, at a 10.6 Common Equity Tier 1 standardized ratio, we're mid-table, maybe even slightly below on a point times. So we're not at the top, but we worry about what that would mean from a credit ratings we want and need to maintain high credit ratings. And then third is – or fourth is around our clients. In the marketplace, our clients do evaluate what our capital levels look like vis-à-vis others and they can use things like the ratios that we're talking about now to measure that. And so being in the vicinity of our close-in competitors, we think it's a competitive factor. It doesn't mean we have to be exactly there, but we have to be within the area code to make sure that that's appropriate. We weigh all of those and we come up with an ask. I will say if the retention of that is not generating ROEs that we think if it's supporting risk-weighted asset growth that is not generating the 10% to 15% ROEs, we will revisit that in our next submission.
S. Biff Bowman: So first, Ashley, we don't provide the revenue breakdown and expense breakdown by the regions. But let me give you a proxy, perhaps. If you look at – we do provide the assets under custody in certain regions that can give you some indication of the relative importance in size in the marketplace. If I could answer a little bit more the question around Brexit and its impact, I'd just start by saying that the good news is, is the team was ready and executed very well on the immediate impacts of Brexit, which was most important for our clients and that it was relatively seamless and the client was largely unimpacted by that while a lot of volatility was going on. In terms of impact to us, I think it's very early to make a comment on what that would be as we're still watching the situation unfold. But I think it is important to highlight exactly our business mix in Europe. We are largely a C&IS institution, corporate and institutional businesses in EMEA. We have a small wealth business, but largely it's corporate and institutional business that does both administration for pensions and also asset managers. The important characteristics there, particularly, for the fund administration is – or excuse me – for all the custody and asset servicing is the right to do that across Europe. Our banking entity is based in the UK today. So if that passport doesn't get negotiated as potentially could happen, we have to look at where we could also conduct businesses. We have large fund administration businesses in Ireland and Luxembourg which we think, their or others, we could leverage to re-domicile or domicile a bank to allow us to conduct our business, and I promise there's working teams actively engaged in that right now.
S. Biff Bowman: Okay. So on a year-over-year basis, the impact to revenue was about 1% drag on revenue, $8 million or so, and the impact on expenses was about $8 million. So it was a 1% benefit. And sequentially, quite frankly, it was immaterial.
S. Biff Bowman: Yes. So it does not reflect all of the asset that's held. There are other clients where this contractual right is still in place. But for certain clients, the situation was this. When we take on their piece of business, we're able to capitalize it and create an asset. The contract language typically had the right for us to claw back the implementation fees and the client had the right, if you will, to terminate the agreement. We negotiated a mutually agreed change to that where we gave up the right to claw back based on our understanding of the relationship at that time, and they gave something back as well. And when we gave up that ability to claw back, we were able to write the asset off and then obviously have the depreciation benefit in future run rates. It does not represent the totality of the asset. It's not every contract did we renegotiate those terms. But, in these cases, we did. I do want to make it clear. These are important ongoing relationships where, quite frankly, the willingness to do that, the claw-back was something we were willing to do. So there's a favorable positioning there.
S. Biff Bowman: Yeah. Brennan, when we submit our plan, we absolutely think about organic and inorganic growth. And those opportunities are considered by our board and by our committees and we look at both opportunities. And the consideration of flexibility in a volatile market period is something that we weigh in our capital plan submission. And we do that on an annual basis. And I can't really say much more than that. Our M&A strategy has not changed as a firm. We have typically and will continue it for the foreseeable future to focus in on acquisitions that either add a client capability that we don't have a geographic region where we need scale or a talent source or a technology source where the acquisition provides us with that. But we do consider it in our capital plan submission.
S. Biff Bowman: Sure. So let me start with activity, if I can take your last. In both of our primary businesses, we continue to see strong new business and wins in both Wealth and C&IS. So I would say organic growth rates in both businesses continues to be high. We don't publish that, but it's at or near normal levels that we've seen or if not slightly higher than that, and that pipeline remains strong. So on the fee growth side, organically, we feel it remains strong. If you look at the actual fee growth that you're reconciling, there are some headwinds in there. There was some currency negativity in the comparison, particularly, for the C&IS business, so it was hurt by the stronger dollar. That was one factor. And in the C&IS business, there can also be some lumpiness to that as the wins tend to be very large, but we feel very good about the pipeline and the growth rate. On the Wealth side, the new business flows and, in fact, in the second quarter were very strong, very robust, but they do still have the issues that we've talked about on previous calls, which are around fee compression as we have seen, for instance, the migration from, say, active to passive, particularly, true in the Wealth Management business. So that has created fee compression, which is somewhat offset by growth in new business. So across both, we still feel pretty good about our growth rates in those businesses. And I think particular this quarter if we looked at it, even excluding the benefit of fee waivers, Wealth Management across its regions still had mid- to high-single-digit growth rates, which I think is pretty good, particularly relative to the industry.
S. Biff Bowman: Yeah. You're right, Ken. When we adjust for the premium amortization, we actually think the NIM probably would have been up 1 basis point, taking that out. I know we can't, but if you did, that explains the sequential decline. In terms of forward thinking on the portfolio, if the rates stay at the levels we're at today and the low end of the curve doesn't move, we'll have to think about the delicacy with which we manage that. As you know, we're significantly impacted by the short end of the curve, which has remained relatively flat, if not even slightly up. I think three-month LIBOR has actually moved up just a tick or two. The longer flattening impact has a much more modest impact to us. So we continue to look at that, look at where our runoff in our portfolio is and how we can reinvest that.
S. Biff Bowman: Yeah. Let me walk through that line item – the important line item. So roughly, Marty, one-third of that line item is directly related to revenue. It's sub-custodian expense, it's third party adviser fees, it's brokerage clearing. It's really tied to revenue. About half is, I would say, directly or indirectly tied as well. Things like market data that we have to pay to other vendors. Some of our offshoring work that has – that's volume-driven, et cetera, is tied to market levels and revenue performance. And then, that's about 80%. About 20% then gets down to what I would say more discretionary spend in that line item, that things like consulting that you've highlighted where perhaps it can move and ramp if we need to take on special initiatives around regulatory environment, or if Jana Schreuder, our Chief Operating Officer, has programs of work around digitization or improvement to lower future run rate, we can, from time to time, see that move. I will say that if you take just the consulting spend portion of that, the rate has actually slowed from the second half of last year. I know you see this number spike. It has slowed. It meaningfully went up in the second half of last year as we ramped up for CCAR and other regulatory. We have seen that start to slow in this quarter, but it's still at elevated levels versus year-on-year. And there is also in there some expense associated with the severance that I talked about and some expense in there that's associated with Aviate, our acquisition. So when you pull all of those down, the growth rate was more modest than the absolute year-on-year or sequential comparison.
S. Biff Bowman: Yeah. So they are separate and distinct decisions. And, for instance, the decision to monetize a portion of our Visa is, quite frankly, driven where we think from a risk perspective, we have significant exposure – as I highlighted at the beginning of the call, we have significant exposure there. And we make decisions on when we think are the right times to monetize that investment. Separate and distinct were charges where we think the right thing to do was address those issues and, quite frankly, change the trajectory of either our expense run rate going forward in some cases or take risk off the table in other cases where we were settling legal concerns. So they are separate and distinct. It does help. The one thing is we do look and care about where our capital ratios are, and it is a way to not degrade our capital ratios if that's something that we view as important.
S. Biff Bowman: Yeah. So we do look at that every month in our ALCO committee and take feedback from our economist and our asset management professionals and make decisions around the duration of the portfolio every month.
S. Biff Bowman: Two things. In the first quarter of this year, we had a $3.5 million lease credit. So I would say the run rate in the first quarter if you look historically or look backwards was higher than what you saw. So that growth rate is artificially high. And then, we did also put on Pune, a second site in India. So we do have a second site in India. And third was Aviate. We have some space that we took on from the acquisition. So the increase, first of all, is much more modest if you take the $3.5 million out. And then, if you add in Pune and the Aviate, it explains the more modest increase in occupancy.
S. Biff Bowman: So they are not included in those charges, and there was $2.4 million of OTTI related to our Community Reinvestment Act investments. And the securities were purchased to help with our CRA efforts and we have to mark those from time to time, and we took a charge as our generally residential mortgage-backed securities.
S. Biff Bowman: Yes. Year-over-year, fee waivers declined $28 million, and quarter-over-quarter, they declined $8 million, and lastly, they're effectively at zero in the quarter. I think we weighed $200,000 in the quarter.
S. Biff Bowman: It appears to be in line with what the rest of the industry has done, and we had concerns that there would either be a sharing on that way up or that the pricing would change. And it appears that the industry largely has been able to recoup that on the way up much. (01:05:34).
S. Biff Bowman: So the growth in loans that you see there often, in our case, helps us drive other fee-related businesses. And those – the combination of the credit plus the fee-based business that helps us or enables us to win, we think, can drive north of the 10% to 15% ROE. So in some cases, we have the leverage. To your point, we have to buy the loan or others to get the fee-based business. That's why we think the combination of funding those risk-weighted assets and growth through the retention of earnings can produce an overall ROE that's in our targeted range.
S. Biff Bowman: Yeah. Vivek, I think the securities growth is probably more a function of our foreign office time deposits and the growth in that line, which is more driven by our C&IS custody business, drags big deposits there where, quite frankly, the opportunity to place those is better suited for a securities portfolio than to use it for loan funding.
S. Biff Bowman: Yeah. It's across – it's the entirety of the portfolio that we're considering. We have not put all out for sale and marketed at this point, but we are looking at the entirety of the portfolio, which would include the airline leases as well, aircraft.
S. Biff Bowman: So we're certainly rounded to less than $1 billion. How's that if we interpret what's that in the portfolio. I think rounded down, it would be under $1 billion when we round well under $1 billion. I think it's approximately – it would round closer to zero than it would $1 billion. How's that? We'll go with that...
S. Biff Bowman: It rounds closer to zero than it does $1 billion. The second item would be in terms of the marks, we look at the residual values and other values of that and lower cost to market for items that are for sale, that are held in a held-for-sale category every quarter. So there could potentially be movement there and there could potentially be gains and losses on the actual sale of those in subsequent quarters. But as we said earlier, the total amount left to sell would round to closer to zero than it would $1 billion.
S. Biff Bowman: So, the marks, I think, were taken by certain types of leases where, for instance, aircraft and/or other types have seen some degradation in their values. And so we have to take residual charges even if we're going to sell them at some point in the future, we have to mark them appropriately.
S. Biff Bowman: That was about 24 basis points of the 31-basis-point yield drop was from the premium amortization. And then the other was just a security – certain higher yielding agency securities ran off in the quarter that replacement on those was at a lower rate, but the majority – the significant majority was from the premium amortization.
S. Biff Bowman: Yeah, interesting, Adam. Let me take our Wealth Management business. In the first quarter of this year, we saw cash as an asset class with inflows in most of the risk-seeking assets, equities and even in a little bit fixed income instruments with outflows. We saw that trend reverse in our Wealth Management business in the first quarter where we actually saw risk being put on the table at least certainly early in the quarter where we saw our cash balances actually coming down. And we saw increases, particularly in our case, in fixed income. But I think we saw some risk on in the quarter. So interesting. On the C&IS side, our flows tend to be more passive mandates, so S&P 500 and other types. That's not our only, but our biggest flows tend to be there. And we've seen those move around from time to time. Particularly as we cited in certain large sovereign wealth pools, they've actually had to monetize some of those index mandates to deal with local requirements, if you will, in their regions. I think we saw that slow a bit in the second quarter, perhaps, as the price of oil or other factors stabilized to some degree. So we saw that pace slow. But I think that's the color I would say around where we saw flows in the quarter.
S. Biff Bowman: Yeah. I think for your models, I'll let you do the modeling. But those numbers are reasonable item to model in.
