Mike O'Grady: Thank you, Jennifer. Let me join and welcome you to our second quarter 2023 earnings call. Our results for the second quarter reflect solid sequential performance. Trust fees and assets under custody and management increased sequentially, which included positive organic growth in each business. Net interest income was down modestly on a linked quarter basis, reflecting higher funding costs associated with the highly competitive deposit backdrop. Expenses excluding the neutral items are well controlled, reflecting the rigor of our cost discipline, as well as the impact of various productivity initiatives. We reported $64 million in charges in the second quarter associated with these steps. Our wealth management business modestly grew assets under custody and management and trust fees on a sequential basis. We continue to see strength in the higher wealth tiers and within our global family office segment, where we captured several marquee wins. Our industry leadership position also stood out in the quarter. We held our third annual Northern Trust wealth planning symposium, bringing together legal and financial experts to share innovative strategies and insights to shape the future of wealth management. Sessions averaged more than 1000 participants and included attendees from North and South America, Europe, Asia, Africa and the Middle East. We also released the second family office Trends Report co-authored with the Wharton School. Notably, we received a utility patent for cloud based goals driven Wealth Management Technology during the quarter, and we're named best digital Innovator of the Year and Best Private Bank for Digital Wealth Planning by the Financial Times Group. In asset management, we saw strong flows into our institutional money market platform in every captured share. We also won a number of key mandates across products including outsourced investment solutions, tax advantaged equity, and quant active. Our new product launches in the quarter focused on alternatives. Within asset servicing, we continue to have good momentum in core custody and fund administration, particularly with asset managers in Europe and our pipeline remains robust. In the U.K., we are reappointed by Brightwell for middle office services. Brightwell is the primary service provider to British Telecom pension scheme, which has more than 50 billion in assets under management. Among asset owners, we clinched several key multimillion dollar takeaway wins in North America, where our front office solutions, which provides a comprehensive view across public and private assets was cited as a key differentiator. As a testament to our capabilities we are recently awarded three prestigious industry awards, including Best Global custodian for asset owners by Asian Investor. In the second quarter, we launched A-Suite, content community and Collaboration Hub for global asset owners. Within the first few weeks of launch, we've seen significant client engagement. Going forward, we expect this new communications channel to create relationships with key target audiences and further showcase our expertise in the market. In closing, our balance sheet continues to be very strong with ample capital and liquidity. Our new business momentum is gathering steam and our pipeline remains robust. While there's still more work to be done, we're making solid progress following the trajectory of our expense growth. Rationalizing our cost base remains a top priority and the governance and control mechanisms we're putting in place today should drive sustainable improvements for both the near term and for years to come. We head into the second half of the year well positioned to support our clients and generate value for all of our stakeholders. I'll now turn the call over to Jason.
Mike O'Grady: Yes. No, that's right, Brian. And I view it as you're kind of implying there. On the fee side, it tends to kind of grind up more gradually subject to the markets and NII can be more volatile. And the only other area I would just highlight is around our capital markets activity, FX and brokerage and trading there, which has been relatively subdued during this time period with lower volatilities, lower activity, which that can also change and that has different implications to just meaning those can be more profitable.
Mike O'Grady: Yes. So Rob, your two questions relate to each other which is the primary way that we can drive that ratio to the range that Jason talked about is through organic growth on the fee side and then controlling organic expenses, all right? And to your point, if you have higher organic growth, that is going to require more resources. And to the extent that you don't achieve that, then you have to make sure that you're reducing the organic growth on the expense side to get there. But those are the two areas that we control the most. And then you say, okay, but beyond that, as Jason mentioned, on the fee side, it's going to have the impact of markets and sometimes currency. And on the expense side, you're going to have the impact from inflation and to some extent, currency. And so try to focus on what you can control the most, which are those two items, organic growth on fees and organic growth on expenses to ultimately drive it to the target range.
Jason Tyler: Sure. So betas have continued to increase and from here, I think we still have to separate the institutional client base from the wealth client base. We noted that we're cumulatively across the platform within this quarter in the high 80% range. The institutional channel is likely going to be at 100 at this point. The wealth channel still provides some benefit that there's the betas there are a lot lower. But at this point, we're seeing about 100% in the institutional channel, and still much less than that. And well, both of those trends seem to be continuing as we've seen early signs in the in the quarter.
Jason Tyler: Well, like you we have looked back a lot where it's troughed. And the data we have showed it a little higher than the 15%. You mentioned, I think it's 16%. But I don't think about that as a floor. There's nothing structural in the base to consider that a floor. Now that said, it has been moderating significantly. And we haven't seen much movement at this point. Obviously, there's a step down this quarter of another percentage point, but it seems to be leveling off at this point.
Jason Tyler: Sure. So let me tackle the expense. The compensation related first. First, I'm sure people are curious, where is the base from here. So let me just provide some background on kind of first quarter to second quarter, second quarter to third quarter. I think from here, we'd say flat to down from second quarter ex the severance charge in the compensation line. So if I go back to last quarter, we explained that the significant movements for second quarter would be the $40 million seasonal decline in equity awards and then the $20 million increase in the base pay coming online. That would have put comp at about 575 for the quarter. And obviously, ex the charge, we ended up about $8 million better than that, including currency. So two factors led to that. First, we pulled a lot of levers in the quarter to flatten compensation, including accelerating and close to completing the actions that we launched in fourth quarter of last year. So in January, we communicated that the projected reduction by late '23 would be about 300 roles. And about $5 million to $7 million in quarterly comp benefit net of reinvestments. So we got a portion of that work done in the first quarter, and we mostly finished it in second quarter and that was a big part of the reason it put us ahead of schedule. Second, as we saw the timing of that first program, accelerating and coming to completion, we launched a new effort during the second quarter, specifically related to what you referenced, Alex, and the severance charge that we announced this morning. We've already gotten some benefit of that within the quarter, and that's reflected in the results. So overall, this new program, to your question, should impact about an incremental 600 roles many of that will be backfilled based on a lens of skills or geography, but same goal, we should be able to get $5 million to $7 million a quarter in run rate savings and a portion of that got embedded in the second quarter. So we've got to remember that we did pull lever hard this quarter, so there's some hiring that's in the queue, but we also pushed a fair amount back. And so that's why with various puts and starts, it's good to think about a flat to down from the comp levels you see in second quarter ex charges going into third quarter. So that's hopefully helpful background there. To get to your questions for the rest of the year, where do we see expenses? At a high level, we've taken about a point out of the curve for the year based on the trajectory that we're on. To your point, if you take out the notable items, this year on a -- each quarter has been under 6, and we think we've taken that point out of the curve at this point and that should continue through the rest of the year. To margins, you're right that we've been in the 30s and now in the 20s. Our target has us one of our key performance indicators is for us to be in the 30s. And no way have we lost sight on that. That is where we're trying to get. That gets impacted largely by what's going to happen in our minds, we can control the expense side. And obviously, we're doing a lot of work there. And we're also getting good benefit because we saw good organic growth in the quarter. And so both levers are working in the right way, but we have definitely not changed our target of being in the 30s from a margin perspective.
Jason Tyler: Yes, you heard right. It's held in quite well so far in July. And we didn't -- June, you see the end of the quarter and there's a spike there. But in general, June and July have been at about this level and have been holding in well. Our client activity is good. We've taken action here to make sure we're talking to clients aggressively and telling them we want to continue providing good liquidity services for them, whether it's lending or holding on to their deposits. We talked last quarter about the fact that we think about liquidity broadly. It's about client liquidity. And it was good to see money market funds up this quarter. That adds to margins really well, too. And even as we think about what clients are holding in brokerage. And so all of the client liquidity seems to be holding in well. On the seasonality dynamic, August is a low point but it's not -- it doesn't go dramatically. We've looked back several years. And so we're feeling that deposits at these levels seems to be holding in okay. So I can even give a little bit of thought from our perspective at this point, based on our outlook. I think it's prudent to think about another decline, even though deposits are holding in pretty well, but we see the competition. And so I think it's prudent to think about another NII decline of about 5% for the quarter. Again, June and July volumes have held in at about $100 billion to $110 billion, but we just have to be conscious of the competitive environment and what the summer tends to hold in terms of volume pressure.
Jason Tyler: Sure. Well, it's good to call it out. I think in equipment and software, in particular, we were better than what we thought we were going to be, but that was really two factors led to that. One, we did have some delays in projects coming from WIP into being depreciated. Those will come online, so that's more timing. And then secondly, we've been working very aggressively as far as the productivity office to just negotiate on and then try and push inflation down, and we had some good results there, bringing costs down. And so from here, we think third quarter up $5 million to $10 million in that line item. Fourth quarter, we can even tell because some of it's baked an additional $5 million to $10 million lift from that perspective and outside services, no update to make there.
Jason Tyler: Well, I mean, in the short run, I don't think we're still absorbing an inflationary environment from an expense perspective. And so would like to be able to do better even than what we're doing right now in the long run from an expense growth perspective. On the revenue side, as you know, the financial model enables us to have lift from 2 different areas. One is the market left, and that's tended to provide low single-digit growth rates, but it's a very strong component of the financial model. And then, secondly, the organic growth. And if we can have low single-digit growth in wealth management organically and then mid-single-digit growth in asset servicing, that provides a good model for us to get well above the expense rates that we think we can lead to in the long run and provide good operating leverage.
Jason Tyler: Yes. It's interesting. It's actually not just the family office but the very top end of wealth advisory and those clients can be similar size. They just happen to not have a family office and are leaning more toward us for wealth advice as opposed to the broader set of more operational and reporting services that the Global Family Office provides. We are doing better at the top end and looking at the new business that came on board and at the pipeline, the accounts above $20 million, just that was where there was more velocity. And that's been consistent for a while on that business. And so there is something to that dynamic, we seem to be doing better at the top end. That's where a disproportionate percentage of the growth has come from.
Jason Tyler: It is correct to interpret that as saying we don't see 7 at this point. We've said 7 or better. And at this point, we should be doing 6 or better. We've done that first half, and we see a path to that in the second half as well.
Jason Tyler: Yes, I can give you some thoughts on it. Just from a timing perspective, it's been in the works for many quarters. But one of the pillars of the productivity office is to look at what we refer to as internal investments to ensure that they're on track to meet our hurdle rates or returns and margins. The charge was a project to build out a new client capability in asset servicing, specifically in the asset owners channel. So after working and eventually discussing with different stakeholders, we didn't reach commercial agreement on terms that would meet our hurdles. And so we halted the project. I think it's importantly, I'd presume you'd ask, are there others like this in inventory, absolutely not. This is a large project endeavor that we've been working on and didn't reach resolution that got to our hurdle rates and so stop the project.
Jason Tyler: Yes. Well, it was more costly to build than we thought, and the revenue dynamics were not at that point, going to get to our hurdle rate. It really is reflective of us taking an extremely disciplined approach on items like this where we're not going to devote resources to areas where we're not going to achieve our hurdle rate. And so well before we talked about this, even internally, one of the pillars that we talked about for the productivity office was looking at our internal investments and this fits squarely in one of those areas. We define that as areas where we're allocating resources, whether it's capital or expense dollars, and we're not at our hurdle rate. And so this is one where we were disciplined in saying we're going to stop now, halt it and not invest more into this.
Jason Tyler: No, thanks for asking. It probably is help for you to clarify. It's helpful to others. So thank you.
Jason Tyler: Yes. If we can be in the 110 range, then -- that's 105 to 110, then we feel like we're in good shape to do well. And we're grinding to get down there. We got down there before. We've been well above it. We got down into that range, in fact, even slightly below it for a quarter or 2. And now all the factors we've talked about, higher inflation, markets coming down, and the effects of NII going up not helping that metric, we're outside that range, but it is an important part of our financial model to be in that range. And so it's the first thing I look at is where are we. And it's good to see us getting back toward the number that the range that we've articulated. It's another one of the key performance indicators that we talk about internally.
Jason Tyler: Yes. So actually, just to clarify, there was the release, the release as a result of some improvements in a small number of borrowers in that book. But that more than offset an actually worsening outlook that we have overall for CRE. And it's not dramatic, but our outlook on that portion of the book actually would have caused an increase in the reserve.
Jason Tyler: Yes, absolutely. So the duration of the securities book is it to one, the duration of the balance sheet is just under one. You're absolutely right to call out that it is an interesting time in what we think was the evolution of the yield curve. And so we've been allowing the maturity of securities to become more liquid as we reinvest them, that's brought down duration at this point with the yield curve, we are talking about where to go from here. That's not indicating it's going to go up. But at this point, we are thinking about where is the yield curve, where is it going? And how does that influence what we want to do as the large securities book continues to mature and provide opportunity for reinvestment.
Jason Tyler: Yes. As deposits come down, the securities can act to obviously, the funding mechanisms for it. That doesn't move very quickly. And so the deposit size is always going to influence the earning asset size. So what we have to then think about the constraining factor at that point becomes what does leverage look like. And we've got a lot of room from a leverage perspective. And so that's what sometimes will lead us to think about discretionary leveraging just to make sure that we're not missing opportunities to pick up some NII even if it's a very thin NIM based on where the size of the balance sheet is because it doesn't flex super quickly.
Jason Tyler: Yes. And part of it is that in this the deposits have just been so volatile and so you don't want to commit to significant movement in shrinking the balance sheet. And we want to be there for our clients. We've got plenty of capital. We've got plenty of room for a leverage perspective. And so just not anxious to quickly do any significant moves. And so to that extent, as deposits come down, you have the opportunity to then say, maybe we want to use some discretionary leveraging, again, we printed a 7.4 Tier 1 leverage, which leaves you a lot of room. And so if we hadn't done leveraging that incremental leveraging would be even higher in the 7s. And at a point, you just have to say it just prudent to make sure you're taking advantage of the opportunities that exist. So.
Jason Tyler: Sure. The overall theme of what you saw in this quarter makes sense in the near term, where you'd see us be in the market for share repurchase. The thing that worked against us, the AOCI actually worked slightly against us this quarter, usually, in a neutral rate environment, the pull to par will give us some lift there. but it did in this quarter, that's fine. But even so, the $100 million we did is about -- it's kind of -- that's the model we're thinking about. In the short run, big caveat is that the FDIC special assessment coming online, presumably in third quarter, that would be a similar dollar amount as what we did from a repurchase perspective this quarter. And so you could see us saying hold off for a quarter, get that payment done and then get back to your game plan.
Jason Tyler: Sure. Well, on the first, just to make sure I said it right earlier, the 100% going forward would be for the institutional side of the business, not for the overall deposit base. And to the question of how does that compare historically, this is higher than it has been historically. And there's different dynamics that you and I could talk about, I think, that are driving that. But there's very strong competition for deposits right now and for various reasons. And so we want to make sure that we're there for our clients. And we've got the ability to do that. And so we want to make sure that we're holding on to our fair share and providing that liquidity capability for clients. I think about reductions, the reductions, they can come quickly. And the way we price, the way we the way our agreements work, we get fast movement on the way down. And so we should be able to get deposit costs down quickly as rates come down.
Jason Tyler: Well, it is more volatile, not just over the long run, and we went from 90 to 138 down to 106 but even within the quarters, a lot of volatility. But I think that's driven by some of the macro factors and what we saw in early March spooked a lot of depositors, obviously, and then another trend of debt ceiling and then leading to another trend of deposit competition, all of those things are having -- or driving significant different preferences that clients have, not just between which bank to go to but whether to use banks versus money market funds versus treasuries. I think all of those factors are what's leading to the heightened volatility we're seeing.
Jason Tyler: The significant movements are almost always going to come, well, almost in this case came from asset servicing.
Jason Tyler: The asset servicing segment is actually overall been relatively stable. We'll see big chunky movements in and out but the overall level has been about the same. The wealth segment is more granular. The GFO client base is much chunkier, but you just think about the amount of clients in the wealth segment, it just makes it more granular.
Jason Tyler: Service has been great. And we didn't provide detail in the expense allocation between the business units. But just in general, you'll note that the headcount is down but no impact to service levels whatsoever. The low single-digit growth I referenced was related to organic growth within Wealth Management.
Jason Tyler: Yes. In certain categories, it will. And so in equipment and software, we'll see -- in that line item, in particular, we'll see upward pressure, $5 million to $10 million third and fourth quarter. I didn't reference other line items. We mentioned outside services relatively flat. So that's really the only forward-looking information we provided, except for the comp number, which you referenced.
