Biff Bowman: Let me start with this, I would say as Rick pointed out in his comments and I will say here again that, we have always focused on growing our franchise. What this initiative allows us to do is to increase the profitable growth trajectory of our firm. But we still are doing this to ensure that we can invest in those targeted areas of our franchise that we think generate the best return and the best return on equity to our shareholders. So these initiatives align our expense base and our – and the growth in our expenses more in line with our organic growth rates and they do allow us to invest in those targeted areas that we describe at many times on these calls whether that’s in our wealth management franchise or asset management franchise or asset servicing franchise. Mike, I don’t know if you want to…
Biff Bowman: So, we think this will allow for the trajectory of profitable growth to continue to improve with these initiatives, but there will be growth still in our franchise.
Biff Bowman: Yeah. So, a couple of things here, one, as we said, we will update you as we proceed through the program but we do believe the progress will be fairly evenly distributed across the horizon we’ve laid out for you. So there will be some initiatives that come in at different times and there will be some variation in the size and the magnitude of those, but it’s probably best to think of it as a fairly evenly distributed improvement across that $250 million expense initiative program we laid out.
Biff Bowman: Yeah, couple of points on that. As we said in our prepared remarks, calibrating the expense growth rate of the firm more in line with the organic growth rate that you just described is one of the outcomes of these initiatives, so getting that $250 million out gets that relationship that are co-related. And the second part of your point is, we have had investment as we talked about in our risk infrastructure and other areas that we’ve build out over the last three to four years that we think, I think the best we’ve bent the curve there to flatten out that expense trajectory which should allow us to get our organic growth rate closer to the expense growth rate that we think is a firm is better aligned. And this initiative should create that alignment over the next three years that we laid out.
Biff Bowman: Yeah, sure that’s a big – there were a lot of questions on there, there is a lot of detail. Let me walk you through a few of those answers if we take a look at how we think about the deposit betas first. If I look our retail deposit beta, it has stayed relatively low, it moved up modestly from Q2 to Q3 but still is low on the retail deposit beta. On the institutional beta that we’ve seen, it has migrated north, it has migrated higher over the last two quarters. I would highlight that what we described coming out of last quarter, we have the ability to re-price our balance sheet daily and in periods of time if our market was higher or if our beta was higher or lower than the market we’ve been able to adjust that and have taken some of those actions in the third quarter. So we have seen that beta begin to rise on the institutional side but still flat. We’ll see with another rate hike if it manifests in December if that’s a trigger point on the retail or wealth side in particular. As it relates to non-interest bearing deposits, the second part of your question was, how do we think about non-interest bearing deposits, and let me walk you through our non-interest bearing deposits to give you some color as to the breakdown of that. About $21 billion to $22 billion in non-interest bearing deposits, and the way we think about it is, about a quarter of those are wealth management deposits, those have traditionally been sticky non-interest bearing deposits. A quarter of those are cash management or treasury management related deposits, those two have been there in support of operating business. That leaves about half of the remaining portion of our non-interest bearing that are really supporting our asset servicing business. A meaningful portion of that half is also in support of operating businesses, let’s call it a quarter to 30% of that which leaves us with a residual of about maybe a quarter or so of the $21 billion that is what could be deemed to be excess. We have regular dialogs with those clients and in many cases, they’re not excess, they’re there for their own operational reasons. We do offer to your second point alternatives for those deposits, should they become rate sensitive. Those deposits have the alternative we could pay for those deposits and that has what we have seen as you’ve seen the non-interest bearing deposits reduce, many of those are in this bucket of whether we call that excess but they are rate sensitive, the most rate sensitive in that bucket. We have alternatives for them of either making them interest bearing or move into our off balance sheet cash products and you can see our cash AUM has moved up to capture some of those and then you can also see that our interest bearing deposits particularly in the savings and money market line has also in the recipient of some of those as we move them into interest bearing. The last part of your question was about international deposits, particularly those that are non-dollar I think you were focused on and what our alternatives are for those. We do offer cash funds in Europe for those. Traditionally those balances however have stayed on the balance sheet, it’s just more historical norms and the nature of our custody business there has been that we do have off balance sheet alternatives but tradition has been much more to use the balance sheet. So I hope that’s a, a quick walk through the non-interest bearing deposits. And the outlook for those is, we have regular dialogs, we saw the majority of – or we saw a largest amount move in the second quarter, we saw less this quarter as you saw but we did still see some clients in that quarter piece of that bucket that are having dialogs with us.
Biff Bowman: So the first part of your question is right, it is correct, the $250 million is in that calibrated ratio that we talked about which is organic growth rate and the expense growth rate of the firm. In terms of the expense to fee ratio, I think what we would describe to you is, we talked about our focus on driving fee operating leverage into our business on a regular basis, that will inherently drive that ratio down from the 108, 109 levels that it is today on a continuous path. We are not putting a firm target out there because we need to continue to drive that ratio further down through that fee operating leverage I just described. And again I would highlight Alex that for some of our businesses, if we put one target down it’s different by business and I internally as well as externally, we don’t want to necessarily anchor to one number. If we do anchor to driving fee operating leverage into our franchise, that will inherently bring that ratio down overtime and we’re going to continue to talk about that and describe the progress we make.
Biff Bowman: Yeah. I think you’re thinking about the right way. It’s opportunities that we can both optimize the capital and the strong capital position we’re in, it’s ways that we can put that to work and whether that’s utilizing our balance sheet, you will have seen in this quarter that we did some I would say relatively modest leveraging but we’re in this position of capital strength and we’re able to do that to generate some incremental net interest income for instance. We can put it to use if the demand is there in our securities lending business, we can put that capital to use in there. But we are talking about generally optimizing that capital that we have, if we’re not in a mode where we’re returning it through share repurchases and the dividends, obviously we will do with regular dividends but if we’re not in the practice of share repurchases then how do we put that to work, and that’s what we mean by optimizing our capital and liquidity to enhance returns there.
Biff Bowman: Yeah, let me back up just a bit. I think we’ve talked about trying to generate fee leverage is what we’ve talked about. But to do that, we wanted to focus on those items that we have the most control over, which is new business primarily on the fee line with markets creating and currency creating movement on that but primarily new business on the few line and on the expense line it’s primarily our control of the expenses inside of our franchise impacted by currency is kind of stripped out. What we think about is, we want to generate that positive fee leverage and so to do that, we recognize it overtime markets and currencies and rates are going to – markets and currencies primarily are going to move around. We want to focus in on those things that we can. On the expense line that’s making sure that our expense growth rate is more closely co-related or tied if you will to the organic growth rates that we see in our business. And I hear you’re saying those can move around too and that’s where we have to have the disciplines to try to move the expense rate if the organic growth rate slows for whatever period in that time. We’re trying to get those calibrated. What we’re not saying here is that we’re going to publish a organic fee leverage ratio or that we’re going to describe that in great detail each time, but we are using it internally to help calibrate the growth rates for our franchise, particularly on the expense side.
Biff Bowman: AUC was roughly 40% driven by flows and 60% driven by I would say markets and currencies roughly. In AUM…
Biff Bowman: No. What that reflects is what you saw in there disclosures was the full array of products and services that they provided to those clients. There are certain elements of those services that Northern Trust did not acquire if you will or will not be providing. So, we were not providing what you would say was the full three basis points that they disclose value of services, so we did not acquire all of those.
Biff Bowman: Yeah, and Betsy I would say that we’ll – on the January call we’ll provide an update of what we experience from the fourth quarter and try to break that out for you in better detail.
Biff Bowman: Yeah, flex shares continues to grow nicely. We’re at about $15 billion now and over 20 different strategies within flex shares. So, going well and I would say continues to be an area of focus for us. Just to remind you, again those are not index oriented directly but rather either factor based or some type of tilt strategy to them. So, we’re not looking for just volume there, it’s what we believe to be strategies that are of interest to the client base that we have.
Biff Bowman: Yeah. So, it was definitely a deploying capital with some additional discretionary leveraging we do would be deemed I think to be very low risk discretionary leveraging, placing it in typically fit deposits and elsewhere. So, it’s a pretty low risk leveraging strategy but that incremental $2 billion was – generally we leverage around $3 billion and this quarter we moved it up to closer to $5 billion in the quarter of deploying…
Biff Bowman: Yeah, historically the fourth quarter has been low and premium amortization. And if you look over the last few years, it’s been the second lowest quarter, the first quarter is typically the lowest. Plus what you described is the macroeconomic factors that are going on right now that would tend to lead us to believe that that will be lower and certainly lower than the third quarter and the fourth quarter.
Biff Bowman: Not – it might be a little premature to size that at this point but as we get greater clarity on that and have a public forum, we’ll discuss with that.
Biff Bowman: I’ll start, I’ll let Mike or Rick comment. So when we described driving performance, that was also a $250 million but that was a combination of revenue and expense, and what we described here is expense first of all. So these are all buckets of expense initiatives. This has, as we described sort of three legs to the stool, the productivity, the sourcing and I’ll call it alignment – organizational alignment, so if you think about this it’s how are we structured and are we efficient in that structure, how do the processes we have to process trades or to complete work operationally, are they optimized, could they automated, could they – tools like AI robotics assist in that. And then the third leg of where we think we can get after these is in sourcing. An example I would give to you there is manage services. We are looking at outsourcing if you will the management of mainframes and other pieces of our technology. So, inside those three buckets is where we have a series of initiatives. We do have line of sight to those initiatives. And as Mike said it’s – and Rick said it’s about the execution of those initiatives now.
Biff Bowman: I think the end of period balance sheet Gerard can move around quite a bit just because of position changes at the end of a quarter or even sometimes at the end of the month. But I wouldn’t necessarily read into that as a launching point for an average on the fourth quarter.
Biff Bowman: So we do think about the net impact of this overtime but the expense and the investments and the savings may not all be perfectly matched in the same quarters and/or periods. You’re absolutely right, there will be some investments to unlock some of the savings that we’ve talked about and that can come in the form of technological investment capital that can come in the form of potentially if there is charges needed in some cases to get that run rate right. So those expenses are being calibrated in and how we think about our overall financial position. So there will be some investment, they may not always match perfectly with the economic savings that you see in terms of the same period but as we managed just over a three year program or a three year set of initiatives, we do believe that the investment needed to drive the $250 million is been calibrated into our financial. Thank you.
Biff Bowman: Yeah, again the period end is, I would say it’s tough to look at the period end balance sheet. Like what we might be doing with our balance sheet, clients as well are positioning deposits with us at period end.
Biff Bowman: So, I would say that I wouldn’t use it as a launch point but there was a – from the second quarter, the clients that we had that that alone had an impact on the average for the third quarter as well just like what we saw during the third quarter that now come out on July 1st, so there would be a potential residual impact that carries into the fourth quarter as well.
Biff Bowman: We have seen the premium amortization on a – if you were to look at it over the long run rate of it, of fourth quarter run rate, you’re probably looking at a normalized level of $10 million to $12 million depending on the size of the portfolio. So that might be one way of looking at if you were going to try to rebase the margin by taking the difference between the $10 million to $12 million and the $9 million.
Michael Grady: Yeah, Glenn, it’s Mike. I would say that’s the case. Just to broaden out on it a little bit, so we feel like the business is extremely well positioned. And I say that from the perspective of thinking about wealth management, asset management or asset service business and the market positions that we have, the segments that we’re in and the growth that we’re experiencing right now. And when we look at the opportunity, we think that we can continue to grow at an above average organic growth rate. At the same time, in order to do that, it does require investment. And what we’ve seen over the last few years is, in order to attain that organic growth that essentially we’ve had to invest at the same rate, and so we’re not improving what we would consider this, the overall productivity for the business and not seeing the level of increases in returns that would meet up with our expectations. And so as much as we’ve been focused on productivity going back to driving performance and through then, so it’s not as though we stop thinking about productivity. We’ve just acknowledged the fact that we have to be even more discipline around attaining that profit, that productivity. So, putting more initiatives in place and being more discipline around the tracking of those both internally and externally so that to your point we can continue on the same strategy which we think is attractive but improve both the profitability and returns of that growth.
Michael Grady: Yeah, I mean I would say that’s where a lot of it comes, that improvement in markets for example should drop to a positive fee operating leverage.
Michael Grady: And what Biff is saying, when you strip out markets rates currency that we are looking to still have positive fee operating leverage on an organic basis, definitionally. And on the downside, I would say, to the extent that you get into a very difficult market environment, you still have to react to that as well which we have in the past.
Michael Grady: Sure. So, the first type of investment I would talk about because it runs across all of the businesses is in technology. And how we are investing our technology dollars both to enhance the client experience for each of those businesses but also to be able to provide those services more efficiently, and do so in a much more digital fashion than the way it’s been done historically. And that is a key driver of investment where we get benefits across all of the businesses. And then to your point beyond that, the nature of the investments are different in each of the businesses. If you think about wealth management, again we’re very well positioned with that business primarily in the U.S. but from market-to-market we have different levels of market share if you will. And so if you think about some of the markets that we have not been in as long historically and have lower market penetration, then we need to make the investments in the form of hiring people, marketing, those types of investment dollars. Biff mentioned the gold tournament this past quarter, and that’s an example where we have previous done that on the West Coast. This year it’s been moved out to the New York area, that’s an area that we have lower market share but growing, and an opportunity for us to invest dollars and change the trajectory if you will of the growth rate for wealth management. In asset management, it comes in the form of having to hire new people and develop new products. Again a perfect example of that which we’ve talked about before is our ETF business where going back six years ago was – didn’t exist but it was launched and now we’re up approximately $15 billion and over 20 ETFs within the flex year’s complex. That does require investments but now sitting here six years from now, that’s an attractive profitable business for us. But it demonstrates what you need to do if you want to be able to do expand in that business and then also comes in the form of distribution for that business. So once we develop the products, how we distribute those both through our existing partner channels if you will, wealth management and C&IS but then also directly to third party investors as well. And then I would say within C&IS, again just thinking about investment a little bit differently as much as the business has grown and expanded I would say organically over the years to the extent that we do want to accelerate that in a particular area whether it’s a product capability or market, we may make the investment in the form of an acquisition. Though UBS again perfect example there of where we’ve deployed approximately $175 million to change the positioning of our business in Luxembourg which is a market we’ve been in for over 10 years and have done nicely but this puts us as a top 10 provider in that market place. So, again, technology across the board and then I would say beyond that it comes in different forms.
Michael Grady: Yeah. So, as we talked about, the primary growth opportunity is organic, it’s not to say that we won’t consider additional acquisitions like this but just to be clear on it, we don’t view it as a consolidation type strategy in that business. And to the first part of your question, as Biff mentioned, on an operating business – operating basis, excuse me, the UBS acquisition is profitable from day one but it is a pretty significant integration that we have over the next several quarters. And as we get the business completely onboard, move off of any transition services agreements, then the profitability is consistent with the rest of our business.
Michael Grady: So, the $8 million to $10 million that we described in the fourth quarter includes both integration and direct transaction cost associated with this. So there is, and that’s not backing in the [Inaudible] and others that are directly associated with the close. So the integration expenses from meaningful amount lower math as we said in the last…
Michael Grady: ...in this quarter was 3.5 and you can probably back out of that $8 million to $10 million whatever you think the transaction of fees were and think about that as a more normalized integration expense run rate.
Michael Grady: Yeah. Our current pass view on that is that it – given the orderly nature of what they’ve described and sort of what I’ll call the incremental approach that they’re taking to the balance shrinkage that the impact should be fairly modest and moderate. So, at this time we don’t think that we’ll have a material impact on either deposit attractiveness or yields in the securities portfolio, not meaningful.
Michael Grady: Yeah, so as we said earlier, we on a regular basis look at ways we can optimize the balance sheet whether that’s through duration or credit or other uses of the balance sheet and we – we continue to look at that. And if you think you’ve got a raising right environment, whether this is the right time to add duration or not is something we look at very closely.
Michael Grady: Yeah, if you think about that framework, we would like to be able to have organic fee leverage as well to your point, that is a – we’re not there today if you look at the financials we have. But to your point, if all that we had was organic growth and markets gave us nothing, we would still like to be able to see some organic leverage in that business. This $250 million helps get us to a point or very close to that point of doing that. Hopefully that answers what I think you were trying to get out there Jeffrey.
Michael Grady: Well, Mike, we don’t give guidance, forward looking guidance on that. So, I appreciate the question but I – I’m not sure that we can give you guidance as to whether we’re going to increase our numbers or flat or have them decrease as a result of this. So, I’m not trying to dodge it, I just – we don’t provide that kind of guidance.
Michael Grady: I think the expense to trust fees is a ratio that we’ll give some clarity as to the improvement we’re making and the success we’re having on this initiative. I think that’s a pretty critical line item for you to measure.
Michael Grady: With all those nice things I probably shouldn’t add anything, but I would say clearly that there are number of things that won’t change. So things like are principles are not going to change, our culture is not going to chance, the strategy has worked extremely well. Now, we look at that strategy on an annual basis and obviously on an ongoing basis through a very robust process but right now as you’ve heard, we think we have the right strategy and we think we have great opportunities and then it comes down to execution. And that’s where I think these differences maybe in either backgrounds or approaches or personalities play through is just how we then execute on that strategy. The last thing I would say is, Rick is obviously been just a tremendous leader through that time period. I think you all recall, his first day was January 1st, 2008 as CEO, so that an interesting time to have to take over a financial institution and took us all the way through this time period. But I would also say, this is a team sport. And so, Rick was leading the team and in the same way the rule that I have going forward is to lead the team and I think we have the best team.
Michael Grady: Well, and Gerard, what I would add to that is, the leveraging can move around on any given day, so the followings can – we can leverage two one day and three and other. So I think you need to probably look at average balance sheet to get a better picture as to what the true picture was in any given period.
Michael Grady: If our expenses are calibrated to our organic growth rate and with some leverage in there, yes, because we think overtime markets and other income sources will drive that right, if we have rising rates to drive the NII and then we have the leverage that we’re talking about with fees, the answer is we think we can continue to drive the ROE higher towards the – as we said in our prepared remarks, towards the higher end of the range. And the efficiencies we get – yeah.
Michael Grady: Yeah, exactly. It’ll effect the timing of the realization of the benefits there, and that’s why it’s not just a smooth progression because of the investment expenses and otherwise as Biff just mentioned.
Michael Grady: Yeah, the outflow of from interest bearing – from non-interest bearing to interest bearing slowed between the second and third quarters. We had about $3 billion in the second quarter and I think we had a $1.8 billion in this quarter, so it actually on average slowed somewhat so…
Michael Grady: Yeah. So, the change in the Illinois tax rate in the period, in the third quarter we have to be threw up our differed tax position, and as we call it out that was $4.3 million. The ongoing impact from the Illinois income tax rate is relatively modest for us, even though we’re headquartered here, our revenue is really earned across the country and across the globe. So the income tax impact of that rate rise is relatively modest for us in the Illinois state income tax rate. We did have to threw up as we said the differed tax position this quarter but that was a onetime tax threw up. In terms of the overall tax rate, we continue to – you saw that we had research tax credits in this quarter, we continue to look at ways to bet tax efficient. The UBS again, I don’t think that transaction in and of itself will have a meaningful on our overall effective income tax rate.
Michael Grady: And the volatility Jeff that we see at Northern in premium amortization, when we have the January earnings call beginning in 2018, we’re going to change our approach to premium amortization. And it should produce less volatility in that between quarters.
Frederick Waddell: And Glenn, it’s Rick. I’ll just eco what Mike said and Biff has said. I think that external focus, I mean you all have asked for more transparency and more clarity around these initiatives. We’re – we intend – we’ve given you a number internally that’s the number we’re going to talk about and we have a variety of initiatives. I think that brings discipline and I mean the fact that we’re going to – we will continue to update you as we did in the past around things like driving performance and where you saw us make that progress, I think we need to be held accountable for that – for those update. So, I think it is the same strategy, we’ve got a lot of moving parts, they were all good parts but we’ve got to execute on those and we’ve got to show you the results, and I think that’s different. I mean we – you’ve been asking for this, we’re now giving you, we got a number. And you may like or not like the number but that’s the number, we expect to beat that number, but it’s going to take work, it’s going to take a lot of hard work and we want all the – we want the discipline, we want everybody behind it and so I think that is what is different this time, not different in the past because we’ve had these initiatives underway. But I think that’s a major difference, and one that we heard from you all that you want it going forward.
Frederick Waddell: Mike, its Rick. Your history lesson is resonates very well, because I remember the heady 13% days and we – it’s obviously tracked down lower. But part of that is, the interest rate environment and what we’re saying is, you go through a decade of no changes in interest rates, it affects our revenue growth. All the while we’re trying to manage this growth thing because our – the markets in wealth and asset servicing and institutional asset management are really, really great markets to be in. Organically they’re terrific and they attract a lot of competitors, so we have to be competitive to operate in those market. So, if you can tell where interest rates are going to be in the next 10 years or where the market will be, it makes our job a lot easier. So, what we’re really saying is we’re trying to get the expense growth rate more in line with those important revenues that we control which are trust fees, broadly speaking. And we think we can grow those trust fees and I can’t – I mean we’re not going to tell you whether we can grow on that 4%, 5%, 6%, we’ve grown close to double digit this past quarter but there is market in there. But organically we’re trying to find out what that level of trust fee growth is and kind of match off our expenses against that, and that’s the model that we have. Those numbers you gave would include net interest income and lot of other things which again foreign exchange – the foreign exchange market structurally changed big time, securities lending structurally changed over the last 10 years. So, we have to – we have to deal with that but we also have to make sure that our expense phase is lined up against these very attractive markets where our trust fees are the most important source of revenue.
Frederick Waddell: It’s Rick, I just say thank you all very much for supporting Northern your interest and your continued involvement with the company. And we are as Mike said, we’re extraordinarily well positioned and we look forward to keeping you informed of our progress into 2018. It’s been a lot of fun. Thanks.
