Mark Bette: Thank you, Hanna. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Northern Trust Corporation's fourth quarter 2017 earnings conference call. Joining me on our call this morning are Biff Bowman, our Chief Financial officer; Aileen Blake, our Controller; and Kelly Moen Lernihan from our Investor Relations team. For those of you who did not receive our fourth quarter earnings press release and financial trends report via email this morning, they are both available on our website at northerntrust.com. Also, on our website, you will find our quarterly earnings review presentation, which we will use to guide today's conference call. This January 24th call is being webcast live on northerntrust.com. The only authorized rebroadcast of this call is the replay that will be available on our website through February 21st. Northern Trust disclaims any continuing accuracy of the information provided in this call after today. Now, for our Safe Harbor statement. What we say during today's conference call may include forward-looking statements, which are Northern Trust's current estimates and expectations of future events or future results. Actual results, of course, could differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements because the realization of those results is subject to many risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. I urge you to read our 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K and other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for detailed information about factors that could affect actual results. During today's question-and-answer session, please limit your initial query to one question and one related follow-up. This will allow us to move through the queue and enable as many people as possible the opportunity to ask questions as time permits. Thank you again for joining us today. Let me turn the call over to Biff Bowman.
Mark Bette: Yes. On the expenses, the $24 million, about $7.5 million of that was integration. We would say though, as you look at the $21 million in fees and $24 million in expense as far as we enter 2018, there will be integration activities that are going on throughout 2018. So, both of those are probably fairly good run rates, as you think about building off of the fourth quarter.
Mark Bette: Well, this is Mark, Ken. On the Omnium tech acquisition, at this point, I wouldn’t necessarily view as layering on additional expense, and we’ll share more on that as we work through that. On the -- when we do look at our organic growth rate, we do on an internal basis, we do acquisition kind of out of that picture. So, as we look at let’s say the first quarter of 2018 versus the first quarter of 2017, we would be looking to kind of strip back the expense growth and the organic fee growth excluding the acquisition. Obviously, eventually, it becomes part of your business, once it’s fully integrated. But, when you have those periods when there’s a year-over-year issue, we do adjust for those.
Mark Bette: Yes. And this is Mark, Alex. I would say that if you took the charges out and you adjusted for the fourth quarter acquisition, that 3.7 is about the right number. I mean, I would also say that -- and again, we don’t give specific guidance, but the value for spend program, the intention is that to get to that point where we have that neutral to positive organic fee operating leverage by 2020. So, as far as -- if you look at 2018 on its own, there is work obviously we have to do. And the goal is, by the time we get to 2020, we’ll have that expense growth in line with the organic. And there might quarters before then where we are able to achieve it. But by 2020, we want to be able to consistently deliver that.
Mark Bette: Yes. And I would also add that over time, we do expect this transaction to be cost beneficial to us. And like Biff said, be able to create greater efficiencies in the future. But, we will share what we can with you as we work through the process of closing.
Mark Bette: And Mike, when I was comment earlier, I was focused on the organic leverage. So, we’ve been running at about 6.5, even if you adjust for things on expenses, our organic fees or let’s say 4.5 to 5. And the value for spend initiative has the intention of closing that GAAP.
Mark Bette: And Brian to give you some color as far as volumes go. There was about 8 billion of leveraging during the current quarter compared to about 5.5 to 6 last quarter and 3 a year ago. So, at this point, when you think about the basis point impact on NIM, that gives you some color on that.
Biff Bowman: Thanks. I appreciate it, Mike. Tax reform is expected to be meaningfully beneficial to our firm and its shareholders and that it will favorably impact our financial performance. It does allow us to grow, as you said, and it does allow us to reinvest in our business and our people and our communities in which we operate. What it doesn’t do, what the tax change doesn’t do is it doesn’t alter our strategic focus on profitable growth, our value for spend initiative, and quite frankly, driving more leverage into our business. That is our focus; that is the strategy of the firm. If we accomplish that, if we continue to drive more leverage into our business and we increase the profitability as a result of that and we apply the lower tax rate you just cited, that should lead to much improved returns for our shareholders. But, all other constituent groups may benefit from that as well. But, certainly, as I outlined, it will drive more profitable growth for the firm.
Biff Bowman: Sure. There is a couple of questions in there. One, if I look at the balance sheet and I look at the net interest income and the NIM as we exited the year, it is a reasonable basis to establish next year’s thought process for all of you. But, I want to put a few caveats or a few explanations around that and both a balance of positive influencing factors and some that could be drags. You cited one and it’s positive or a negative, it depends on how betas unfold during the course of the year. To your point, if we look at our betas over a 12-month period from sort of fourth quarter of 2016 to fourth quarter of 2017. On the institutional side, they’re obviously a bit higher but in line with what competitors have talked about, generally. On the wealth side, they have been low over that period, but we did see with the most recent hike, some increase in the beta on the retail side, really for the first time. So, how the betas unfold next year is important. We have seen some increase, but we have also seen some discipline in the rates of those increases. So, we’ll have to observe how those unfold and make sure that our -- we’re aligned with the competitive landscape. As you also said the, right now, our betas, if you look across wealth and institutional combined, they’re generally -- our beta for the last year is under 50%. So, there is still the ability for NIM expansion in the franchise, if that holds true and the betas rise at a regular type range. Obviously, the balance sheet size and the balance sheet mix are also key components of that factor that you just talked about. We have had and if you’ve seen, our organic growth rate is pretty high. That often comes with deposits, liabilities. And as such, you’ve seen our balance sheet grow in that 4% to 5% range. So, we don’t give forward guidance, but we do anticipate having 4% to 5% type organic growth rate, that’s what we’ve historically cited to you as our growth rate. That produces some balance sheet expansion. But, the mix could shift between non-interest bearing and interest bearing, and so we have to watch that and as we go forward. So, I think there is a fair balance between positives and negatives on how the balance sheet could go, but we do think there is still the potential for NIM expansion and NII growth as we look at that. The second part of your question was around capital and the current capital process. And I think it's fair to say right now that we're entering the CCAR cycle. We have a robust process to evaluate our capital position, what we need for growth, what we need to be safe under stress, and then what are the best uses of that capital; is it to return it our shareholders or to put it to work in other phases. We're in the early stages of that for CCAR right now. We've got that process. The only thing I would say is we have the flexibility to be thoughtful in that process, given our capital strength that we -- as measured by say CET1 right now. We've got that pretty good flexibility as we enter that cycle.
Biff Bowman: So, my first part of that is, you’re right. We don’t really have a brokerage-led model. So, some of the nuance that you discussed there is less applicable to us. We do have the capability but it’s not the core, it's more of a fiduciary-led type model that we have in our wealth management front. In terms of growing that franchise, I think there has been significant investment in time in our goals driven investing, comprehensive approach to the wealth profile of our clients. And we’ve seen tremendous growth and take up in that business or that capability and approach, if I could say that. And as you could see in the growth rates in our wealth management business with double-digit fee growth and double-digit fee growth for the year in that business, while maintaining 40% margins, we’ve been very pleased with what we’ve seen in that. And then, in terms of attracting talent, it is a competitive landscape but we do believe that the Northern Trust brand is an important differentiator in attracting that talent, as is the fiduciary kind of based model, I think in some cases versus a more transactional based model. So, it’s competitive out there but we think the brand and the performance shows we're still very focused on that business, and it had a strong performance this year.
Biff Bowman: I would say unlikely. Our balance sheet end-of-period quite frankly can have very onetime or transactional oriented balances in that. I think it’s probably better for you to look at the average balance sheet over the period. We did still see that noninterest bearing deposits essentially were flat sequentially, I think they were down $300 million. And as we tried to outline on the last call, if we look at that balance, about 21 billion, about three quarters of it we think is -- we've got pretty good line of sight and it’s traditionally been fairly stable. It’s that last order or about $5 billion that we keep regular tests on to see how interest rate sensitivity it is. It didn’t move. So, we do think that it has a sticky component to it in a rate-sensitive environment but it’s that quarter that we keep regular tabs on. This quarter, it remained fairly stable.
Biff Bowman: Yes. So, we do look at a balance of dividend and stock buyback. We're in interesting period of time for that evaluation. If you look historically, our dividend payout ratio has been around the mid-30s with the reminder of our payout coming in the form traditionally in stock buybacks. We’re in the process of evaluating the current environment we’re in. We’re looking at what we think is the maximum ability to -- excuse me, the maximum performance for our shareholders in that mix. And we’re early start into the process of CCAR working with our Board and others. But, we do think about the dividend payout levels versus stock buyback in this environment very closely. And more to come on that as we go through our process and we get feedback from our Board and our regulator.
Biff Bowman: Yes. Thank you. Our strong performance in FX trading was driven by higher volumes, which can be unique to a client base or a client portfolio versus other competitors in any period. But, it was also -- it included a higher level of swap activity. We have regular balance sheet management activities where we look at opportunities to place excess cash on a hedge basis. And in this quarter, as a part of that normal balance sheet management, we did see a greater level of benefit than we typically do from sort of this FX swap hedging that we do in our treasury balance sheet. That in any typical quarter can produce low to $4 million or so of FX of our total FX. This quarter, it was probably $4 million to $6 million higher than that normal run rate that I talked about because of those swap opportunities that we saw, that may continue into the quarter. There is a bit of an offset to that. So, that helped drive a little bit more than half of the sequential increase you saw in FX with sort of the normal balance sheet treasury activities. There is a bit of an offset of that, because we take cash out, in this case out of dollars and swap them into sterling and euro. And so, you would have had some reduction in net interest income as we were putting those in lower yielding central bank. But, the offset was the swap FX income in this, which ended up being a positive trade for the bank.
Biff Bowman: Yes. On our wealth management side, the betas remain low. But we establish a review and we look at a certain subset of our competitors in the wealth space. We target to stay within a certain range of that competitive landscape for our depositors, maybe sometimes at a premium or a discount to that, but we got a set of competitors that we view. So that beta will depend to some degree on how the competitive landscape unfolds in that space. As you rightly said, throughout 2017 that beta remained low. We did see, again, in December, we did see some increase in the beta. But still -- if you looked at it on a yearly basis, at a really pretty low level in the wealth side. I don't know, I can't forecast how that will unfold during 2018 and kind of how that competitive landscape moves. But we've done very disciplined with that approach.
Biff Bowman: Yes. As you said, we are focused on driving that expense to fee ratio further down. But not completely -- if there are opportunities out there to actually improve that ratio, but require expense but can improve the expense to fee ratio by driving the fee line harder or faster, we obviously evaluate those on a regular basis. And I'm not really sure that the tax reform is going to impact how we think about that. Those are decisions that we think about in our business at its core. We do and we talked to you with our value for spend, we are striving and working hard to improve the expense to fee ratio during the course of the year. That doesn't mean that our normal business model does produce enough internal income, if you will, to reinvest in our business. And it doesn't always require additional returns from taxes or whatever to do that. It's a business model that produces enough to invest internally. So, that's how we think about it. I think if we were sitting around the table, we would say that the tax reform is beneficial in the sense that we’re going to pay 7, 8 points, based on the range I gave you, less than our current effective tax rate, and that’s a benefit at all levels. But we still need to drive more leverage into the business, strategically and from an execution standpoint and we’re committed to it.
Biff Bowman: That’s a good point. The one -- we’re in the early innings of tax reform. I think we have to assess what others do with the financial benefits. And if pricing changes in our industry or investment changes in our industry, we will absorb that. That’s why the view of probably early into this that in -- the returns from the tax benefit will probably flow -- will increase profitability. But boy, the competitive landscape, we have to see how it unfolds. We’re three weeks into tax reform right now and have to see how the discipline and approach is taken by other institutions.
Biff Bowman: So, we had 10% fee growth and I think the range was probably about half was organic. So, the way we think about it is, if we're 5% organic, our organic expenses were probably like you said close to 6.5%, we’re not generating positive organic fee leverage. And that’s why value for spend and still continued focus on expense discipline.
Biff Bowman: So, I think that we've said last time that we’re trying to drive positive fee, organic fee leverage. So that’s where we're trying to get. So, what you just describe is what we publically said we want to try to drive organic fee leverage. And we remain focused on that. The second part again…
Biff Bowman: Is that inclusive of charges? As it relates to charges, I would say it is not inclusive of charges in our 2018 thinking. And while we don’t give guidance, right now there will be the need for some charges. We think they are largely in line with the magnitude of the charges you saw in 2017. They might fluctuate a little bit from that. So, on a year on year basis that won’t create much of the growth that you just described. But, we're in a process here where that could change, if we see the right opportunities, but that’s where we’re right now.
Biff Bowman: Yes. I think when we announced the agreement, as you've pointed out, we basically -- with Citadel, we're bringing the technology in-house and the flexibility that gives us and the talent quite frankly that it brings with it is powerful for us to think about how we go out and compete. And if you think about that in some competitive environments not having that in-house could be a detriment in a competitive environment, if they say who owns the technology and who supports the technology in certain competitive environments. Having that being able to be in-house, I think will allow them in that competitive environment to not face that hurdle in certain parts of the discussion. And then, we also think we get the benefit of bringing that in and fitting that into our IT infrastructure and understanding the benefits and a bigger and broader set of IT infrastructures that it can sit within. And again, we get some very talented individuals who we think can benefit, not just the Omnium platforms but some of ours as they look at some of the Northern Trust platforms as well. So, we're quite positive on the transaction. And again, it's unfolding as we speak here in the first three or four months of the year.
Biff Bowman: Yes. So, if you look this quarter, while our capital ratios are still strong as is our leverage ratio, our binding constraint would be the leverage ratio not supplementary but the leverage ratio. So, the relief that's been proposed or the reaction to price share quarrels, reports are earlier this week or late last week are positive directionally for us. And if those come to being, they do give us even greater flexibility in our capital thinking and returns than we already have, which is like I said in a position great opportunity, given the strength of where we are and our capital ratios. I'm not sure how fast those will come. They were thoughtfully put in. And I'm not sure how fast we will be able to change those, but if they do, we would benefit. I think some of our peers have supplementary leverage ratio concerns that’s less impactful for us, but the leverage ratio is absolutely impactful for us and would again give us even greater capital flexibility in our thinking. And you’re right to say, it is front and center in our thinking right now.
Biff Bowman: So, Brennan, without giving guidance, we think our NIM can expand. Okay? We think it will expand. Just we're cautious in the sense of if betas move to 1 with the next hike in a competitive landscape, an unlikely scenario, I might add. If we come on here and told you that the NIM would be meaningfully expand, that may not be the case. If we see the NIMs expand at what we project and what we think and what we’ve observed -- excuse me, the betas expand, what we have seen here, our NIM will expand and it will. If you’ve seen the trajectory of our net interest income and our NI, it’s moved I think quite nicely, relative to the industry, given the disciplines we deploy on that beta. And I think it’s been beneficial to the firm. So, I think we will but we have a degree of caution there.
Biff Bowman: So, the answer to that is yes, we did see a strong year-end flows. And I think our clientele which tends to be at the higher end of the network spectrum is reacting to a very successful or high returning equity markets. They are looking at lower, perhaps personal income taxes, depends on what state you're in probably. They are looking at -- to your phrase, maybe a little bit more in the animal spirits, which allows them to invest in their own company businesses, allows them to perhaps take those businesses public or to sell those business. And so, we have seen that flow and new business pick up. There was a meaningful improvement in our organic growth rates from ‘16 to ‘17 in our wealth management franchise. And I think you see that in the fee growth line and you see that in the overall performance of our wealth management business. Again, with tax perform starting this year and the market that’s starting, healthily we think those animal spirits are still intact and long may they last.
Biff Bowman: Yes. So, they’re not at low points, they’re actually still high. So, I think you’ve got people that are looking at where those opportunity sets are. And our cash balances inside of our firm increased across our asset management portfolios nicely year-over-year, both institutionally and on the personal site. But, we are seeing -- I think when I looked -- if you looked at our traditional wealth portfolio, we were at the highest level of equity as a component of that portfolio since 2009 when we kind of bottomed out. So, people existing equity investment in their portfolio were back to the high at the low-50% range across the average portfolio.
Biff Bowman: No. That isn’t what we said. So, we’re going to work hard to do what we can on that front over the next 12 months to get to that level. Obviously, the organic fee part of that equation requires a lot execution. But, I can tell you that we’re committed to getting to that before 2020, all things being equal.
Biff Bowman: Mike, we focus on the expense to fees more than we do to pretax margin piece of that. But, pretax margin is I can tell you internally something that we look at. And as you know we've historically and I think our competitors all are able to drive something in that low30s. And we think it's important to be in that range as well. Now, we've got a wealth business that does better than that. And so, we're trying to get I think that blended rate and improve that pretax margin along with all other expense initiatives we talked about. We just don't call that out as something that we set an established target for. But, I think our pretax margin actually improved during the course of the year. And I can tell you that we continue to focus on, not just giving up margin to get the profitability you described.
Biff Bowman: Yes. So, we obviously -- you can see it in the equipment software line, if you look at the depreciation growth rate. We absolutely are making investments in our business. And we hope many of those generate the returns that you would expect to drive that expense to fees down further. The areas in many cases, I took the wealth side, there is investment in Goals Driven investment, capability and product that drives both revenue and operating efficiencies. But, a lot of that investment is in our core operating platform to support our C&IS business, so that we can produce and perform at as what you described the better margins and the better returns. And that's a technology intensive business, and we need to continue to invest. Our business generates I think enough to make that investment. But that's where we've seen that. And then there has been investment also in things like robotics and others that are largely in place for driving operating efficiencies. So, it's combination of all those.
Biff Bowman: Thanks, Gerard for the question. If we think back to when we established the range originally, the 10 to 15, the industry had kind of gone through -- I guess you described it as a secular change. We had all been asked to put more capital on the balance sheet and we all had to look at how we could return across the cycle, and that’s when we established the 10% to15% range. What I would suggest is at this point, if the tax reform is indeed the secular change, we think it is, that we have to think about that and what that is to our targeted range and how the reform itself will impact us and move this up. So, this type of secular change will prompt that type of evaluation inside the firm.
Biff Bowman: I'm going to tell you that I think that it’s early in the stages and I probably don’t have a much more detailed answer for you on that right now. We obviously conduct and do business around the globe. We have a global franchise, we have operating centers and offices around the globe. And we’ll have to take a look and see how this unfolds and what the impacts to our people et cetera. We’d certainly let that unfold over the next period of time while we absorb this.
Biff Bowman: We submitted our 165, at the end of the year. We believe in that that we’ve addressed regulator’s concerns but we will get that feedback from them in short order. So, the expenses we needed to do that work. Right now, we were able to have some of the consulting spend associated with that pull back and in other areas too. I wouldn’t say just related to that but in other consulting spend as we discussed, the spend pulled back. And then, we have to observe our feedback and we’ll go from there. But, yes, as of today. We also have to submit our CIDI plan by July 1st. But, we’re well underway on that front.
Biff Bowman: So, we will evaluate that as we said on the call in terms of -- this is the type of secular change that promotes that. I think, the math you’ve done is something we can all do and that’s a reasonable mathematical equation, but we’ve got a balance that across the series of other strategic factors, and that’s where we are.
Biff Bowman: Yes. That’s not what we were trying to say there. We’re just saying, we’ve got process, we’ve got reviews and other things that we’ve got to look at and we’re going to let that process unfold.
Biff Bowman: Yes. Sure. So, as you saw, we did do some discretionary leveraging and used some wholesale funding. With our strong capital positions, we felt that we could put the balance sheet to work with discretionary leveraging and/or other kind of wholesale funding sources, as you described. But the nature of those is obviously very short. We’re generally putting those at central banks. Because, as we look at the flexibility we would like in the deployment of that capital, we’re not looking to lock those up into longer term assets. So, whether those are loans or something else as you described. Right now, we like that short-term flexibility around using that wholesale funding for, call it discretionary leveraging and the likes. It was additive to the quarter. And then, also to give you some idea, roughly for every 1 billion of discretionary leveraging, it’s about a 1 basis-point of a drag on the NIM. But we still felt that driving the NII was important.
