Mike O’Grady: Thank you, Mark. Let me join and welcome you to our fourth quarter 2020 earnings call. Amid the ongoing public health crisis, I hope you and your families are healthy and well. In Northern Trust, we continue to operate in what we call resiliency mode which means we're focused on providing our clients continuity of service while over 90% of our employees worldwide are working remotely. Though challenging, the transition across each of our businesses has been effective. Throughout 2020 despite the environment, we've executed on initiatives to continue to drive organic growth within each of our businesses, one of our key strategic imperatives. Within wealth management, we're steadfast in our commitment to serving the world's most affluent families and family offices in a holistic and integrated manner across their array of financial needs including planning, investments, fiduciary banking and other capabilities. During the turbulent year, our goals-based approach allowed our clients to adhere to their investment strategies and avoid selling into the downturn and realize the recovery within risk assets. We've adjusted our sales approach to execute our growth strategy during the pandemic through our digital marketing efforts, including our Navigate the Now campaign. Through the launch of the Northern Trust Institute, we will continue to leverage our 130 years of experience and depth subject matter expertise for our clients’ needs. Our asset management business has seen considerable market share gains during 2020 within our liquidity products. Our Northern Institutional Government Select Fund was named the Top Performing Government Institutional Fund of 2020. Beyond our liquidity funds our quant active equity mutual funds and factor-based ETFs performed well relative to their peers. We also continue to see growth in ESG mandates with assets under management of over $125 billion at year end, up 30% from the prior year. Our asset servicing business which did see a deferral and implementation activity earlier in the year finished 2020 with strong growth. Recent notable public wins highlight our success globally and across products and include Pershing Square Capital Management, Emerald Technology Ventures, Sands Capital Management, Strategic Global Advisors, First Sentier Investors and Westwood Holdings Group. We continue to invest and expand our Asset Servicing Solutions in areas such as our Front Office Solutions, as well as outsource trading and foreign exchange execution. As we move forward in the current and persistent low interest rate environment, we've accelerated our focus on driving greater efficiencies as well as continuing to grow organically in a scalable and profitable manner. Finally, I want to express my sincere appreciation for our staff whose commitment, expertise, and professionalism throughout these extraordinary times has been exceptional. Now, let me turn the call to Jason to review our financial results for the quarter.
Mike O’Grady: Sure, Glenn. So, let me start on the growth side and separate the business into the two reported segments, and maybe touch on asset management as well. In C&IS, the quarter and frankly the year reflected good growth. And you see 6% sequential growth from a trust fee perspective in C&IS. A point of that 6% comes from more macro factors between currency markets. But 5 points to that 6% come from good growth in the business. That said, I'd provide a little caution there by splitting that 5% in half and saying about 2.5% coming from what you would think of as very traditional trust fee growth that's more ongoing in nature and then about 2.5% coming from items that are more onetime in nature. And so that could be true-ups on pricing and transaction-related volumes that we wouldn't necessarily consider predictive of what's going forward. But certainly, we viewed the fourth quarter for C&IS as onboarding significant new business. There were a couple of very significant pieces of new business onboarded there and the pipeline in the short run still feels good. If we shift to wealth management and think about the growth there, the business did an outstanding job I think of engaging with clients over the course of the year. The growth there -- and this is fine. This is the nature of that financial model. It came more from growth in equity markets over the course of the year. It was a very odd year for onboarding new clients in wealth, and so we'll see what that looks like going forward. But couldn't feel stronger about how the group did from client interaction over the course of the year. And then a difficult one to predict is asset management. We obviously had extraordinary growth into the money market mutual funds and it's anybody's guess how long that stays on and whether or not we see a shift back to more risk on transactions or not and what the growth looks like there. But I also have to say that business is working on other elements as well to try and bring organic growth into the business. You asked about where we're investing as well and there are several areas. Each of the businesses has their own view of where they're investing, and you see some of those coming to fruition in different areas. But one constant theme across the company is digital. And you'll see in every aspect of the business how we're trying to ensure we're connecting better with clients in our digital engagement. And you see that show up in the income statement in a couple of different line items and outside services and equipment software, for example.
Mike O’Grady: Sure. Well, you hit on a key item which is that there is a lag that takes place there. And then secondly, I think it’s a little harder for you to see. But we did have positive flows in the fourth quarter in the wealth business which was good. And I do think even if you’d said we were going to go through this environment of not being able to be in front of clients a lot and it's just -- it's very, very difficult to test the growth in the wealth business based on what we went through this year in terms of how we're interacting with clients. I would say that the overall trends of clients using us for deposits and also the flows we saw particularly in fourth quarter, I think it’s everyone got more attuned with doing normal business more electronically and more virtually is a relatively positive sign.
Mike O’Grady: I'm going to take the theme as operating leverage and organic growth, and you tell me if I hit on too little. So first of all, as I think back on the year and we've been talking about it internally, one of the things that jumps out is we did have -- it was a positive year in terms of fee operating leverage. And if you look at the last few years, you go back to 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020, we -- it was relatively close to zero which actually isn't bad because over time we'll get market lift. But in 2017, we had adjusted fee operating leverage as it was positive at about 0.7. 2018 was plus 1.6. 2019 was negative 0.5. 2020 was actually positive at 1.6. And then if you unwrap the quarters within 2020, third quarter plus 2 points and fourth quarter is plus four which is one of the best quarters -- maybe the best quarter we've had since we started tracking this number closely over the last five years or so. But I can appreciate that from your perspective people are always trying to how do we match that to what we would expect on the income statement. And so let me just flip to the supplement, flip to the press release table and go to the detail, the year-over-year detail which is page 1 of the supplement and let’s just -- I think it might be helpful for people to circle a couple. This is how I think about the quarter and the overall run rate in hindsight. If you take trust fees of $1,026 million last year, take out -- let's exclude sec lending. So, take out $17.6 million. Take out waivers of $23.5 million. And we had market lift zero in C&IS, there's probably $10 million to $15 million in Wealth. And so you get to about a $10 million, $20 million. And then you compare that to 2019 and for the quarter take out sec lending again and you get something like $970 million. And so the growth is more like $970 million to $1,020 million. That's 500 basis points of growth. And that gets more to how we look at it. And then you compare that to the expenses, do the same type of analysis and take the $1,151 million, take out the $55 million in severance we talked about take out the $12 million in real estate, and you get to $1,084 million. And then compare that to the $1,072 million, it’s more like a point. And then, compare that to the 1072, it’s more like a point. And so, those are the line items I think to look at and to kind of do an analysis to at least, you're getting closer to how we think about it. And by the way, I didn't even -- I didn't even add in how we moved from the reported to the organic numbers on the expense side. There's things like third party advisory fees and other stuff which we take out. But that's how we track internally. Those are the first numbers we're looking at. So hopefully, that's helpful in getting at the spirit of what you're asking.
Mike O’Grady: Yeah. Alex, it's Mike. Why don’t I jump in here as well, just to build on what Jason said. To your point, I -- we do look at that relationship between organic fee growth and then our expense growth. And when we see that the environment is making it more challenging on the organic fee growth side, absolutely need to focus more on the expense to make sure that we have that positive relationship. And then, Jason went through. We were able to achieve that in 2020. Now again, very unusual year. I would say on both sides of that relationship. But that's what we're looking at going into the next year. Now, if we have the opportunity to grow faster organically and profitably, then, we'll look to do that. But not knowing that, we don't want to go in with higher expense expectations. and then have another year where it's very unpredictable as to your ability to onboard that new business. So, that absolutely, the relationship holds and it's just in different environments, you have to attack differently.
Mike O’Grady: So, let me take those, I think, three questions. So, on waivers, the $35 million run rate is pretty good. And I think from here, it's less about what we can see internally from repricing and it's more what you guys can see externally from what's happened in the short end of the yield curve, so overnight repo and what does the short end of the curve look like and AUM and so, I think for the run rate on an annual basis right now is $140 million to -- it’s $140 million to $150 million. And that we expect to hold in. The book is effectively 100%. It's 98%, 99% 100% reprice at this point. And so, from here, it's those factors that I mentioned that -- and I think the key is to be careful and ensure you realize that disparity between C&IS and Wealth, and where the waivers are hitting because the wealth waivers -- well, because the wealthy fee rates are tend to be higher, they got into waiver land first. But the AUM is in its high. And so, now that rates have come all the way down and the duration isn't protected anymore, the waivers are actually going to be heavier in C&IS. And the relationship's not linear. It's their step functions in the middle because you've got some very large funds that kick in at certain levels right around where we're investing right now. But those are the key things I'd want you to keep in mind as you try and model out waivers. On NII, I did mention there's probably $5 million of the $345 million that was more onetime in nature. And so, from there, I think actually very similar theme to what I touched about on waivers. From this point forward, it's pretty predictable. The things that -- we've communicated things we can see, which are that we're running off $1 billion to $2 billion a quarter at about 100-basis-point delta. And so, that gets you $3 million, $4 million, $5 million of drag, about a 1.5 point maybe on a sequential basis. And that has been offset over the last couple of quarters by deposit levels hanging in higher than what we thought of -- than what we thought and also loans hanging in higher than we thought. You'll also notice in this quarter there is a little bit of a shift from the money from central bank deposits into the securities portfolio. Nothing dramatic there, but that was also somewhat protective. And that'll stay going forward. And so from here, the key things are what do you think is going to happen with loan volume, what do you think is going to happen with deposits, and what do you think is going to -- and then also, we're obviously losing two days coming from fourth quarter to first which is probably $3 million, $4 million a day. And then you asked about loan growth. And it's been a positive surprise that loans have held in there. It's something we've talked about internally. We've been we've been working on it, make sure -- making sure that we're talking to clients about our appetite and what our whole levels and interest levels are. And again, clients tend to come to us for liquidity. And there's some correlation between the deposits and the loans for sure. And so that's been a positive that it's held in, and it's been one of the offsets to that continued drag of a point or so a quarter.
Mike O’Grady: Sure. So, the nonrecurring servicing fee in wealth, it was a couple of million dollars and just has to do with some -- it’s typical business for us. It’s a estate settlement-type work and other items. There's a couple of real estate-related items. But I think a couple of million dollars. On organic growth, broadly, I think you can go back to separating it. [Indiscernible] would say the part of reinsurance in fourth quarter, part of it was a catch-up of some of the new business we had that was in the one-not-funded category. And so, certainly, shouldn't expect 6% sequential continued increases there. But that said, the pipe -- and we had said earlier in the year that we felt like the pipeline had been delayed but not cut off. And so, this fourth quarter was not super surprising to us and that we were able to get onboarded a lot of the new business that we -- that had been delayed. And so, that's good. The other piece of good news is the near-term pipeline. Their view is it still seems decent. And that said, the longer-term pipeline, they're paranoid about. And so, that's just something to watch. On the wealth side, it's more of a continued story underneath the numbers that you see there. GFO continues to have to expect the business to do pretty well. And the east region continues to do pretty well, not necessarily quarter to quarter but over longer periods of time. And then you see the other regions that are more mature not doing and not having the same migrational benefits that the east region does. So that includes Florida and the development of wealth on the East Coast not as robust. And so it will be interesting to see whether or not the experience we had in 2020 of not being able to be in front of clients as much, how much impact that had in suppressing organic growth.
Mike O’Grady: Well, that's a very optimistic group, but they are always making sure that we're not taking in too much on the back end.
Mike O’Grady: I think it's hard to predict. I think it’ll -- a lot of it will depend on how things open up again. And I think it's also important to keep in mind -- and I don't know specifically the peers you're talking about at all. We deal -- we're targeting a client base that's really the upper end and imagine unplugging the -- getting the comfort level, the confidence level to unplug potentially generations of connectivity with a family office from a custody perspective, from an investment management perspective and putting that back in place again. And so again, the business had -- is lower but positive flows for the quarter for the year. And so we're all looking and monitoring and seeing what it looks like but not surprising that in this environment some of the organic growth maybe not look as strong as what it has been historically. Mike, I don't know if you want to add any perspective from your loans line.
Mike O’Grady: Now the -- from a capital perspective, in aggregate, you're right, at 12.8% CET1 and at 7.6% on Tier 1 leverage. We feel strong in terms of -- and by any measure in terms of our capital levels. And we certainly, if you think about our overall payout ratio for last year, it was, and particularly the last three quarters, lower than what we would have anticipated. But coming into the year and having the ability to get back to stock repurchase, I'm a broken record on this, but the framework of what are our conversations with the board. Secondly, what do we think about on an absolute basis and how do we want to ensure we're competing externally, not just being at strong capital levels, but how does that resonate with very large family office clients or sovereign wealth funds that look very, very heavily at whether or not they're dealing with financial institutions that are strong, what do the capital levels look like on a relative basis. So, we can say we're not just strong but we're strong relative to our peers. And then lastly, regulators, very big influence in terms of what they're looking for. And so, that -- all that is a mosaic that plays in along with looking at what our return alternatives are as we think about investing in the business. We talked about what we're doing in terms of digital. We've talked about what we're doing in terms of building different, more technologically, deep operating models for our C&IS business. We've done things within the asset management business to ensure that we can have the product set and the technology to be a strong provider of liquidity products that took investment two, three, four years ago. And you couple all that with looking at what -- how we think about the stock on a relative basis from a valuation perspective. And so, it's not one where we say we're going to go down to 12% or we're going to go down to 7% in Tier 1 leverage. It really truly is a conversation. We're looking at all of the factors I just mentioned and determining what's best from a capital perspective.
Mike O’Grady: So, on the expense side there were some onetime items that -- the severance charge, $65 million, occupancy, but specifically related to the new business coming on, the timing of that matters. And it's true as you bring on a very, very large clients, some of the clients -- if it's just a custody mandate that may not require us bringing on additional people. If it's investment outsourcing, investments operations outsourcing, then that's going to take people and it'll take people upfront in advance so they can get onboarded and trained in advance of us bringing the assets on and billing. And so that can certainly happen. That's the dynamic that -- that's why we tend to not think about an absolute expense growth level because we can have the foresight in looking at what the new business wins are and what the expense needs are to handle that intra-year unless it’s coming at the very beginning or the very end of the year. And so, as we look into 2020 and as Mike was hinting at earlier -- into 2021 is what Mike was hinting at earlier, we -- our expense experience is going to be driven in very large part based on what we're onboarding, not just the size of it but the nature of it. I think that's something that is very important for people externally to realize.
Mike O’Grady: That's always the -- that’s the goal. That's in -- and that's why we spent a lot of time even this morning talking about that. That if we have -- regardless of where fee growth is, that's how we're testing what the expense growth is. Now, there are often items on the expense lines that are not related to what the -- to bring on new business. And so, last year, we had to -- we brought on $30 million in additional pension expense. That has not -- that has to do with what's the expected return on assets, what's the discount rate. Those are not related. But we actually highlighted those items last year. We talked about real estate commitments, we talked about pension, and we talked about base pay adjustment that we'd committed to last year. And this year, as we come into this year, we're -- it's probably noteworthy that we're not saying any of those items. And pension is a million-dollar drag year-over-year. And I think you can take the occupancy that we had in fourth quarter strip out the $12 million, and you get to a decent run rate. And you should see between comp, you should start to see the direct charges that we talked about start to bed in to about start to bed in to those two line items. And then the other thing we should expect before we get to new business, the equipment and software, that's been a faster growth item. And that's likely going to continue as we make sure we're where we want to be from a digital perspective and outside services. And so from there, Mike, it comes down to -- from those items it really comes down to what new business comes on board.
Mike O’Grady: Sure. Mike. First of all, I'd say I would agree with your framework at a very high level as you think of that kind of low to high and the characteristics as you move up that spectrum. And you're absolutely right. We are focused on the upper end of that spectrum. And one point that it highlights is I'll say both the importance of retention but also the benefits of retention. So I'm not going to speak to turnover or what may happen on the lower end because, again, that's not where our business is focused. But I can tell you on the higher end, you have time periods like 2020 where that model of holistic advice and high level of service results in very high levels of retention. So excellent year in retention at that level. But if you said was there a lot of trading activity with that, the answer is no. In fact, as you heard in some of my opening comments there, that's exactly what we, I would say, counseled our clients against because we're goals-driven. And so instead of trading out and then trying to get back in, it resulted in our clients actually doing well through that because they stuck to their goals-driven framework. And then to your point of, well, then how do we think about the growth opportunity going forward, there's still a significant opportunity for us to grow at the upper end of that. So you put GFO at the top, as Jason pointed out, that part of the business has been growing at a high rate for us. And again, we think we are differentiated at that end. And then absolutely, call it, below that with ultra-high net worth, likewise seeing very good growth, continued growth there and still plenty of opportunities. Because as much as just kind of leave that lower and decide for the time being, even in the environment that we're in, there's a tremendous amount of wealth that's being created. That means that there are opportunities for us, whether that's family businesses being sold or companies going public and the executives being in a position of having wealth that needs to be managed in a way that we do it. So we still feel very good about that part. And it's not to say that we don't service clients that are below that ultrahigh net worth end of the market. And frankly that's where a lot of the digitalization efforts that we have underway in wealth will allow us to serve that part of the market. But in a much more efficient way. And so that will enable that growth in that part of the market to be more profitable, more scalable.
Mike O’Grady: I'll take that Betsy. It's Mike. So to your point, historically our acquisitions have focused on capabilities and that's been across the businesses. So asset management, wealth management and asset servicing, we've done a number of capability type acquisitions which then we're able to leverage that capability and our business model and grow. And there's a number of examples of that. For that type of acquisition, you're right. We continue to look at areas where those types of additions will enable us to further grow with client bases and importantly in segments that are growing faster. So I'm not -- I won't address any one of them in particular. But to your point that can be very -- a very small either acquisitions or investments, for example, in C&IS, where we have a capability that's in an area that has innovative new technology. And then I would say, more broadly than that as far as just appetite, absolutely, to the extent we find something that fits strategically and is attractive financially, we're open and interested in doing that. We've done more, as you know, over time, in C&IS, on the asset servicing side. And I would say we'd be more interested or likely to do it in asset management or wealth management.
Mike O’Grady: Definitely from a capability perspective, I -- you've seen some of the things that we've announced in order to have the capability to serve our clients. So, to the extent that digital assets continue to grow, and in the sense of used by not just, call it, personal or retail clients, but also moves more to institutional clients. Those are institutions we need to have the capabilities to serve them. And so, yes, both, I would say, on our own, but more importantly partnering with others to be able to meet those needs.
Mike O’Grady: Well, I would just say without getting into the specifics around digital assets and the regulatory framework on that, but it is a component. And so, you know from our perspective, there's a technical or technological aspect of it. There's a service aspect of it. Another is how does it fit with other things we're doing for those clients. And then to your point, there's a regulatory aspect. And then I would also say there's a financial aspect to it. So, how can you be compensated for the ability to provide, for example, custody for those types of assets.
Mike O’Grady: I’d come back to the capital levels and 12.8 and maybe more importantly at 7.6. We've got room to bring on deposits. And we want our balance sheet to be there for clients. And so, when we get -- reach out to clients saying we want to move. And sometimes it's very significant. Sometimes it's not millions of dollars or hundreds. Sometimes it's billions of dollars. And for existing long-term clients, we want to have the capacity to help them. And we have. In terms of how we deal with it, it's oftentimes they'll let us know that it's episodic. It's them moving It's episodic. It's them moving money. They might be liquidating position going somewhere else. And so, there's no formula for -- and so we're not going to take two-year duration on reinvesting those deposits. And that said, there's a component where we do know it's more stable. And so, if you look at the balance sheet, back to the press release tables, it's actually -- you can look at a handful of the line items and see how of the deposits that have come in really roughly half has gone to central banks and stayed short, and about half have gone and been reinvested more in the securities portfolio in one way or another, not out -- if it's an institutional deposit, and it seems from the nature of your question you understand the different regulatory treatment of the deposits as they come in and so we have to hold liquidity and capital for those. But in many instances, it's been -- it's enabled us to take the securities portfolio from $50 billion to $60 billion over the last year.
Mike O’Grady: No. In general, we've been able to move some of the cash, if I understand your question, some of the cast down into the securities portfolio.
Mike O’Grady: Thanks. Thank you. Yeah. So the tax rate that was printed was higher. Obviously, if you take that out, you get back down to 28%. The difference being 28% to 24%, more episodic, it's not something that we think is longer term. We think 24% is still the right number in the long run. That said, I'll say fourth quarter can be -- even within that 24%, fourth quarter can be a tick higher than the 24%. Usually, you'll have first quarter that's a little bit lower. And then second, third, fourth quarter for different reasons a tick higher. But 24% over the course of the year is still good. It's still a good number in the long run.
Mike O’Grady: Yeah, Mike. It’s Mark. It's -- a couple of million was basically the number and it's for the types of services that might not be a recurring thing, a state services, real estate services that kind of thing, so -- and those were a little bit more elevated this quarter that helped some of those sequential growth.
Mike O’Grady: And loans are 85% repriced at this point. As I worked my way back up and let me know if I miss part of the question but locking from fourth quarter to first quarter, the loan balances and deposit balances have stayed elevated relative to where they were a year ago for sure. And -- but don't -- I really want to caution people to look at fourth quarter at the fourth quarter end of period. It was a particularly large spike that we had at the end of fourth quarter. And we did see that spike come down very quickly. And so -- what's a better predictor is looking at the average from fourth quarter and the average from fourth quarter to the average so far coming into fourth -- into first quarter. It seems the deposits are staying elevated at about that level. But just caution you from looking at how at that $171 billion balance sheeted at quarter end.
Mike O’Grady: That's right. I feel we've probably given I think what we know at this point and I think that what we know at this point and the drivers from what we just went through are going to be more how do large families and how do large institutions handle liquidity, and what happens with rates. And I think that -- I think you guys can monitor, guess at that pretty close to what we can. It's just hard for -- we wanted to be as transparent as possible on this. But there's just uncertainty that comes from what our clients are doing with their liquidity and it happens late in the quarter. And so, at this point, I feel like we've -- the description of how much of the securities portfolio is rolling off and what the impact of that is probably give you a starting point that we have from this point.
Mike O’Grady: Couple of things. One, it's not necessarily a specific goal to get to 100%. We wanted -- we want to get -- they want to get going past it and there's no magic between 101% versus 99%. Secondly, there are so many factors that go into what you just said and what type of business is coming in from a trust fee perspective, how much is driven by markets, are we growing from investment operations outsourcing versus custody versus wealth. And so that's what we've tried to give you a good launch point on expenses and then give very firm dynamics of what the key drivers are. But that's probably where we should leave what our predictions are over the course of the longer periods of time.
Mike O’Grady: Yeah. So you hit on -- I think two of those three examples are the big ones. And if you get -- right now, if you look at the yield curve, it's interesting. There's not been any movement out for kind of overnight through two years. And so it hasn't really helped us. But if you look out farther kind of 5 to 10, that's where you've seen the life. But we're not buying a lot in between there in that space. And so we have some of that steepness start to come not even overnight, but if it starts to hit, two, three, four years that starts to change things. And then secondly, loan growth. You think about the difference we have in yield in loans versus even the securities portfolio let alone central bank deposits, really, really large. So those are really the two big items.
Mike O’Grady: It's slowed down a lot. We've had some -- we had some items early. And by the way, it goes both ways. I mean, please remember that travel is -- and I tried to highlight it in the opening comments by pausing more, but the business promotion expenses being down, that’s COVID-related. And that’s material. And that’ll start to revert hopefully as things open back up again. And then there are also other savings, even cleaning millions of square feet of office space that we've been able to save. And so there's -- with that said, the flipside to it is that we continued to make investments on the resiliency environment that Mike hinted to in his opening comments. And so that means getting fresh equipment in the hands of existing partners. It means making sure that the technology package that new partners have enables them to work on a work-from-home basis that's more consistent. And so that said, I don't think those investments at this point -- and those investment decisions aren’t tens of millions of dollars. The one area that you might connect to this is that we want to make sure that our technology because of being in a resiliency mode, we're continuing this journey of ensuring we're doing a lot from a technology perspective. And we do link that somewhat to somewhat to being in this resiliency period of time.
Mike O’Grady: Well, a couple things. I mentioned earlier that we have been spending more -- so that is deliberate in conversations we're having with clients letting them know that we're -- our balance sheet is here for them. And part of it is the nature likely of our clients starting to see the light at the end of the tunnel and starting to make more investments in different ways. So it's hard to -- it's very difficult to predict whether or not that increase is going to continue to develop over time or accelerate. I would say it hasn't declined. And even at the end of the -- even coming after that you're looking at where numbers were at year end where they had been just in the first two or three weeks of the year, I think the risk could decline. And it's hard to say this too confidently, but the risk of decline is low. We feel better about it stabilizing and hoping that it continues to increase somewhat. But we've had very stable loans for a long period of time and it's hard to see an environment where it goes up by several billions of dollars. We're talking about $1 billion or $2 billion has significant impact on our overall loan volumes.
Mike O’Grady: Sure. Well, fee waivers in third quarter -- in fourth quarter were $23.5 million. But, Mark, maybe it’s better for you to explain the true-ups.
Mike O’Grady: Yeah. I think you're referring to the comment that Jason made about some of the nonrecurring type of organic growth. So I wouldn't -- not necessarily a true-up or an adjustment per se, but transaction volumes a true-up or an adjustment per se, but transaction volumes were higher during the quarter. And then we also have certain types of services that we might be doing for clients that are billed based on the period that we're doing them at. And so those are the kinds of, I would say, non-recurring fees once they come online. There was also -- there was also some true-ups that might happen from quarter to quarter, but not -- don't want you to think that there was a one $10 million item like that. It was more of kind of an aggregation of the types of fees that we see that might be a little more episodic than just the kind of recurring fees that we see each quarter.
Mike O’Grady: So, Vivek, it's Mike. So I’d start off by just answering your question. Yes, it is across all of those groups if you broke down the $13 trillion. As far as growth, it's interesting because as you look across the globe, at least for us in 2020, we had stronger growth -- asset growth on the asset owner side in North America. And that just relates to having a large business there in the US, also in Canada and having nice growth during the year. But if you look at EMEA and the APAC region, the growth was more from asset managers. So for example, in APAC, specifically Australia, strong growth with asset managers there which, for us, is I would say a nice positive because that business started off years ago primarily focused on asset owners with the strategy over time similar to what we've done in other geographies to then build out the asset manager services. And so that's gone well. And as I mentioned in EMEA, the growth with asset managers primarily being driven in Luxembourg and Ireland where, again, we've made investments to grow those businesses over time.
Mike O’Grady: So, Gerard, to your point, difficult to predict something like that at a very high macro level. And Jason indicated this earlier, where we do see the assets begin to move and it would be true both on the balance sheet but also within the fund, within the money market fund is where our clients which I think is a good proxy for a certain part of the market want to deploy those funds in other ways. And so, to the extent and I think you're already seeing that in the increasing values in other markets, right? So equity is obviously done quite well. Well, that's -- more buyers and sellers as they say and some of that's coming from liquidity, where they're earning anywhere from zero to negative depending on the jurisdiction. And they're saying, well, I need to move into riskier assets. And so that's gradually what's happening, absent what the central banks will do. And so to your point -- at this point, the central banks have kind of said, they're going to stay where they are for an extended time period. So that would indicate you would expect these trends to continue. And then once they begin to shift, yet, similar to the rise in liquidity, you would expect to see a decrease in liquidity and that would then flow backwards, I'll call it, through the system.
Mike O’Grady: On the loan question, most importantly, there's not been a change in our risk appetite or risk strategy. I'd say if anything, it's just been a change in an intensification of our communications strategy with our clients about what we're -- about being here for them and then being willing to be supportive as they have liquidity needs. And the credit portfolio is held in extremely well obviously. And you look at charge-offs or de minimis over the course of 2020, and nonperformings crept up a tiny bit in fourth quarter, but still very, very low levels. Less than 40 basis points, I think, of the portfolio. And our watch list actually declined for the period. So, everything there looks good. It's been -- but that said, the bankers are intensifying their communication with clients about our lending capacity and willingness. And so, that's really the driver. And then as we think about the capacity of the balance sheet, the size of it, certainly not something that we're actively looking to change in any way. We obviously take the fact that we now have the ability to go back and do share repurchase seriously. It's something we've already started engaging with our board on, so that we can, at the appropriate time, be back in the market within the framework that I described earlier. But it's not something where we'd say we're trying to increase or decrease the size of the balance sheet or the capital level. It's not going to be monumental change from -- the fact that we were out of the market is not going to drive monumental change in how we think about the capital levels.
Brennan Hawken: Hi. Good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. I just wanted to revisit the outlook on the fee waivers and the NII. I know there's a great deal of uncertainty and it's all really subject to what's happening to rates particularly on the short end. But I believe, Jason, you had updated the guide to the upper end of around 35%. I think the range was 25% to 35% and you said tacking to the upper end of that on the waiver’s front. And so, I just was curious whether or not we should assume that that holds since you didn't update it. And then you also have in the past said that, I think you had said that you expected NII to be generally stable from 4Q levels, of course, depending on what happens with loan growth. So, is that still true and how are you thinking about loan growth from here? Thanks.
Brennan Hawken: Okay. Great. That's all helpful color. I appreciate that, Jason. So when we think about organic growth, you walked through -- in response to an earlier question, you walked through some of the rates and some of the kind of profile has looked which is helpful. Is the back half of the year more like what we should expect, kind of like a 2% to 4% organic? Does that seem like something that you guys can hold in this weird environment that we had all stopped dealing with for a little longer, I guess. Is that the way we should think about it from here? And just kind of as a tack-on for that, I think you guys had said there was a nonrecurring servicing fee in wealth, so if it's possible to quantify that, that'd be great, too. Thanks for my multipart questions here.
Brennan Hawken: That's helpful. Thanks. And you found some paranoid salespeople. That's remarkable. Usually they're optimists.
