Michael G. O'grady: Sure. Why don't I, on that, Cynthia, just step back a little bit, given that there are a number of items in other, and it's that category that went up sequentially. Our expenses fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter for various reasons, and we did see that in the fourth quarter. When you look year-over-year, expenses were only up 1%, but quarter-over-quarter, they were up 6%. Third quarter expenses often can be lower. Often just with the summer months, they're slower from an activity standpoint, whereas fourth quarter expenses can be higher, given that we just have much more activity at the end of the year, which we certainly did this year. Much of it across our businesses, as I talked about, some due to things that were different this year, like the fiscal cliff and other things that I think just happen every year where you try to get a lot done by the end of the year. This year, we definitely saw the change in outside services and other operating expenses. Outside services includes a number of expenses, but certain things like sub custodian costs and third-party advisor fees, which fluctuate throughout the year. And there's no real definitive seasonal pattern to those fluctuations, but they were higher in the fourth quarter. Other outside services, such as contracted, technical, legal and consulting services, are required to on-board new clients. I mentioned QIC, but there were some other large clients which we finished the on-boarding in the fourth quarter. And so we saw those expenses go higher. And then similarly, as you point out in other operating expense, you have various charges such as accounting service charges related to accounting service -- accounting -- excuse me, account servicing activities, and those also tend to fluctuate. And we're higher in the fourth quarter. And then the largest category within other is business promotion. This includes things like travel, marketing, advertising. And these activities were lower in the third quarter and then higher in the fourth quarter. Other also includes staff-related expenses, so things like expat costs and relocation costs, and those were higher in the fourth quarter. And to your point, not costs that, in our view, necessarily repeat each quarter. And then I would go on a little further to say that as we've discussed on the call in the past, and it's in our financial disclosures as well, there are several areas where in the first quarter, we see seasonal patterns as well. So if you recall, stock option expense is typically higher in the first quarter of each year just due to the requirement that we expense options that are granted to retirement eligible employees. FICA insurance is also usually higher in the first quarter. And then, as you know, we also have the Northern Trust open that is held in February, and that results in higher business promotion expense in the fourth quarter. And if you also just recall, looking at last year, our expenses in the first quarter of 2012, if you adjusted out the charges, were fairly close to what our expenses were in the fourth quarter of 2011. And that's also when we began the execution of Driving Performance. So we're beginning to see some of the benefits of Driving Performance. So hopefully that gives you a little context.
Michael G. O'grady: There's no question that the technology costs for certain investments will continue going forward. That scenario, where in order to provide the services both on the personal side and the institutional side that not only that our clients demand but that our competitors are looking to provide as well, will require us to continue to make those investments. And as a result, the equipment and software line that you have there is one of the lines where we would expect that to continue to grow. Again, it's more than just the depreciation and amortization in that line. So there's not just a steady-state rate that will continue. There is some fluctuation, but for the most part, that's one where you saw approximately 6% growth in that line, both sequentially and year-over-year. And we expect that we'll continue to have growth in that line. And frankly, that's part of what we're doing with Driving Performance. It's not to say that we don't look at potential efficiencies and technology because we are. But given that we know we're going to have the growth in that expense category, we have to find other areas where we can find ways to reduce the rate of growth.
Michael G. O'grady: Sure. And you're right, Alex, that unfortunately, due to the environment, many of the gains that we made in Driving Performance essentially were taken away by lower FX and spread income. And with the environment at least at this point, looking that it's going to continue like that, the first priority is to make sure that we continue to execute on the set of initiatives that we have in place. And with that, as I pointed out and you just did as well, we are ahead of schedule on executing on that set of initiatives from a timing standpoint. So we got to the levels of savings and benefit faster than what we had originally laid them out for, that also if you look at some of them, we're a little bit above where we thought we would get, and some of them, we're a little bit below. And we will look to continue to execute on the remainder of those initiatives. And hopefully, we can get to that $250 million level sooner than what we expected. So that's the first part. The second part is, it's not a 2-year program and then we're done with it, but it's something that we're looking to continue going forward. So in 2013, we're executing on a number of those initiatives, but we're also looking to find additional initiatives that will help potentially later in 2013 but, more importantly, will be incremental in 2014 and beyond. And then the last thing I would say is, beyond just specific initiatives, what we're really trying to do with this is change the way that the corporation looks at productivity and that we just constantly look to improve our productivity. And doing that will beyond -- will be beyond just initiatives but also looking to just drive various metrics or measures of productivity so that this is a longer-term permanent change in our approach.
Michael G. O'grady: Okay. A number of questions in there, but let me see if I can get them, Alex. As far as the growth in C&IS, yes, agreed it's been very strong in the last couple of years, certainly. And if just -- with looking at the growth that we've had in new business, the one thing I would add beyond just the rate is the breadth of the new business. So you pointed out the growth in Global Fund Services, which has been very healthy. But likewise, in 2012, we saw very good growth in our traditional business of working with pension plans and corporations, and we also saw very good growth in our investment management products and solutions with our institutional clients. So when I look at our net new business, it's somewhat equally distributed between those 3 broad categories. Now going specifically to hedge fund services, which you mentioned there, very successful year in winning mandates in that business. But you are correct in pointing out that the revenue impact from that is going to be seen more in 2013. So the pipeline is very strong for that business. And then Bridgewater, for example, is the beginnings of, I would call, the 2014 pipeline because that's when the revenues will begin to come online there. So healthy growth across the -- kind of across the businesses. And from a pipeline standpoint, you'll see that coming through in '13. As far as the fee levels and profitability, I will just say that each of these businesses has a fee structure that works for that client base and for that marketplace. So they price things very differently because the services -- and it's not just the individual services, but it's the collection or bundle of services being provided to a pension plan, maybe very different than what we provide to one of the hedge funds. For example, just with the hedge funds, it's primarily a admin fee, if you will, hedge fund administration fee, asset servicing fee. There's less with regard to custody balances and, therefore, net interest income. There's less with regard to foreign exchange at this point and things like that. So it's more around the fees. So hopefully that addressed it. But then I would say as far as profitability, certainly, with all of those businesses and all of those clients, we're looking to achieve the appropriate profitability for the company and for that group overall. And there is a rigorous process around that in order to make sure that business is appropriately priced.
Michael G. O'grady: Again, a number of questions in there. Let me try to go through it. So as far as net interest income, on the asset side -- so our average earning asset is down a little bit in the quarter sequentially. And if you look at the categories, and again, for us, just 3 primary categories, the loans and leases, our securities portfolio and then the deposits with banks, each of those categories, relatively constant, where we saw the decrease was with our balances at the Fed, which -- that allows us to handle deposits as they come and go. As you pointed out, Alex, at the end of the year, our deposit levels and, therefore, our asset levels were a little bit higher. I would say we're at a little bit of a point of transition with regard to the size of the balance sheet. And what I mean by that is, with the fiscal cliff at the end of the year, we did see increased balances on the balance sheet. Having said that, now that we're past at least the first fiscal cliff and now we're dealing with other cliffs, we've seen further movement of those balances, often into just deploying them into different asset categories. The other factor, which I think is important, is at the end of the year, the TAG program or Transaction Account Guarantee program by the FDIC expired. So that was unlimited FDIC insurance on deposits. When that was put in place, we saw an inflow of deposits under our balance sheet, some very large, both personal and institutional deposit balances. And now we're seeing some level of diversification of those deposits on the part of our clients as opposed to concentration on any 1 institution. So there are inflows and outflows, I would say, with regard to the balance sheet. At this point, I don't necessarily see a significant directional move for the size of our balance sheet. With regard to NIM and margins, if I just go through the categories for you, looking at loans and leases first, we are at -- I think it was 2.73% in the quarter, which was down 12 basis points. As I mentioned, LIBOR was down 10 or 11 basis points in the quarter. A good portion of those loans are linked to LIBOR. So that's going to bring those yields down. And then also, with our mortgage portfolio and some of the other loan categories, as we put on new assets, which we've been talking about, if rates are lower than they're replacing mortgages that were at higher levels. Then the securities portfolio is at 91 basis points, which, if you exclude the 1 item from last quarter, is actually relatively flat with the previous quarter. And as you mentioned, Alex, one of the things that we've been trying to do is to maintain that yield, if you will, within the constraints of our asset and liability policies and the committee that executes that, but trying to maintain that yield as best we could. We did extend the duration on that portfolio a little bit during the quarter. And so we're reinvesting a little bit further out. The average duration now, the index duration, if you will, is a little bit over a year. So that's up. We were previously a little bit under a year on that. So we've been investing a little bit further out. But in doing so, just with where rates were in the quarter, that is at a rate that is below the average yield on the securities portfolio. And as much as we're trying to manage through that, to your point, Alex, there's only so much risk that we think is appropriate, whether that's interest rate risk or credit risk, that we're willing to take on in order to maintain that. And then finally, just with deposits with banks, that was, I think, at about 81 basis points, down 12 basis points. And as I mentioned, our deposits with Australian banks where the rate is much higher, the decline in yields was much greater. I think it was 30 basis points. And that accounts for about 9 of the 12 basis points. So other currencies were down for the remaining 3 basis points, and that's just where short-term rates are very low in the euro and other currencies. On the cost of funds, that was down about 5 basis points, so it helped a little bit. Most of that is due to the fact that we have Australian dollar deposits as well. So when the rates go down there, we get the benefit of that as well. So hopefully that gives you some picture. Obviously, much of it has to do with what the rate environment is and will be in the third quarter and in 2013.
Michael G. O'grady: Yes. Particularly, as you mentioned, Howard, on the PFS side, we did see an increase in activity with regard to our clients at the end of the year. But it was very much focused on dealing with the uncertainties of the I'll call it the tax and investment environment going forward and less about re-risking or de-risking per se. So high level of activity, whether that's because they were receiving special dividends or again for some of our larger clients, selling businesses, things like that, that had more of a tax impact, if you will, than an investment impact. We also saw when that happened, Howard, that some of their balances came on to our balance sheet as deposits. But also, we saw a pretty sizable increase for the quarter in our money market mutual funds with PFS. And that accounted for most of that sequential increase in our assets under management. So it was about getting those types of transactions done. I think now as we go into 2013, there's still a level of uncertainty as to how this is all going to play out, but it's less around executing transactions and changing the structures of their estate, things like that where we were very active and more now looking at the environment and whether they want to deploy some of those proceeds and distributions into different asset classes, be it higher risk or otherwise.
Michael G. O'grady: Sure. So on the first part, as far as the expenses, the incremental benefit that we're going to see in 2013 is mostly focused around what we call the either process optimization, if you recall that category, or it's often called end-to-end initiatives. So these are things that run across the institutions and in many ways are -- take longer to map out the plan and then to actually execute on that plan because it touches so many parts of the business. So many times I've talked about client administration, that's something that involves changing our processes and also changing the technology. And so, we saw very little benefit in 2012 from that, but expect to get a benefit from it in 2013. Another area, Howard, which is in that same category but I think is even easier to understand is in our procurement area where we made a number of changes in the way we approach procurement. In certain areas, it was easy to get the benefit upfront of what I would consider more of just purchasing leverage. But we think that there's still significant opportunity in that category and probably represents the biggest opportunity for us in 2013 as far as savings. So those are the types of things that are more of these end-to-end initiatives that are going to deliver the expense savings.
Michael G. O'grady: Sure. As far as just reform, we, as you mentioned, are a significant participant in that market. And we have submitted our own comment letter to FSOC. And I would say that the summary of that letter is that we don't believe that any of the 3 alternatives that they put forward in and of themselves are the answer. But we do believe that there are components that, to the extent they head down that direction, are reforms, if you will, that could be beneficial. So the idea of a floating right NAV, for example, in the right context is something that we think can work for our clients, as well as the managers and providers of this. Where there are other components, such as holdbacks, which we just don't think will meet with client expectations for these types of vehicles. So we know it's going to continue to evolve. As we've said before, we're really trying to just make sure we're positioned for whatever the change is because, to the extent that a money market fund becomes less attractive for our clients, we want to make sure we can provide other alternatives for them, like deposits on the balance sheet or like other ultrashort vehicles. We did introduce in the fourth quarter I mentioned the 6 new ETFs. One of them is a very short duration product, so in many ways, it acts as an alternative for our money market fund. It has the equivalent of a floating rate NAV, if you will. So we're trying to make sure that we're going to be positioned to deal with the clients and have a view on the reforms that -- as to things that make sense and don't make sense. And at this point, as far as differentiating between channels, I don't necessarily have a comment on that. I guess we haven't really tried to think about trying to differentiate in the channels, but rather just trying to provide products and alternatives that will meet with the various needs.
Michael G. O'grady: Sure. We do feel very good about our capital position, Howard. And in 2012, we paid back -- our total payout ratio was about 65%, so obviously, we were accreting capital. And as much as maybe you and we look at those total capital ratios, at this point, the capital plan process that they have in place is more focused on payout ratio. And so, we're looking to put forth a very strong plan to the regulators. We submitted our plan the beginning of January. We'll work our way through that process. We don't think it's appropriate really at this point to talk about what's in the plan because we are working through it with the regulators. But needless to say, the ratios that we have, we are very, very comfortable with that level of capital and would like to return more capital to our shareholders.
Michael G. O'grady: Yes, it's -- first of all, Glenn, we clearly have the objective of wanting to have our plan not objected to by the regulators. So that's kind of point number 1. Point number 2 is that when they evaluate these plans, it's a very kind of holistic evaluation. So as much as we have a particular capital ratio, others may have particular capital ratios. In the regulators' mind, that's one component. We feel good about the other components of our capital process and our capital adequacy, but I'm just pointing out the fact that it's a holistic approach. The reason why they don't give us an answer right away, of course, is because they're in here doing their work and there's a lot of interaction between now and when they actually give a response. As you know, they run various stress scenarios, so they want to ensure that they can -- that we, in fact, are running idiosyncratic risks to our capital basis. And there's various things also that are uncertainties, if you will, in the sense that -- the ability to do acquisitions, for example, certainly would consume capital going forward. So my only point in it is it's not a simple, just a comparison between your current capital level and whether you'll be at a particular payout ratio. It's a more holistic process and dialogue with the regulators. And again, we feel good about where we are. Certainly, returning capital to our shareholders is a priority. We have a very good relationship with the regulators, and so we're going to continue to try to work through with them. And over time, we do think that this process will evolve. And it will evolve in a way, Glenn, I think where it's less about that payout ratio that you talked about. So we won't necessarily -- 100% plus or minus won't necessarily mean that much. It much more will be where you are in your overall capital adequacy.
Michael G. O'grady: Yes. I think -- here's one thing I would look at, Glenn, which is there's always going to be fluctuations, and I won't go back through some of those categories that -- again, we can't predict necessarily when we're going to have charges for account servicing activities, we can't necessarily determine we have sub-custody, et cetera. So it's hard to necessarily say, "Okay, where is it going to be?" But if you look at the year, adjusted for the charges, our expenses were up 4%. Obviously, they were up only 2% just on a reported basis. But if you adjust for the charges, up 4% in a year when granted revenues were up about 3%. But our trust fees were up 11%. And the trust fee has been really where we're growing the business, granted there's some impact from equity markets, but it was mostly due to new business. If we roll forward here, we're going to continue to try to grow the trust fees at a healthy clip. We don't know what revenue growth is going to be because of those other factors. Certainly, we're going to try to maximize on those other revenue streams. But not knowing that and going through the year that we just went through and expecting that environment, we're certainly going to try to keep our expense growth in line with what we've achieved in 2012.
Michael G. O'grady: You're correct, Luke, that alternatives is an area that is, I would say, a strategic focus for our asset management business. And the primary focus there for our clients is to be able to provide them with a robust set of alternatives within the alternatives space. So the way we've approached it is through both hedge funds of funds and private equity funds of funds primarily. And that business, and I don't have any specific numbers in front of me, but continues to do well. But as you pointed out, we haven't seen an increased level of risk appetite, if you will, on the clients' part that has changed the trajectory in a meaningful way where we're seeing outsized growth in that category. It'll continue to be one of the things that's at the top of the list for NTGI. And I think it's going to have to be a combination of our ability to offer more alternatives for them, and at the same time, the risk appetite of the clients also increasing.
Michael G. O'grady: International expansion for PFS is another strategic initiative for us, and it's one where I would say that, that initiative is also progressing. We've made a number of personnel changes earlier in the year, placing more partners over in Europe to continue that strategy. And one of the things I would point out is, the way we're approaching that market is where we feel that we have the strongest offering, so it's at the higher end. And with that, you mentioned some of the areas that can be challenges for us, one of the strengths we think we have is that given the institutional side of our business, our Global Family office, part of our PFS business, can benefit from the custody platform, our technology platform, that we offer to our institutional clients. And so, that's something where, while we might be -- we're not an incumbent in some of the jurisdictions that you've talked about there, we think that we can present a better service offering which will help us grow that. So still early stages, and it's a long-term strategy, it's not something that I would look for immediate impact on. But we talked about, for NTGI, that alternatives is at the -- towards the top of their list, in the same way for PFS international is towards the top of their list for strategic initiatives.
Michael G. O'grady: Sure. So let me start with the pipeline part of it because I think that's easier, which is, continues to be strong. And it's -- when I say across the board, I've talked about difference businesses, but it's also in the size of transactions as well or new clients. So at the top end, it is things like Bridgewater or QIC, but it runs all the way down the list. When I look at the list for 2012 of our new client wins or business that's actually been implemented, it's a very diversified list in the sense of size as well. Obviously, the larger ones require more in the way of time and resources, meaning dollars, to get implemented. And that's not -- it's not perfectly smooth, as you would expect. I mentioned the QIC in the fourth quarter. There's certainly, as I think is only natural, often target dates for implementation that are put out there as well, and we certainly had some that were end of the year. And so in the C&IS business, they were on-boarding some clients which did cause some of these expense categories that I've talked about to be higher. So it's not going to be smooth. But at the same time, I don't think that we're going to have quarters where it's extremely high and then other quarters where it's really low. With the largest clients, we do look to pace the level of cost there. There are certain costs, not all of them -- there are certain costs that we can defer as part of the implementation, so that also helps somewhat. But that's the pattern, if you will, for these. But I would say that every time that we look at -- we look primarily at the economics of that new client as opposed to necessarily what the individual period accounting might be. And for some of these, the front end is more challenging from the accounting standpoint, but certainly, the longer-term economics are very favorable. And they're not necessarily -- yes, I don't want to give the impression they're back end weighted. It's just the fact that the startup can have more expenses than the revenues.
Michael G. O'grady: Okay. And let me address that maybe a little more pointedly, Ken, to, which is as much as I think we were a little bit higher in the fourth quarter, I do not want to give the impression that we were much higher in this quarter and for some reason, those aren't going to repeat because to your point, we are constantly looking to win new clients and there's costs involved with that, but also to on-board them. So these are ongoing costs. If you ask, okay, how do we think about that from a trend standpoint? I've mentioned a couple of times here, looking at our expenses relative to the fees, and so as much as every quarter, that ratio is not necessarily going to improve. There's no doubt that we want that trend to improve. So in 2012, that ratio was down meaningfully from where it was in 2011. Now the ratio in fourth --- in the fourth quarter is a little bit higher than the third quarter. So you're going to -- it's going to bump a little bit, but definitely we want that trend to be coming down.
Michael G. O'grady: Sure. So volatility, obviously, a big driver for us and just for the market for FX. And with foreign exchange, if we look at just our custody clients, their level of FX activity was lower sequentially in the quarter and definitely year-over-year. So they're just doing less. Obviously, our objective is, for anything that they are doing, we would like them to transact with us. So the strategy part primarily comes into how can you increase your share with your clients based on their activity because you can't really impact volatility and you probably don't have much impact on how much your client is actually transacting. So that's with our custody clients. The other thing that we're doing, Ken, is we are definitely looking to do more with non-custody clients. And that's an area where I would say we may have trailed others with the level of activity that we have with non-custody clients, but it's something that we're looking to continue to expand going forward here in 2013.
Michael G. O'grady: Yes, as you pointed out, Brian, I mean, that's very much a modeling exercise and one that we have to look at and make various assumptions about the behavior of both the asset side and the liability side. And on the liability side, the big question, of course, is as rates move up or move down, but your question is directed more towards the up, how quickly do we expect that we would need to also increase the rate that we pay on the various types of deposits. So one could make arguments about how aggressive or conservative we are in making those assumptions. But bottom line, I would say, is clearly, we expect in an increasing rate environment that, that will be very beneficial to us. The pace or timing of that is difficult to anticipate. And as you know with those models as well, you look at defined time periods and also the speed of the ramp, which I think are largely artificial and impossible to predict. And so I would say, it's mostly directional as opposed to being able to really forecast what's going to happen in a particular rate environment.
Michael G. O'grady: Well, it is an outcrop of the modeling exercise but also the rationale or the assumption behind it. Generally speaking, you're correct in the sense of saying at what point do those liabilities behave in a way that you need to be essentially passing along the increase in rates, right? So you may -- the timing of when the increase in rates helps your yield versus when it impacts your cost, and once you get to a certain level of that, those 2 things become more correlated, if that makes sense.
Michael G. O'grady: Yes. I can't tell you the exact because I don't know relative to '04 what our assumptions are, but we do have a lag assumption that's in there. I would also say though what's tricky on this, particularly tricky, Brian, is we've never seen rates that are as low as they are right now across all the currencies that we have. So there are certain currencies, as you know, that are actually negative rates. And so, to be able to compare it to a different time period and, frankly, to be able to project out what is going to happen when those rates change and come back into positive territory and what the expectation of depositors are is just particularly a tricky exercise.
Michael G. O'grady: Yes, and I would just add on that, Marty, and I didn't mention this earlier, but just with regard to Driving Performance. We've talked in previous calls about the fact that with PFS, they had their change in pricing structure at the beginning of the year, so essentially, it was implemented. On C&IS, we've talked about in previous quarters the fact that, that's a different process where we need to essentially work our way through with -- one by one with each of these clients in order to determine the appropriate approach and then outcome with them. And so, the revenue pickup for C&IS has increased each quarter. And on the revenue side, the fact that we are up a couple of million dollars over the previous quarters is due to C&IS, and you're seeing that through the metric that you just mentioned as well.
Michael G. O'grady: Yes. So the charges that we had in 2012 were a combination of integration costs related to finalizing the integration of the 2 acquisitions that we did in 2011 and then also restructuring charges related to Driving Performance. And to your point, Marty, we would expect that both of those charges related to those things and we can't -- I don't know outside of that, but with regard to those 2 things, those would definitely go down. They were higher in the fourth quarter because of some of the actions that we took with regard to Driving Performance, so particularly on the real estate front, for example, where we closed various offices both on the PFS side and also reorganized space on the corporate side, as well, but those involved charges. And at this point, we're not expecting to have as many real estate moves like that.
Michael G. O'grady: Sure. So on both of them, I'm going to answer them somewhat together, which is we are seeing benefits in both categories, so both the cross-sell and with specific fee increases. And in the traditional business, part of that conversation is just the other revenue streams are not at the levels that either we nor our clients anticipated, and so an increase in the fee is something that they believe is appropriate as well. So that's been a positive. And then the other thing I would say is, as far as how far we are, the way I think about it is, we keep track of where we are with client discussions. And at this point, we're at 3/4 of the way through the dialogue. So in other words, we've had discussions on this front with 3/4 of our clients. That doesn't mean that we've necessarily seen 3/4 of the benefit that we're going to get. But as far as having a specific dialogue related to Driving Performance, related to overall profitability for that particular client, we're 3/4 of the way through.
Michael G. O'grady: Yes, I don't know the specific answer. So I don't necessarily want to say majority of them are. But it is not one where I would say that we're looking to change the pricing on every client by any means. It is -- it's looking -- that's why it's taken so long and it is very methodical is because each of these are different. And some of them were very much at a point in what I call the value proposition was balanced at the beginning. It's very balanced right now. So there's really not much of a need to change, and others are much further out of line.
Michael G. O'grady: Right. So clearly, we'd like to be in that range sooner and be towards the upper end of it. We do not have a specific corporate timeline for when we believe that we need to be within the 10% to 15%. Frankly, with a little bit better environment, we would have been -- we would already be in the 10% plus range. But we gave up, as I've talked about, the majority of the savings from Driving Performance through reductions in FX and in net interest income this year. So that's why our objective this year is to continue to move along the lines with Driving Performance so that we could get ourselves into that range. And then really the driver of where we end up within the range will have to do with the broader environment. Our plan is to continue to improve our profitability, but at the same time, given the impact of the environment, it's also going to be up to those factors to determine whether we get towards the higher end of the 10% to 15% or more towards the middle for various time periods. But for the things that we can control, it's about trying to continue to move up into the range and then further up in the range.
