Mark Bette: Thank you, Todd. Good morning everyone and welcome to Northern Trust Corporation’s third quarter 2018 earnings conference. Joining me on our call this morning are Biff Bowman, our Chief Financial Officer and Kelly Lernihan from our Investor Relations team. For those of you who did not receive our third quarter earnings press release and financial trends report via e-mail this morning, they are both available on our website at northerntrust.com. Also on our website, you will find our quarterly earnings review presentation, which we will use to guide today’s conference call. This October 17 call is being webcast live on northerntrust.com. The only authorized rebroadcast of this call as the replay that will be available on our website through November 14. Northern Trust disclaims any continuing accuracy of the information provided in this call after today. Now for our Safe Harbor Statement, what we say during today’s conference call may include forward-looking statements which are Northern Trust current estimates and expectations of future events or future results. Actual results of course could differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements, because the realization of those results is subject to many risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. I urge you to read our 2017 Annual Report on Form 10-K and other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for detailed information about factors that could affect actual results. During today’s question-and-answer session, please limit your initial query to one question and one related follow-up. This will allow us to move through the queue and enable as many people as possible the opportunity to ask questions as time permits. Thank you again for joining us today. Let me turn the call over to Biff Bowman.
Mark Bette: 3-month cross currency U.S. dollar euro swap is one that you can look at, because euro is an area where we have been doing these trades during this quarter.
Mark Bette: And that’s something Mike that we will look to give an update on as we get later into the quarter and we have an opportunity.
Mark Bette: And then Ken I think you had also asked about the decline that we saw in savings, money market and other, and within that bucket about 75% of that is wealth management deposits and that is where we saw declines during this quarter, was on the wealth management side, and we did see of that about half of that would have moved into off-balance sheet funds and then what’s left with kind of split between whether there was deployment from clients whether it was investments or debt pay-downs, and then there were some that we would have seen of that other bucket that would have just left our balance sheet or balances were pulled down by clients.
Mark Bette: Hi, Betsy. Yes. So, really, the ITS is kind of a bit of an offshoot from in 2016 when we acquired Aviate Global to kind of strengthen our global brokerage business. So, really those – it’s a solutions for our asset owners and asset managers. It’s really that I would say is more in the security commissions and trading space than it would be within the trust fee categories and we have seen good growth in that area. I would say that for this quarter, the security commissions and trading performance was impacted by transition management activity being lower and as well as interest rate swap activity being lower and those do tend to be more volatile on a quarter-to-quarter basis, but when we look at the underlying like core brokerage trends, including ITS, we see some good growth there.
Mark Bette: Brian, hi, it’s Mark. Yes, I would say that it’s a fairly clean number. I mean the decline that we would have had for the equity incentive compensation really relates to when we issue the grants in the first quarter for retirement eligible expense that gets recognized over the first two quarters, most of it in the first and then $11 million of it was in the second quarter. So that would have rolled off in the third quarter. So what’s left I would say is a pretty probably good solid starting point as far as compensation goes.
Mark Bette: Yes. And I will add one piece to that too there. There can be you have seen some improvement I think in the trajectory of the compensation line in some cases where we have chosen to outsource the outside service line picks up the expense, but the comp line should come down commensurately. So, we have some – we have talked about some of our managed services around their technology that we have done. That’s another underlying driver of that as well.
Mark Bette: And the one thing that does get volatile within that category sometimes is the hedge. The hedge – the true up of the hedging, the net revenue hedging that we are doing which is off of a slight drag on a year-over-year basis. But that the overall impact of currency is kind of netted across the income statement and that’s where some of those impacts.
Mark Bette: In business promo about $17 million sequential increase and you will see when the 10-Q is filed we are right in that range.
Mark Bette: Yes, Gerard, it’s hard. I mean you could look at overall global market volumes of the driver. There is sometimes with through the sub-custodian network, there might be different timings of recoveries when those types of billings come through and then they come into the fees as well, but in general, I think looking at overall market volumes is a good way to probably try to judge that.
Biff Bowman: Yes. So, let me walk you through that. There was a sequential decline as you pointed out and I will try to add color to that. If we look, we were down about $11 million sequentially. About half of that, about $6 million of that was securities lending fees, which have as you know some sequential between the second and third quarter, some seasonality. That was driven really by lower volumes, lower borrower demand, particularly in global equities and the spreads tightened as we saw versus LIBOR in that. Then you get to investment management fees. They were also down sequentially, about a little over $4 million. About half of that decline was driven by what I would say there were some outflows and modest re-pricing captured in that line. So, that drove some of that along with we had about half of that $4 million was from a net to gross true-up in the second quarter, so couple of million dollars from that, that we – when we lap it sequentially it could create some of the variance. And then you get to the custody and fund administration fees and the growth rate there or lack of growth rate there, there was some currency translation as you put out, but I think it’s important to remember the transaction volumes are also a factor in this line item and somewhere between 20% to 25% of our C&IS custody and fund administration fees are really driven by transaction volumes, they are not driven by market levels. So, that was an important driver in the decline there. As it relates to growth in the business or organic growth in the business, I would like to bring this point out. I think that when we look at organic growth in our businesses, we like to look at it on a year-to-date or over longer periods of time. And when we look at where we are through three quarters of this year, we are in the range that we have discussed with you around the organic growth rates in our businesses and we have talked about that being in the 4% to 5% range as a firm. We are in that year-to-date. In any given quarter, we could be slightly lower than that. In this quarter, we were slightly lower than that and particularly in the C&IS business, we were below their trend rate. That being said, as we look out into the fourth quarter, where we have known new business implementations both in our pipeline and known new business implementations, we still feel very good about getting to that historical organic growth rate that we have talked to you about in any given quarter that could potentially drive the fees going directionally at different ways, but we feel good about what we know. In the fourth quarter, some implementations, particularly in the C&IS business can be pushed from quarter-to-quarter and that can cause a little bit of fluctuation in any one given quarter, but still like I said feel good about the year’s view of the organic growth rate in both of our businesses quite frankly.
Biff Bowman: Okay. So, couple of questions in there, right. I got a balance sheet question and then the FX trade. On the FX trade as we pointed out, it was $19 million of additional FX in the quarter, but with a $17 million net interest income give up in the quarter. One of the ways to look at this is the…
Biff Bowman: So, if you go on to Bloomberg, you can look at that and pull that up and if that spread narrows, that trade becomes with there is more NII give up and less FX spread over that. So, that’s one way on that line item. We will continue to look at that and determine if it’s in the best interest of our shareholders to leave that trade on or not and we just have to look at market trends and where we are so far in the quarter that trade particularly euros versus dollars is still profitable for our shareholders and that’s what you would see if you looked at it on the Bloomberg terminal.
Biff Bowman: In terms of the second part of your question, which is probably get into what others, let’s say around the balance sheet. What I would say on the balance sheet is this, we certainly continue to monitor the non-interest bearing deposit and have regular dialogs with our clients, you saw the $2 billion or so that came off of our balance sheet in non-interest bearing deposits. In the quarter, we provide them with a number of solutions for their liquidity needs whether that’s on balance sheet off balance sheet etcetera. As far as the declines we saw this quarter on that $2 billion. About 40% of that decline was within the category that we have discussed before here which represents mainly from our fund services business and these would be asset managers and hedge funds, etcetera. This is also the category that we saw the most declines in when you think back to the second quarter and third quarter of 2017. What we do believe is that most of what remains within that category is now just under $5 billion, which is now just under $5 billion is that there is – they are there for day-to-day operational needs that we are actually seeing the interest rate sensitivity in that bucket. Most of those clients we think the balances are that stay with us are there for operational needs. So i.e., we have seen much of the rundown in that buckets that we think we would see. If you look at the remainder of where that $2 billion went, the other part of the $2 billion was split really between two categories. The first was what I would say is our global institutional asset servicing business or kind of BAU custody business. And I think those deposits can ebb and flow from a quarter-to-quarter basis depending on our clients cash and capital deployments, that’s putting it to work as a part of their regular BAU business as usual dealings. We see this kind of fluctuation on a regular basis. And then the last portion of that $2 billion was really more around our treasury management, our commercial DDA type accounts. And it’s quite transactional in nature and so we can see that kind of volatility to that was a little bit more pronounced than we would normally see, but was a little bit more in the commercial DDA bucket. Thanks.
Biff Bowman: Yes, we do. Ken we think we will still get that growth from the core custody business and we do a lot of modeling around that as we need to do understand for instance our liquidity coverage ratio and others. But there is significant correlation between our growth in AUC and other things that absolutely drive the balance sheet larger, but we got to continue to grow the core business. But we do believe that the balance sheet will grow from core asset servicing wins over time. There could be some bumpiness in that as we look at the balance sheet and it seeks certain yield. But I think over long periods of time if we continue to grow the franchise with the organic growth rates we have talked about here, we will see the balance sheet respond with that type of growth as well.
Biff Bowman: Yes, one thing I would say Brennan, so the decline that we saw in wealth management deposits, the non-interest part of wealth management deposits was actually pretty stable in the quarter. The decline that we saw was in the interest-bearing side for the wealth management deposit.
Biff Bowman: But Brennan to the larger point you brought up there that’s why I try to say in any given quarter, the beta is going to look large if there’s catch-up from either being slightly lagging markets and disciplined, and we really do try to look at them over a year or some longer period of time to understand how the beta has actually moved. In any given quarter there could be pricing catch-up, sometimes there can be pricing slowdown if we’ve gotten ahead in any quarters. This quarter would look like more like pricing catch-up in some of the lines.
Biff Bowman: Yes. They were slower in the early part of the quarter and certainly slowest in August with some pick up a little bit in September, particularly as we got near the end of September. And I don’t have the numbers through October, we’ll give you some color on that in December, but I would say the earlier quarter was the slower periods from transactions.
Biff Bowman: Okay. Here is what I would say. I think we have a fairly significant different business mix between 2004 and 2006 when you look at the construct of the balance sheet. There are more institutional, large institutional asset management type clients that exist on the balance sheet for that period of time. So, that measure you had of it moving from 20 to let’s call it 12 over that period of time may not necessarily translate to now, because the mix of clients on the balance sheet could be fairly meaningfully different. We did our largest acquisition in the GFS space in 2005 and it’s moved to be a much different proportionality of our business. If I look at that mix though of the 19, the second part of your question was sort of how is that $19 billion mix today. First, let me start off about 90% of that is in dollars, just under 90% of it is in – about 87%, and then about 30% of that is in wealth management deposits, 20% is what I would say are in support of our treasury cash management business and then the remaining 50% is really attributable to what I just described the C&IS business, some core and some supporting asset managers in there. So, that’s kind of the breakdown of that $19 billion to $20 billion. But I wouldn’t want to pre-suppose that it moves back down to 11% or 12% as a percent of the balance sheet, because our mix is different. I don’t have that answer, but I don’t think that you can make that assumption correctly given the different specs for the company and that need to be passed to be there to support large asset managers’ activities.
Biff Bowman: So, I would say, let me give you a longer term view first is we absolutely think that we can continue to drive that lower with things like value for spend and a lot of initiatives that we have going on. In the short-term to be able to react to market volatility or down perhaps in the market in any given quarter that maybe difficult. Remember that some proportionality of our expenses, are going to move with that same market decline. So, they move directionally with that, so we get that benefit, but there are others that are more fixed or not directly tied to that market level and we are getting after those. We think though over quarters that we can have an expense discipline that’s more closely aligned with the revenue fees that we are seeing. That’s why I would just add that we talked on these calls a lot about continuing to do what we can to drive the organic fee leverage into our business, meaning the things that we can most control are how much fast we grow it organically and how much expense we need to support that growth. And as long as we get those in line with some leverage, the markets over long periods of time will likely be upward sloping and be our friend. So, hopefully that answers your question.
Biff Bowman: Alex, I think that, that number is actually smaller than 5 to 6. Now, I think that where the rate moves we have seen with what eight hikes I think we have had now, we actually think that the rate sensitive money in there has probably already in our discussions with that pool, we think that the rate sensitive portions of that have started to move or have already moved, I should say have already moved. So, it’s smaller, it’s not zero, I should be clear, but I think it’s smaller than the 5 to 6 that we talked about. So I think we are seeing some of that rate sensitivity money already of taking action. So I would size that little smaller than that. I can’t give you the exact number, but I think we have seen a lot of that action. Some of what you saw in this quarter as I tried to describe earlier, there was some that moved from that bucket I think we said about 40%, so I think that part. The others, I would say, was more what I would say BAU kind of moves that we could see from normal transactional volume, they could leave and come in any given quarter of that. Hopefully that helps give a little more color.
Biff Bowman: I think it would be fair to assume that the outsized or the larger beta that you saw in the quarter would have some competitive catch-up in it where we have to evaluate where we are and we may have had the benefit in Q2 and we have to assess where we are on the competitive landscape. We get some of that data at the end of quarters as you may know from others and it provides us with the opportunity to price competitively. So, that’s an assumption and let you go from there.
Biff Bowman: So yes, it’s organic fee growth. It’s exactly right. And the first part of the question was around, sorry repeat…
Biff Bowman: Re-pricing with within asset management was I would say it was along the lines of we have a large passive franchise inside of our C&IS business in particular and as you know the competitive nature of that is very much in the press and we are not immune to that either and we have important clients and we have dialogs with them on a regular basis around the pricing and we have some of that in the period. It has a negative impact on our fees.
Biff Bowman: Yes, it certainly continues to remain competitive in that space and it really has more nuance than just for me to just say that broad-brush. In certain markets, we could see very highly competitive pricing, parts of Asia or we could see it in other parts of the world. In other parts where we see what I would say is more measured and pragmatic pricing. So I’m hesitant to give you anything other than it’s a really competitive landscape for pricing. We feel pretty good about our ability to compete and still drive margins. We talked about the margins in our C&IS business continue to expand in the quarter, so they are able to win without margin erosion in that space. So we feel pretty good, but it is still a very competitive landscape in that space. I do think in the macro environment, we are able if you can bring value proposition, you can still get paid for it in this space, but you have to demonstrate the value you are creating for the marketplace in which we compete, particularly in the institutional side of the business, which is what I think you are referencing. I think on the wealth side we demonstrate that value proposition very effectively and we have seen really very strong growth on the fee side on the wealth management business.
Biff Bowman: Yes, well, we track the trends client by client over time. We do that and we have seen these types of things before. I guess I can’t guarantee that they come back, but we have seen these types of ebbs and flows in the past from those clients that we tracked at a client level that drove some of this in the quarter. I can’t guarantee that they come back, they could have excess cash, but we are tracking it at a client level and we have seen these types of moves before from those in which clients we had. So we will continue to track that and you are absolutely right, it could be something that was more permanent in nature, but that’s our current and most informed view.
Biff Bowman: Yes. So, the two separate services, so I will go first to risk and analytics services, we have for a long time provided what I will call the analytics and analysis of particularly fund performance of pension fund or whatever. So when a pension fund board or a public fund board is evaluating how their assets have performed and their managers have performed, we provide very detailed analytics and it’s another way for us to use the data we have and work with them to provide what I call very high value-added services. They continue to do great work and have been able to grow that business and it’s been a very value-added part of the relationship. I will let Mark give you an update on ITS.
Biff Bowman: Yes. I think it certainly is being primarily run through Europe right now, because that’s where the predominance of the Aviate acquisition was. And I think we will look to see if there is availability in the U.S. or applicability in the U.S. or Asia.
Biff Bowman: Yes. I would say when we look at the year-over-year growth in outside services we are looking at about 6% to 7%. There is probably about 3 points of that would have been from the acquisition. And then when you look at what’s left about 3% of growth. There is the impact of the higher third-party advisor fees for revenue recognition and net to gross accounting slightly offset by lower sub-advisor costs, but we would say that you are probably looking at when you adjust for those things a pretty modest amount of growth, really driven by technical services, which includes market data, but offset by we are seeing lower consulting and legal expense on a year-over-year basis. So, that’s outside services on a year-over-year basis.
Biff Bowman: Sure, yes. That is the way we look at it. That’s good. I would say if you pull ex-currency, ex-acquisition, ex-charges, we would say that trust fees were probably up 5.5% or so and we would look at our expense to be in the 5% to 5.5% range excluding all of those items too. That’s not organic, that’s just sort of at the core if we pull all those things out. So that’s how we would look at fees and expenses and core revenue they would be about 8%. Core revenue ex all of the items that we talked about would be 8%.
Biff Bowman: Yes. I won’t give that range, but I will say this. We absolutely think that the NIM can expand and the balance sheet can grow and the NIM can expand. As long as we continue to see the deposit betas move sort of at where we are seeing industry levels and again not just looking at one quarter, but looking at trends in the deposit betas we think it can expand and we think the balance sheet can get bigger with the organic growth trajectory that we have talked about before. This quarter had some movement in it. We had mix shift in the balance sheet. We had some runoff of the non-interest bearing deposits. But we absolutely think that it can expand particularly if you think rates are going to rise in that environment the value of the non-interest bearing deposits that exist on our balance sheet are even greater in terms of expansiveness of that NIM. So we do believe that it’s just this quarter it kind of flattened out. I think you need to look at the trajectory of our NIM and its migration more than just one quarter. I know that’s what you do, but we need to look at it over longer periods of times it may have some stair stepping to it over time.
Biff Bowman: Yes. I mean we looked – we have a shorter duration balance sheet as you know I think the three months LIBOR averaged 2.34 for both the second and third quarters. So essentially no movement from what we saw in the second quarter. One month LIBOR did expand that was about 14 basis points, about half of what we saw in the previous quarter. One month LIBOR is our largest impactful and three months LIBOR is the second, so they both were muted relative to the rate move. I don’t know how long that – I don’t know what that trend will be in this quarter.
Biff Bowman: I think if you look at this quarter, certainly in the other operating income we hope we won’t have any community investment breakdowns of 8 million. So I would certainly not consider that recurring investment. In our Visa derivative, Mark this quarter was $5 million higher than it was a year ago. So if you back those two out, let you then figure out a range and Mark I don’t know if you have any color you want to add. But I think those are two. The rest of those items in that bucket moved in somewhere around a more consistent pattern, but those two were somewhat extraordinary on the…
Biff Bowman: Yes. We will give you an update on that in December when we have had a chance to look at two months and give you some color on that. And as you see in our end of period balance sheet it can get quite large at the end of a period. And some of that can stick around for a week until it sort of gets displaced or put back into the market and so I would be uncomfortable giving you any view of that, because I don’t think it’s a better average and moving average by mid-December when we are in the public forum, we will be able to give you a much cleaner look.
Biff Bowman: So the 1-month LIBOR spread movement and be an important item for you to track. So with 3 months but 1 month would be the primary in that. And then, you are right, as we look at assets maturing and the chance to reinvest in that, we do have a reasonable book of that business in the fourth quarter, slightly larger than a normal average, but I would focus more on the 1 month and 3 month LIBOR spreads in that space.
Biff Bowman: So our one stated public external target, you are absolutely right is a 10% to 15% ROE. We have not updated that at this point. We have regular reviews to establish if that’s the right range and we look at that. I think we have that range to be something that goes through cycles. Obviously, tax reform was a secular change that we have to think about contemplate what its impact should be particularly if it looks like tax reform is actually going to flow through the financials and not be priced away and that’s why we have waited some period of time to assess just how the world would react to that. The other targets are items we talk about on the phone, they are not formal specifically given targets, but your thought process on all those is right, 250 for value for spend, trying to get to a positive organic tight view of fees to expenses and on organic growth rate over a longer period in the 4 to 5 range as we have talked about.
Biff Bowman: I am sorry that was, that was the third quarter. Year-to-date, if you want it year-to-date, I would say our trust fees were 8%, our total revenue was 10% and our expense is 5% on a year-to-date. So a lot of leverage year-to-date. The quarter was a little bit tighter, but we are managing it more than just one quarter. So, that’s the year-to-date performance.
Biff Bowman: I think what you are hearing is that in any given quarter and in particular in our C&IS business, which has very lumpy sized wins, you can see that move a little bit in any given quarter and you can see that net interest income with some nuances, some beta catch-ups and others have some slight pressures to it. I hope that we are judged on those metrics in longer periods than just 90 days, but that’s where we are at.
Biff Bowman: So, there certainly is a sequential impact from the Northern Trust Open. There is also an offset to that that partially offsets that is we have some equity incentives that run down, but we have I believe we called it out last quarter the impact of the Northern Trust Open sequentially in…
Biff Bowman: Weather was also a drag in the prior quarter of $14 million, so there is a $3 million decline from the FX swap activity here, so you guys do apples-to-apples, Marty, I think it would have been down 1ish.
Biff Bowman: Also seasonal. The third quarter is seasonally slow. There is a lot of holiday in July and August in Europe, particularly where we drive a lot of that.
Biff Bowman: Well, I think all of your – I was following all of your mental calculations there. I think they are all accurate, but that’s what happens in a quarter, right, those are the kinds of moves that could happen, the sequential impacts that you talked about and others. I think you have accurately portrayed how they moved in the quarter and we continue to make decisions that are longer focused to that and we think are the right decisions and these things sort themselves out in more than 90 days sometimes. So we will continue to make those calls. And we believe that at a 15.1% ROE with all those things going your way, that’s still a pretty attractive return in terms of an ROE and I would say it’s also a pretty strong return when you consider that we are sitting on a 12.9% common equity Tier 1 ratio, so it’s a well-capitalized franchise that can still generate pretty strong returns.
Biff Bowman: It was. If we add all of the components together it was a little over $8.8 million in the quarter, so it was a large number, but again a year ago that was closer to 3.5 to 4. And that Visa mark is driven by a series of factors we look at the equity price of Visa, we look at our expected duration of the litigation, we look at the conversion ratio of our B shares to A shares. And that’s driven many cases by any contributions made to settlement funds. So, all of those kind of in any given quarter be valued and come out, the Visa stock price has moved. Our thinking around the duration of the litigation can change in any given period and all of those ended up being a quite significant move this quarter. You can calculate it. It’s in our queue. It’s in our Visa Class B shareholdings are somewhere in the $900 million to $1 billion range right now depending on the Visa stock price as we sit here today, I don’t know where it is, but somewhere in that range. So, it’s a substantial off balance sheet, it’s not off balance sheet, it’s on the balance sheet at zero. So, it’s on, but it is zero valuation.
Biff Bowman: Yes. So, the drivers of that in this quarter were really a decline in the risk weighted assets, because as we said earlier, our total payout ratio in the quarter was a little bit north of 100, so we didn’t really add anything to the equity portion, but we did have lower risk weighted assets in the quarter. The drivers of that lower risk weighted assets were lower foreign exchange exposures, lower securities lending exposures, lower what I will call other and we can have things like client settlement securities, client overdrafts and others. All of those quite frankly kind of win in our favor at period end and they helped drive the risk weighted asset out down, which drove CET1 up about 50 basis points. So that was the driver in the quarter. Those can have some end-of-period volatility to them. The second part of your question was, was really more around the how do we think about that. Look, we increased our dividend 31% starting in the third quarter and we bought or we were approved, we were not objected to by the Federal Reserve to buy up to $1 billion worth of stock in the quarter, we executed on that in this quarter as you can see from the buyback and we continue to look at that. We will look at that on our evaluation with our board and others in coming quarters and in the spirit of the next year’s CCAR and capital ask with the board to see what the right return levels of capital are, but it’s a strong position and we take all the factors you mentioned into consideration as we look at that capital return.
Biff Bowman: Yes. We do think about that and we think about that how that dividend payout ratio would be able to sustain itself and stress, we take great consideration of and we want great deal of certainty around the ability to pay that dividend. And so when we do our stress testing, we want to make sure that we have a dividend payout ratio that can sustain itself in stress when the earnings and other things are in stress. We have I think publicly said that we think being in that 30% to 40% range from a dividend payout ratio is an area where we feel comfortable with that over time and we will continue to evaluate that, but I think that’s the reasonable range with the rest of our total payout ratio obviously being in the form of stock buyback, but we think that gives us the right mix and the right comfort around the importance of that dividend to our board and others.
