Michael O'Grady: Thank you, Jennifer. Let me join in welcoming everyone to our third quarter 2022 earnings call. In the third quarter, we continue to execute well through a challenging operating environment. Compared to the prior year, revenue grew 7% as the elimination of fee waivers and the favorable impact from higher interest rates more than offset the significant headwind from weaker equity and fixed income markets, asset outflows and unfavorable currency movements. Expense growth of 9% reflected inflationary impacts across our cost base, particularly within our compensation and equipment and software lines. EPS was flat, and we generated a return on average common equity of 14.9%. New business activity in Wealth Management was encouraging, and we continue to engage actively with new and existing clients. In Asset Management, weak markets and institutional cash outflows reduced assets under management, yet we saw a continued growth in our alternatives, tax-advantaged equity and ETF complex. And within Asset Servicing, we continue to win new mandates and our backlog of new clients that haven't yet been onboarded has expanded meaningfully and is expected to transition over the coming quarters. In closing, we remain well positioned to navigate the current macroeconomic and market uncertainty from a position of strength. Our new business pipeline remains robust, and our capital position continues to be strong. In a slowing growth environment, we've also begun prudently tightening our expense controls and focusing on realizing productivity benefits from the investments we've made over the past several years. I'll now turn the call over to Jason.
Michael O'Grady: Sure. Well, let me start with a direct answer to the question. And yes, there are things we can do, and we've been focused on to address expense growth. And so let me - predominantly, even within this period, in mid-September, we announced internally some additional expense controls. We always have those in place, but we meaningfully ramped up expense controls, particularly around hiring. That's obviously the largest component of where we see expense increases. That's our largest line. And so that will have - that will lead us to have just a higher bar on where we have increases in expenses and particularly from a hiring perspective. That's not to say that we are going to stop investing in the - that we're not going to continue investing in the things around technology and other areas where we know we've had important investments to take place. But at the same time, we do see an opportunity for us to raise that bar to try and tamp down the growth that we've seen in expenses.
Michael O'Grady: Sure. Well, at a super high level, the company has a very natural hedge in the – in from a currency perspective. And so this quarter, it was very roughly, call it, 200, 300 basis points and impact on both the revenue side and the expense side. And so the dollar does play in, but it plays on both the revenue and the expense side. The other impact that's not as symmetrical is how the dollar plays, is how currency plays in more from an asset level perspective. That played into asset level movements over the - in both assets under custody, as well as assets under management and something people won't typically think about it, even played in on the deposit decline. And you think about the movement we've had, and we can talk about that in more detail, but even the deposits had a downward move in value of about $1.5 billion in aggregate across all currencies.
Michael O'Grady: Sure. So first of all, on the deposit levels and where they were relative to our expectation, they actually came in really close particularly given what I - what we mentioned earlier and that the currency effect of the non-USD and so where they landed at the quarter - where they averaged actually was pretty close. And I mentioned that because as we get to the next quarter, I think we - it's very difficult to predict in general. And so - but let me hit mix first. So you're right, noninterest-bearing dropped significantly during the quarter. And that's something we expect to happen. A lot of our financial services clients that use our balance sheet are often in noninterest-bearing accounts, but the rate - as rates rise off of zero, they have the opportunity to move into interest-bearing accounts, and they did that. A lot of the - a very high percentage of the accounts that are eligible to do that, have done so at this point, which gets exactly to your point, Alex, that we're kind of it in some ways at those pre-COVID levels. That's not to say we won't see additional movement there. But we think, certainly, a lot of it has already taken place. And then the third part of your question is where do we see things today? Just looking at the first two weeks of the quarter, deposits behaved about what we would anticipate. They tend to come down a little bit at this point in the quarter. And so we're in that kind of 110 to 115. What we expect to happen between now and the end of the quarter is an interesting dynamic. There's two forces working against each other. One is with quantitative tightening and the yield curve being higher and clients across the board continuing to look at how they can allocate non-operational, but more investment cash that continues to put a downward pressure. But in the short run, there's an offset to that. There's an upward pressure in the seasonality that we've seen in fourth quarter, which tends to have more of an upward pressure. And so it's difficult to see which one of those is going to have stronger influences. But best guess is you might call it flat from here. And so that 110, 115 level, but appreciating that there's big forces moving against each other.
Michael O'Grady: Yeah. So we talk about it a lot. And I think an important dynamic for everyone to know, and I know you appreciate this 100% is that the economics of taking the loss, reinvesting that lower amount at the higher yield, the efficiency of markets are just telling you that over time, the impact of that should be relatively equal. Now their - the second component, though, is that there may be other reasons to do that. You might be looking to - you might have a view that the yield curve is going to change significantly. You might want to handle other ratios by doing that. And so it's not to say that we wouldn't do it, but it's just to say that the quick trade of take the - realize the loss, invest at a higher rate. it's not as easy and it's not as beneficial. We care about just the long-term value of what the securities portfolio is yielding, not just the NII or NIM in the short run.
Michael O'Grady: Yeah. Let me answer - I'm getting a lot of static in the background, and I want to make sure that – I want to make sure we answer your question, right. You want to - any way you can try and clarify your line...
Michael O'Grady: This is Mike. I would say we've already experienced some of that. So it's Jason has mentioned, some of these transitions just are taking longer for a number of reasons. I think part of it, too, is that if you look at the pipeline right now on the asset servicing side, it's a high proportion of asset managers and those mandates just tend to take longer to transition in than for asset owners. And so we've been - already have been at work in doing that and incurring some of the expenses that go with it. And then as you point out, as those start to transition in, it kind of normalizes into the rate.
Michael O'Grady: Yes, Glenn, I think that's true in general. Just to expand on that, I would say that for us at least, we've gone through a time period here with inflation but also tremendous competition for the best talent. And as you know, that's where we look or one of the ways we look to differentiate ourselves. So it's very important to us to make sure that we were retaining the best talent and also attracting new talent as well. And so yes, we've had that increase in comp that is then a part of the run rate going forward. The question is what happens to the rate of growth going forward. We're looking at that very carefully, I would say, but we need to be competitive on that front. And then the other part, as Jason mentioned, we've added a number of additional partners, employees for us. And that's something which was very appropriate as we invest in taking care of our clients, invest in technology, invest in resiliency. So it all makes sense, we just going forward have to be really, really focused on making sure that we're only adding for very critical roles so that, that growth rate of head count is appropriate.
Michael O'Grady: So a couple of thoughts there. One, even within the contracts that are asset based, a lot of the components of them are flat. And so as you see increases and decreases the fee rates don't move 100% in the same magnitude. And secondly, outside of that, there are certain volume - there's certain transactions that are charged for on a per unit basis. And so that in and of itself adds a layer that doesn't - that's uncorrelated in many ways to the level of assets. And so - and even this quarter, one of the things we experienced as we think about organic growth and particularly in the asset servicing business, that was another dynamic transaction volumes were down. And that may have had some correlation with markets being down, but we actually think it was more correlated to just the volatility where a lot of the managers that the asset manager clients we have we're doing less because of the - particularly the currency volatility. And so different dynamics at work, but without a doubt, the trust fees won't move 100% in line with market with markets.
Michael O'Grady: Sure. So from a - from a wealth perspective, the clients may take a different approach and saying, that they're thinking about investing and they might - it's more of an asset class change for them an asset allocation change by class. And the institutional market, those clients will often think differently, and they might be moving between providers. They might be moving and they've got more options to think about what their existing option sets are. I will say, in general, our - if you think about deposits and the money market funds combined, the wealth just the movements tend to not be as extreme. And so deposits might be a better place to look at that. They've actually just been flatter. And so the wealth clients just tend to be ironically, I mean we all think about that component of the market maybe being more moving around more, but I think it's the nature of our specific clients that they tend to be to move less and just be more patient through cycles.
Michael O'Grady: So Vivek, you're right as to our objective on capital there. And I would say that hasn't changed. What has changed, as you know, with rates, the impact of AOCI on that. And so over time, that will accrete back into capital, and that's our plan, if you will, is to allow the capital ratio to continue to be in the range that we've had for some time period. Right now, it's just in the lower part of that range as a result of AOCI.
Michael O'Grady: Yes. So I would say there are no specific plans around that, Vivek, but we do look at risk-weighted assets very closely because it is - that's a proxy then for the amount of capital that's being deployed in that activity and are we getting the right return. Jason talked about the size of the balance sheet earlier and the fact that we do get positive returns across all of those activities, but some of them more than others. And so we've never looked to just expand the balance sheet if it was going to be in low-returning activities. So that will be the same and in this environment, every dollar of RBA [ph] is precious.
Michael O'Grady: Yes.. So in the current quarter, it's a little bit over 70% is U.S. So it's 71%. And then as you go down for total deposits, a little bit more than 10% is pounds, a little bit more than 5% as euro. And then you get to Aussie dollar, which is also right around 5% and then the rest is kind of spread out among the remaining 5% or so, 5% to 10%. But still not a significant change from what we've seen before, even though the volumes have come down.
Michael O'Grady: I'll hit on timing. And from that perspective, it's - we started and announced internally these higher levels of controls in early mid-September. And so we're already seeing some beneficial impact from that. And certainly, change in heightening of the bar on what we're bringing in. And again, I got to emphasize, there are still things that we think about from an investment perspective, from a -- to the extent we have growth, we're going to follow that growth with appropriate level of investment. And - but this is also about productivity and making sure that we address inflation very aggressively. Those are the two components that we're looking at. And we've taken more of a five -quarter approach to this year's planning process for 2023. And to ensure we work hard on fourth quarter so that we maximize our ability to do well and be where we want to be in coming into next year. And from a magnitude perspective, too early to - we're not going to give numbers on that at this point. It's just - it is noteworthy enough that we wanted to make sure to communicate that this is something that it's been a pivot and a significant increase in the controls around higher levels - around spend increases.
Michael O'Grady: It's both. It's - we're - if we go back and it's a good thing for you to encourage us to frame it. And so let's just come back to the way we usually - we always talk about our expenses, which is around productivity inflation growth and investing. And if we use that framework, typically, we want - we'd like to see productivity offset inflation. That's a lot easier to do when inflation is at 2%. Inflation at 8%, 9%, 10%, it's very difficult, but that should tell you we are going to be looking extremely hard at productivity at where we can look at our existing base of business and find opportunities to be more efficient. And then in the concept of investing those - that's where you just have to have a high bar. And we have to say our growth rate historically has been high, but we've accomplished a lot of the things we wanted to do. In wealth management, we went through digital metamorphosis. - in our infrastructure. We went through -- we've gone -- we've gotten a lot of work done on migrating to the cloud. And in our risk in cyber and regulatory bucket, we've done a lot of investing to ensure that the brand that we have is protected well. And those are the 3 components around technology spending importantly that we're talking about things internally. So that infrastructure foundational piece is one -- the second is that middle layer of risk regulatory cyber. And the third is around what's client driven. And there are opportunities in each of those, but the risk regulatory cyber is one where you'd say, we're going to ensure that we're doing everything we need to do there to make sure we are where we should be as a franchise. The other two buckets, we've got to think about pacing. We've got to think about who we're using to help us on those things. There are levers we can pull. And then that last overall bucket of what do we do from a growth perspective to the extent that there is good business out there for us to bring on, we're going to do it. And that we care as much about the organic growth of the company as about wanting to make sure that the expense growth rate is where it should be.
Michael O'Grady: Correct. So we are not an LDI product provider, if you will, on the asset management side. And you're right, we're the asset servicer for either the U.K. pension or for the LDI manager that's our client. And so yes, we're acting as agent for them. Now with sales of gilts with moving collateral around -- there's a tremendous amount of movement of cash and bonds as a part of that. And so we will act as a go-between because of that. And so that can create temporary exposures, if you will, which is what would be the case. That's normal as part of the offering that we have for them. And I would just add that with all of the increases in volumes and volatility that I talked about, which have been multiples of what is normally the case. We've put additional resources to doing everything we can to make sure that we can handle those. So that's really been our position on it. And again, I can't predict where it's going to go, but we're trying to be prepared for this to continue for some time.
Jason Tyler: Yeah. So a couple of things in there. Let me try and hit them, but certainly ask me to clarify then I don't get all of them. One, on rates, is it done? The answer is no. we still have upward movement. And in fact, we look just within the quarter at the month and September was at just a tiny bit above 160. And so we got into that level. And - so - and even at this point, betas will be much higher, but won't be 100%. And so we'll get an incremental lift. And then the third dynamic of that is that as the securities portfolio is repricing, just Alex's question earlier, it takes time, but we have opportunity to reinvest at these higher rates. So not done yet. Second, on the pipeline of business that has taken longer to come that - some of the opportunities we have in Asset Servicing in particular, in the one not onboarded category are very big and they're chunky. And those just take longer. And the volatility in the markets, we think is just made clients just want to make sure that everything is lined up properly. And so that one not onboarded category is significantly higher than it is on average, but it's - we're confident about it coming through. And then the stock market dynamic, you're right, this - usually, we talk about operating leverage, and it's - the numbers are just much smaller. It's - can we get the expense growth plus a little bit of market lift to match and - but in this environment, the macro environment is just dominating what's happening to both expense growth and revenue growth. And so I've been saying all year, we cannot - they are false positives in the operating leverage. There are false negatives in the fee operating leverage. And this is a year where we have to just understand that those numbers are dominated by the macro factor, it's not typical. It doesn't change our long-term financial model.
Jason Tyler: Yeah, I can give a sense of timing, which is it's actually - it's more back half of '23 that we're scheduling some of this stuff coming in play. And that seems a long way away, but it's just - that's us making sure and working very closely with clients to make sure everything is lined up properly. And from a sizing perspective, we don't tend to give a number on that, but what I can tell you is that it's meaningfully higher than - that aggregate is meaningfully higher than what it has been historically. And pipeline- and then the outside of the one not funded, the asset servicing business will tell you that the pipeline activity is also very high.
Jason Tyler: Yeah. Actually, I'm really glad you asked that because the Wealth business is - the journey is very different. The Wealth business, the organic - the growth there was higher first half of the year. And they - the business is still doing well, but they don't feel - but the one not funded is not as strong relative to history as the asset servicing business. Now both of those client channels will tell you, importantly, their win rates in the market are very attractive, and they are very consistent with what they have been historically. And so it's just about for Wealth, their view is equity markets are lower, less capital markets activity, and it's put just less money in motion. And so year-to-date, organic growth in wealth has been in line with historical levels. First half strong, frankly, higher than normal. Second half looks lighter, but money in motion is down, fewer IPOs, fewer liquidity events, but importantly, their sense is their win rate in the market is consistent with what it has been historically.
Jason Tyler: No, I mean, the way you're framing the algorithm is right. It's just we - rates are - it's going to start to flatten out. And our betas this coming quarter, we're anticipating that they're - we're anticipating betas of 80% in this coming quarter. And so the benefits are just flattening out, but as rates go higher, we're still getting a benefit and the repricing of the securities portfolio is a positive lag effect to that effectively. Now all that said, the volume levels matter a lot as well. And just as rates were increasing, we talked about the importance of loans. That's where the real yield is, but we can't ignore the fact that when volumes are coming down, it puts pressure on the securities portfolio and on money market assets, which has an impact less on NIM, but more on NII.
Jason Tyler: Yeah, you're right in that that's what we think - that's the last fulfilment mechanism on the balance sheet, and we don't use that - there's no strategic initiative there to use it, but it does in the short run act as the fulfilment mechanism, depending on what's happening. And the good news is there's a positive carry - there's a positive carry on that, and rates are decent. So it helps NII, but we don't use it as a way to push and lever the balance sheet more than we need to. We use it as effectively just a fulfilment mechanism.
Jason Tyler: Yeah, it is. It is, for sure. And there's actually another layer within there, which we've talked about a little bit. So it's good for us to find continue asking more detail on it. But even within the nonoperational, there's financial and nonfinancial. And not the financial nonoperational or the areas where there's the highest rate sensitivity and frankly, it's also the area we have to have the highest amount of runoff anticipation. And therefore, it's the area where we do the shortest and least yielding investing on the other side of it. And so that - and you're right, that component is - it continues to be the higher runoff in terms of volume level so far. So if I look at the numbers, it is across all the categories we look at. It's the single - it's the single highest decline on a percentage basis even this quarter. And that said, there's declines in other areas as well. And so even within the operational base was down, I'll call it, 5% to 10%. And - but that's more that client base looking at different investment options and saying, I might have - with the yield curve at and flat at zero might not have been looking to ladder in treasury securities or look at an active fixed income portfolio, but now they're very much looking to do that as they talk to their advisers. And so very different dynamics at play.
Jason Tyler: I want to make sure I understand. So yes, that's the - as we think about incremental rate changes that's the beta that we're experiencing on those incremental changes.
Jason Tyler: Sure. I'll hit the first one just on expenses. And then Lauren is here and can also talk on the pension settlement accounting issues. So on expenses, we've mentioned that in - the depreciation is higher. And so in equipment and software, in particular, we're anticipating another lift in fourth quarter similar to what we had in the third quarter. And despite the expense actions we're taking to - part of that is just baked into our base right now, particularly from a depreciation and amortization perspective. That said, we'll be looking hard at expenses even within that line item. But we've also talked about the importance of us investing in technology, but we'll see that similar lift going into fourth quarter. And then from - and then consulting is without a doubt, one of the key areas where we're looking very hard to make sure that anything that comes on at this point is critical and that we're handling that with a very high bar of what we're doing, but it's very correlated M&A instances as well to what we're doing from an equipment and software perspective. With that, Lauren, do you want to talk on pension for a second...
Jason Tyler: Sure. So AUCA is down, call it, 6.5%. Markets were over half of that. Currency to your point and observation was about a third. And we've got a significant international exposure higher than what most people realize in AUC and in fact, only 70% is USD. And then client outflows were the remainder. And so not heavily significant portion of either AUC or of the decline itself. And importantly, the decline in AUC that was related to outflows, it was related to our - largely our asset manager clients underlying business having outflows. And our asset owners rebalancing, but there is no material change in our client base or in our wallet share. And the business just emphasizes that win rate continues to be high and consistent, but this was a dynamic of our underlying clients having outflows. And over time, that works in our favor. Our clients do well. It's - and we grow with them. This period was one where particularly the asset managers had outflows, which impacted AUC.
Jason Tyler: Yeah. Maybe something just to give you a quick sound bite that we could come back on. It's different across asset servicing. And let me offer a couple of things that might be helpful to you. In asset servicing, 40% of the fees are not asset value sensitive. They're driven by transaction volumes and account-level fees or flat fees of the asset-sensitive fees, that's 60%, about 75% operate on a month lag and about 25% on a quarter lag. And if I transition to wealth management, I'll split it between the family office and the regions because they're different. In the family office, probably it’s about a third of the fees are sensitive to equity markets in some ways and about 10% are sensitive to the fixed income markets. So close to half overall. And then in the regions, about half, a little bit more are sensitive to equity markets, but a quarter are sensitive to fixed income. And so that should give you a good tool set to work from.
Jason Tyler: There's a lot of different factors going within that line item. And so it's just a difficult one to predict. We tend - we try to call out the big moves, but difficult to say that there's any trend within that. There's nothing we'd call out at this point.
Jason Tyler: Across AUM in general, the declined about 7%, the majority of that is within Asset Servicing. And then from an asset class to your perspective, it's a combination of mostly cash but also equity and then also set lending cash collateral pools. But at the same time, markets drove about 40% of the decline and currency was the remaining approximately 10%.
Jason Tyler: So in terms of where it is relative to prior cycles, it has not been linear in this cycle. Each rate hike seems to have its own dynamic to it. And another dynamic is that historically, we've seen the most of the dynamic come from the Fed. -- but this cycle and the mix of our deposits, there's more impact from non-USD currencies, and so you've got to play that in as well. It's really important. And then to the second, and those betas also behave very differently. And then also our wealth, even within USD, the wealth deposits behave differently. They don't flatten out as much. even at higher levels from here, which gets to the second part of your question, does it level off completely at some point? It does not up another 100 basis points for sure. ] But each currency behaves differently. And depending on where we are, behaves differently, too, betas were very high in non-USD negative rates. -- you can imagine clients were highly demanding of getting 100% of the benefit as they were in negative territory as they got to 0 and a little bit above, the conversations change. And then also the dynamics of what -- what do alternatives look like. And so the shape of the yield curve matters. And -- so all those things come into play, but the direct answer is we don't anticipate a flattening even at a -- even with another 100 basis point lift, but we'll continue to see higher betas as we get there.
Mike Brown: Yes. So Mike, you've given the background there largely just that there has been a significant amount of both volumes and volatility in the gilt market, and we have a meaningful client base of U.K. pensions that are affected by that. And a number of those pension clients also utilize liability-driven investment strategies and managers that provide those strategies. And likewise, we have some very meaningful clients on that front. So we've been in the middle of that volume and volatility and have been doing everything that's required to be able to handle that. Needless to say, it has presented challenges for all of the players in that marketplace as it continued to work its way through. And I would say still uncertain in our expectation is that although some of the volumes may have come down here more recently, we are prepared that they could pick back up again and that the volatility has not gone away. And so from that perspective, we've been very focused on taking care of the clients, making sure that everything is getting done. And I would say as far as any particular financial exposure or anything like that. There's no change to the business model for us or necessarily exposures or things like that.
Mike Brown: Okay. Very good. And just - on share buybacks, I don't think we really heard much about that on this call and certainly were very low this quarter. And if I heard Jason's comment correctly before, it sounds like a lot of focus will probably be on rebuilding the CET1 ratio. So is it fair to assume that the buybacks will probably be relatively muted here and maybe just dependent on how the AOCI accretes back into capital? Or just any thoughts on the framework for thinking about buybacks would be helpful.
Mike Brown: Yes. I think you got it largely right that with AOCI, it billion to $2 billion on a cumulative basis, that's a high amount. We care about our CET1 levels. And we've got -- obviously, we've got strong -- very strong capital positions, but we think about it so much on a relative basis as well and an aggregate basis. And so we feel good about the capital levels, but also our have a, I'd say, a bias toward making sure we're -- we stay relatively where we want.
