Mark Bette: Thank you, Alicia. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Northern Trust Corporation’s fourth quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Joining me on our call this morning are Biff Bowman, our Chief Financial Officer; Jane Karpinski, our Controller; and Kelly Moen from our Investor Relations team. For those of you who did not receive our fourth quarter earnings press release and financial trends report via email this morning, they are both available on our website at northerntrust.com. Also, on our Web site, you will find our quarterly earnings review presentation, which we will use to guide today’s conference call. This January 18th call is being webcast live on northerntrust.com. The only authorized rebroadcast of this call is the replay that will be available on our Web site through February 15th. Northern Trust disclaims any continuing accuracy of the information provided in this call after today. Now, from our Safe Harbor statement, what we say during today’s conference call may include forward-looking statements, which are Northern Trust’s current estimates and expectations of future events or future results. Actual results, of course, could differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements because the realization of those results is subject to many risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. I urge you to read our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K and other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for detailed information about factors that could affect actual results. During today’s question-and-answer session, please limit your initial query to one question and one related follow-up. This will allow us to move through the queue and enable as many people as possible the opportunity to ask questions as time permits. Thank you again for joining us today. Let me turn the call over to Biff Bowman.
Mark Bette: Glenn, the other thing I would add to is with AUC and AUM, obviously, those were point in time. So they don’t always think up with how fees might build or accrue for over the course of the quarter. But we have the C&IS side when we look at the fund or the custody in the fund number type revenues versus the AUC over a longer period. We’ve seen what we think the fee rates there to hold up pretty well.
Mark Bette: Yes, and you'll see that when we do our 10-K disclosures as well. And then there is one other part, Ken, I think.
Mark Bette: Yes, on premium am, if you believe that that will slow down the refinancing, that should be beneficial to the premium am in our portfolio, if we think that will slow down, again, the refinanciangs that you see, which intuitively makes sense, unless there's some type of rush before a rising rate environment that impacts that. But we had seen historically the fourth and first quarter are the more favorable, and then the second and the third are where we see more unfavorable impacts from that, just from a seasonal perspective. But the rest, I guess, would be based on what we're seeing in the markets from housing and refinance.
Biff Bowman: So, we’ll be composed that a bit. The first thing that I would say, overtime, the correlation between AUC and fees holds up, but in any given quarter, we could have large inflows or outflows that could skew that. So, that’s one factor to start there, but more specific. As we’ve grown our global fund services business over the past three to five years, the traditional lag that you’ve seen in fees has actually start to migrate away from quarterly lags and more to a balanced or 50-50 type one-month versus three-month type lag overall on our fees. So, you need to consider perhaps a different lag impact in the market when we do that. Also in this quarter, currency impacts were quite meaningful in the fourth quarter. So, that correlation between the assets under custodies and the fees were impacted meaningfully by the currency, particularly the Sterling weakening sequentially. So, combined all of those, explain what I think you’re referring to as maybe disconnect between the AUC growth and the actual fee line. I would end with, in the wealth space too, there is still continued compression. So, the compression that you see, particularly in the wealth from migrations, from active to passive has helped mute some of the correlation between the AUC and the fees.
Biff Bowman: So, if I could, perhaps there is three items that I think are worthy of special mention in the quarter. The first is the $4 million pension settlement accounting issue that you see in benefits. It’s a quite technical accounting issue, but it is, in essence, if there are departures and/or outflows from our pension plans, and these were in the UK or Europe. It can trigger what is known as settlement accounting, which requires the booking if you will, the unrealized gains or losses in the portfolios. It’s a relatively technical accounting issue that we saw happen in this quarter for the first time since I’ve been CFO. The second item that I think is worthy to call out is we did take an action on the occupancy line, a $2 million settlement to allow us for an early exit from space. So, we think it has a longer term benefit, but came with $2 million line item in occupancy. And there is a last item that I will call out is we had a significant sequential increase in business promotion that you would see approximately $5 million above what, if you look at historical run rates for us. And that was really an opportunistic business decision we took to add additional advertising and marketing in support of two of our very important growth initiatives, which is around our mega market strategy and in particular our flex share ETFs. And the pricing in the market, the timing, was attractive and a decision was done to take that in the fourth quarter. So, that was $5 million increase that was within our control, the one that we felt would generate the right return for all involved. I would suggest those were items that are worthy of special mention for you to think about your models going forward.
Biff Bowman: No, the impact was almost all currency sequentially. In fact, I think, it was about 2 points sequentially for C&IS and that would have been a more normalized sequential growth rate historically. So, it was almost all explainable by currency sequentially for C&IS.
Biff Bowman: So I think there's been amongst our client base a bit of sense of optimism, if I could say that. Post election we have seen some positive flows into the equities in the fourth quarter. And we had slightly negative fixed income flows. So I would generally say that we have seen a positive demeanor towards risk, assets in the portfolio. And we think about the term money and motion. So, our wealth clients think about either investment or in their own businesses or opportunities to do more M&A. We have just generally seen a tonal improvement, but not actual events happening at this point. But from an asset flow, we did see some move to equity some out of fixed income in the quarter, but a general tonally view from our wealth clients. Particularly given they also may be more optimistic about taxes which frees-up a disposable income as well.
Biff Bowman: I'll take a walk-through the balance sheet a little bit and the impacts from the rising rates, I think the best way to tackle. So if you look at our balance sheet, and I'm going to start with the securities portfolio and I know you talked long term leases, we'll get to that. If we look at the securities portfolio, roughly half of our securities portfolio, roughly half of the $45 billion, is what being the short-term portion of the portfolio. Those assets reprice relatively quickly and certainly under a year. And they are heavily impacted by one month and three months LIBOR movements, and more by one month than three month. So the way we think about that is, over the fourth quarter, one month LIBOR averaged, I believe, 60 basis points. If you use a point in time today, I won't project the average for the first quarter. I'll let you do that in your models. But that's closer to 78 basis points today. We anticipate seeing the benefit of that flow-through in the securities portfolio, inside that year timeframe, we saw it relatively quickly. So, that's a positive, if you will, for the short-term portion of our securities portfolio. On the loan portfolio, we have a very short duration, if you will, as well on the loan portfolio with a meaningful portion. Mark, will get you the exact number here if we get through it. But a meaningful portion floating, I think, around 75% floating…
Biff Bowman: Yes. So the benefits there are from three month LIBOR should flow through relatively quickly on that portion of the portfolio as well.
Biff Bowman: We'll get back to you on that. I don't believe so, but I want to confirm that when we follow back-up.
Biff Bowman: Here’s the way we think about that. And to improve the expense to fee ratio, we obviously have to drive fee operating leverage. So our fees have to grow faster than our expenses. In periods of time where net interest income or foreign exchange is constrained, we view that we need to widen out that fee operating leverage to produce the types of returns our shareholders expect. If net interest income and other items strengthen, then that, we still want to improve and maintain that fee operating leverage and improve it, as I said. But the width of that or the amount of that operating leverage is something that we look at controlling, if I could. So, we still are absolutely committed to growing our fees faster than our expenses, and we did not achieve that for the full year last year. And I can assure you that that is something that is a focal point of the management team. If we do have the benefit of rising rates, we believe that they should widen out the total operating leverage for the firm, but we still want to see that expense to fees improved, even in improving rate environment, that's a key metric for us internally.
Biff Bowman: So, you’re right, we had the benefit of fee waivers. Markets actually while up in absolute total the way they manifested themselves with the very rocky start, ended up not really being added and there were slight contractor year-over-year. And currency was also a meaningful contractor. So, they partially offset the waivers. So you’re right in that comment. More importantly in the question is what are the initiatives, and we’ve talked about many here. But let me try to give you something a little more tangible that we anticipate helping them. We are in production now with three areas where we are relying or using robotics to improve our efficiency right now. In 2016, those were probably in proof-of-concept, and were probably accruing expenses to get ready in 2017 actually in the fourth quarter of 2016 late, we put those in, and we actually now have robotics working on three key functions. There is a pipeline of other areas inside of our enterprise enablement operation where we are looking at things like further robotics, artificial intelligence, and that pipeline will manifest during the course of the year. But I hope it’s a tangible example to show that maybe the expense accruing for those in 2016, we will start to get the operational benefits of those in 2017 as they go up in running in live. And we continue to look at things, like our procurement function. One of the larger drivers of our outside service ramp this year was in market data. We continue to look at ways to reduce our market data cost from a procurement perspective as well. And what I will say sort of a usage perspective, are we using it appropriately.
Biff Bowman: Let me break the components down a little bit. The active to passive shift that we talk about, we’ve absolutely seen that move up, but we don’t give that number out. So we’ve seen that move up from a modest percentage into something much more meaningful as we’ve seen that shift each year. And so that is one of the drivers. But we break it down a little bit into, what I would say, are the asset management fees and the advisory fees that we charge our wealth clients. The advisory fees has held relatively stable. We’ve seen less of a compression in what we can charge on the advisory line. It’s in the compression around the active to passive movement or other asset management products that has driven some of that flattening that you suggest you see in Wealth Management and we see as well in Wealth Management. So an example would be we’ve seen flows out of our actively and actively priced multi-manager mutual fund family into more passive solutions. That is absolutely a fee compression issue along that change. Advisory fees, however, to our clients, while under constant competitive environment really been able to remain fairly flattish. So, you got to break it into two, it’s really more of the asset management piece that’s driving that compression as opposed to the fees in total.
Biff Bowman: So, we can’t give the exact guidance. I’m trying to repeat a little bit of what we said. If you look at our balance sheet and look at the pacing with which we would see the benefit of one month and three month LIBOR, largely impacting the short-end of the securities portfolio. And you can do your own calculations on that, and get to what the improvement in that is. The other exercise I would suggest that you look at is if you look at our improvement in net interest income year-over-year and take the balance sheet and make it comparable in size or look at any mix shifts, that’s all information that you would have. You can see what that drove in terms of the year-over-year improvement from the first 25 basis point hike. What I would suggest is that they just could be different with a second rate hike, and maybe that’s another factor in there. Also, the other thing would be to look at what the premium amortization is year-over-year and the impact of that that potentially could have on that year-over-year. It depends on the data, but the 25 basis points that we just saw will definitely be beneficial to our net interest income. And we don’t provide that guidance any further than that, we’ll let you do that in your own model.
Biff Bowman: Well, first I would suggest that the disclosures that we put around our sensitivity of earnings are solely disclosure is done from a risk lens. It has above a projected curve, the returns above a projected curve. And the beta assumptions in there are derived from a risk lens from a conservative lens. So your assessment that it may or may not reflect exactly what would happen, it needs to be taken from an perspective of the risk disclosure. And I really can’t say much more than that, that’s where we’re at.
Biff Bowman: Yes, we can. On revenues, for the full year, I believe it was 1% of an impact from foreign exchange drag on revenue, and similar on expenses.
Biff Bowman: Yes. So that was more on a full year basis. For the fourth quarter, on a year-over-year basis, the total revenue impact was closer to 0.5% with Trust fees being almost 2 percentage points, and then expenses also being 2 percentage points. As we’ve talked about before, we do have a natural hedge with revenue and expense coming through in the current season and we had a hedge, the difference in accordance with GAAP. So, we do see a net new pretax impact, generally. But it does impact, as you suspect, mostly the Trust fee and the expense growth. And then on a sequential basis, the Trust fee impact was almost 1 point of growth, which was also in line with what the expenses were as well.
Biff Bowman: So let me start with the regulatory portion of it. We are another year or in our fourth year of CCAR, and we continue to mature and have the right maturity base around something like that. And that was a -- has been a meaningful ramp in expense in '15 and '16. We are anticipating that that, the steepness of that curve flattens out, and maybe completely flattens out around the cost there. We haven't gotten feedback on our resolution plan at this point. So, I'm hesitant to give you any kind of feedback on whether our regulatory spend will go up or down from that. So that's an area in the regulatory spend where we certainly hope and particularly given maybe the regime with the new president elect. Perhaps, we could get some reprieve on the regulatory spend or certainly the trajectory slowing on that line item. And we continue to move on things like I said in procurement, particularly around market date and others, to help drive that expense growth rate that you’re talking about further and further down.
Biff Bowman: Yes, I will start with pension. The rates that we would have, the discount rate would be down from 4.71% to 4.46%. So net of that plus our expected return on our portfolio coming down. The net impact is very-very modest expense increase year-over-year, very modest, I think.
Biff Bowman: Yes. So, we actually have three areas of production, but one I discussed with our Chief Operating Officer today is, if you think about a function, such as reconciliations they have a very automated component-tree to it. We have looked at certain elements of our reconciliations, and this proof-of-concept testing, if you will, in 2016 and are now actually utilizing certain elements of reconciliations with robotics type solution. So that's one example. There were actually two others in production, and I'll leave those to let you know in future quarters. But that's one that we were comfortable discussing here. So, we were in somewhat at expense mode and now we hope to start to see some of the economic benefits of those as they come online, if you will, during '17 and '18.
Biff Bowman: So, in the early quarters, it would probably be incremental to what you said, and on the margin. But we believe that the portfolio of these opportunities is something that will be able to help us address the expense structures that you're talking about. Anyone individual may have some incremental approach, but we've got a portfolio that we're investing in over this year and next year. And we believe the combination is helpful to that expense, the fee [technical difficulty].
Biff Bowman: Sure. Yes, you're right. We did the early adoption ASU 2016-9, which is for share accounting. It was beneficial for the entire year, I think, to the tune of about $12 million of provision. And that was largely a factor as we saw larger equity transactions in the back half of the year. So, that helped improve that benefit. But another thing, perhaps more core to improving the tax rate too is, as we have greater earnings from abroad and we bring more legal entities into our APV23, which we look at from time-to-time and assert to, that too has the benefit of lowering the effective tax rate. So, we worked pretty hard this year to work on those things that could help improve the effective tax rate. So, I think if we look, we don't give guidance. But some of those items produce permanent tax benefits or tax benefits if we accrue earnings in those entities.
Biff Bowman: That’s a good question, I saw the same article. I think the first-generation of baby-boomers have reached that mandatory withdrawal age, right I think, this year. So, we think throughout that we bring a holistic capability. I mean, we really think about what I would say is a life-driven Wealth Management approach. And it recognizes that as you reach certain stages in your life, maybe this is the mandatory withdrawal stage. We got other products and capabilities and help them understand the tax consequences and the reinvestment of that, if you could, from a defined contribution or other plan into other assets that quite frankly marry with where they are in the stage of their lifecycle. So, the question would be, I think, does it impact our AUC and our C&IS business, or does it impact our Wealth Management business. It’s going to impact both, right. So, I can give you the wealth perspective. On the C&IS side, as those assets come out of defined contribution plans, we have a smaller book of business around defined contribution than we do define benefit in general. But we do have a meaningful defined contribution. The pension portion is not as driven by this as the mandatory withdrawals from defined contribution. So, I think, I want to make sure you were asking about it from a wealth perspective or from a AUC in our custody business perspective, to make sure I answered it the right way there.
Biff Bowman: So we certainly monitor that world. And as we think about inter-generational components to our existing wealth, many want to use something that looks that way. We would believe that our Goals Powered solution application is a form of a high technology, high touch component. It is a very sophisticated way using technology to address the holistic wealth needs of our clients. And so when we think of the assets we have that utilize Goals Powered solutions, it’s quite frankly bigger than the sum of almost all the large robo-advisors you would think of. It's much larger than those in total. We just haven’t necessarily marketed it externally as a robo-advisor or a fin-tech solution. It very much is a high tech rolled-out solution in our wealth space, and has been very widely praised by advisors and widely praised by our clients in terms of its applicability to both, what I’d say current generation and future generations that use it. So, it’s a powerful and important tool.
