Beverly J. Fleming: Thank you, Ryan, and welcome to Northern Trust Corporation's Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me on our call this morning are Michael O'grady, Northern Trust's Chief Financial Officer; Eileen Blake, our Controller; and Allison Quaintance, from our investor relations team. For those of you who do not receive our fourth quarter earnings press release or financial trends report via e-mail this morning, they are both available on our website at northerntrust.com. In addition and also on our website, you will find our quarterly earnings review presentation which we will use to guide today's conference call. This January 18th call is being webcast live on northerntrust.com. The only authorized rebroadcast of this call is the replay that will be available through February 17th. Northern Trust disclaims any continuing accuracy of the information provided in this call after today. Now, for our Safe Harbor statement. What we say during today's conference call may include forward-looking statements which are Northern Trust's current estimates and expectations of future events or future results. Actual results, of course, could differ materially from those indicated by these statements because the realization of those results is subject to many risks and uncertainties. I urge you to read our 2010 annual report and our periodic reports to the Securities and Exchange Commission for detailed information about factors that could affect actual results.  Thank you again for joining us today. Let me turn the call over to Mike O'grady.
Beverly J. Fleming: Sure, Mike. We were looking at revenue growth of 8% to 10%, earnings per share growth of 10% to 12%, positive operating leverage and an ROE of 16% to 18%. Those were the targets that we rolled out in 2006.
Beverly J. Fleming: Well, the $250 million is a split of both revenue and expense. So you would need to take that into consideration in your calculation.
Beverly J. Fleming: And, Ken, one other thing that I would say about another line item, the other operating expense line item. That one you can see in the press release was elevated due to some business promotion activities as well as account servicing charges. But I think more importantly, I'd remind you that in the first quarter, we typically see higher business promotion expense related to the Northern Trust open as well as to our -- that's the approach that we take to immediate expensing of some stock options.
Beverly J. Fleming: Glenn, that's not a disclosure that we've provided in the past, so we don't have anything to give you today on that.
Beverly J. Fleming: Well, one of the things that you'd want to be aware of is that we are being very successful with assets under administration. So you would see in the custody and fund administration fee line, fees that could be associated with assets that are not within assets under custody. So from that perspective, the math that I'm familiar with that you're doing has looked better actually in the last couple of quarters because of that phenomenon.
Beverly J. Fleming: Ryan, I believe that was the last call. So we thank you for participating, and we will speak with you in April.
Michael G. O'grady: Yes. I want to talk about that a little bit more. And I think it's important that, that part of the set of initiatives there is across the business, so both on the personal and the institutional side. And it is something that very much we spent the time sizing up but I think more importantly, have already begun to implement. On the personal side, really, what this is primarily is implementing a fee methodology and schedule, if you will, that's objective and simple and transparent to clients. And as a result of that, we think it better aligns the fees with the value proposition that we deliver, and as a result, the fees can and will change for a number of clients. Some will go higher, some will stay the same, some will go lower but overall the way we sized it out, we do see that overall, our fees will go up. That's something also that was implemented at the beginning of the year, so we expect to realize the benefits throughout 2012. On the C&IS front, that's a different business, if you will, with regards to how you think about the value proposition and the fees that we receive from our clients, and I think it's important on that front to separate between new business, business that we're winning now versus business that's been in place for a long time. On the new front, there I think that the business takes into account the current environment we're in and the services that we're providing. And so that business, the value proposition, if you will, is well aligned. It's on the existing business where on a client by client basis, we spent a lot of time looking at all the clients, both those that the activity with them and the services we provided continue. But more importantly, with those where it's changed over time. Where previously, when we entered into the relationship with them, the activities that they anticipated and we anticipated have now changed in some respect. So they previously would have potentially anticipated doing more securities lending, but now at this point, are not doing that. It's really a situation then when we address that with them in a way to realign that value proposition in a way that works for both parties. So that could involve just doing new services with them. We can manage some of their assets as a way to improve the overall relationship for both parties. So that process is something that's been designed, but then as far as the implementation, it's been happening for some time period and will continue going forward but in a very measured way.
Michael G. O'grady: Yes, sure. So the charges relate to any of the activities that we anticipate as part of these initiatives going forward in the next 12 to 18 months. And just from an accounting standpoint that we can recognize the costs that will be associated with those. The reason why we have down here future charges is that there will be additional activities as we go forward in this. As I mentioned, it's not just a 2012 project. That will also result in charges. So, for example, with an office to the extent that we close an office, we don't take the charge for that until we've actually vacated the presence -- premises. So it has to do with the accounting for that. We'd like to think that the charges that we've taken here in the fourth quarter represent the majority of what it's going to be. But at this point, we're not estimating or projecting what future charges will be.
Michael G. O'grady: Yes, Howard, I think your characterization is correct, which is this is not just a cost containment exercise. And in fact, that is the part where we pulled back to look at the business, how was the environment changed and what do we need to do in order to be competitive and to serve our clients, not just in the next year, but going forward. And so many of the incremental initiatives you see here fall into the category there, with regard to process optimization, and that's where we're looking at the major processes within the institution to determine if there are better ways to do that. So an example would be if you think about client administration, which would involve account openings and the account maintenance process there, that's a process that doesn't just happen within any particular part of the institution, but rather happened across the enterprise. And so what we're looking at is how can we make that process better for clients, and also more efficient for us? Right now, while the process certainly works well, we think it can be much better. Right now, it's largely a paper-based process. And it's something that involves a number of people involved in that. We think that to the extent that we can streamline the process, apply some technology to it as well, so automate parts of it, that we can make that, as I said, better for the client as they open an account, but then also reduce our cost.
Michael G. O'grady: No, on both fronts -- when we made our estimates here, Howard, we definitely have tried to take into account that there could be potential attrition from this. We don't expect that there will be much, and I say that in a sense that we're going about it in a very careful way, and we do think that it's being done in a way that aligns with the value that we deliver to the clients, but we have taken that into account. And on your second point, there will be some investments in technology as a part of this, as we look to improve the processes and automate certain activities that we have. But the capital investment here is really very modest, and it's also something that fits into the broader context of our capital spending.
Michael G. O'grady: Sure. As I mentioned and as you know, we submitted our capital plan. And so we'll just have to sit tight and wait until our regulator, primary regulator gets back to us with their view on our capital plan. But what I can say Howard is that I -- if you look at the history of Northern Trust, we've always taken a balanced approach to both dividends and share repurchase. And we'll continue to attempt to take that approach going forward. We really think about a capital primarily from the standpoint of having the appropriate level of capital in the institution as opposed to a particular payout ratio. Now that is another lens which can be applied to it. But at this point, I think that you can expect that we'll be consistent with what we've done in the past, and we'll just need to wait and see how the regulators though that the plan that we've put forward.
Michael G. O'grady: Sure. John, I was primarily referring to on the institutional side, where we are dealing with very large global institutions, and they are active in a number of areas. In a number of areas frankly that they're products or services that we can provide, which we may or may not be providing them at this point in time. It would be a rarity that we're ever providing a single or even just a couple of services to a client. It's usually a much broader relationship. But it's also a situation where we likely don't have all of the business that we can have as they work with multiple institutions. So increasing the wallet share really is working with clients to see if we can't provide more services. It does mean picking up market share from others to do that. But it also, it doesn't mean that this point that we need to go out and get a new capability. We have the capabilities and the products to serve. It's just a matter of getting greater market share with them.
Michael G. O'grady: Sure. John, I'm going to break that up into 2 separate questions. First is with regard to the level of money market fee waivers. Right now, rates are very low. Is it possible they could be lower? I guess that's possible. So that could have an impact. The other thing is that they are affected by the size of that business for us. So if our assets under management grow, then that can also increase the amount of fee waivers. Having said that, to the extent that our fee waivers grow our overall fees for those funds are growing. So it doesn't necessarily mean that we won't have greater revenue. It just means that the fee waivers themselves could be greater. But at this point, given the amount that we're waiving, yes, we'd like to think that we're well past the majority of the amount that we would waive. Now the second question with regard to just money market funds in general, you mentioned the SEC, there are obviously other regulators that are broadly involved in this. And it is something that because of the importance of that business to us, we're actively a part of the dialogue. So we're in dialogue with our clients as to how they think about the fund because remember, many of these clients can potentially either be in our money market funds or could be depositors of the bank. So we're in dialogue with our clients. We're certainly active in discussion with the regulators as to how they're thinking about money market mutual funds. And then also, we're a part of the various industry groups as well, whether a number of proposals out there with regard to whether it's variable right now or other ideas. And I would say at this point, there is not a clear direction in our view that this is headed. But it's something that will continue to be on the front edge of.
Michael G. O'grady: Yes, Mike. That's right in the sense of that is the target that we're going to put out there publicly. Having said that, as you can imagine, we run the business looking at a number of metrics. And as I mentioned in my comments there, that's not to say, for example, that revenue growth is not extremely important to us. It's just the fact that if you think about what impacts revenue growth there, the headwinds that we've encountered here with interest rates and markets and foreign exchange volatility that at a top line, those can have a fair amount of variability. Having said that, we view that it's our job here to manage the business in a way that ultimately generates returns for our shareholders in all types of macro environment. So that's why we felt it was best to focus everyone in on one primary metric.
Michael G. O'grady: Well, I think that everybody can calculate their own cost to capital. We definitely do that for ourselves internally. It's not something that we disclose. But I do think that in the same way Bev has said that our targets have come down, certainly, with lower rates, et cetera, we do view that the cost of capital has come down as well.
Michael G. O'grady: Yes. I mean, we certainly strive to generate into the high end of our range there, Mike. But at the same time, given the current environment, we think that it's appropriate to look at the business as it is now, take initiatives like driving performance in order to improve their performance. But be realistic, given the environment, and frankly the uncertainty both macro also but regulatory really, with regard to capital when we set that target.
Michael G. O'grady: So you are correct, I'm relatively new. And so I'd like to think that I have a perspective that's valuable overall. But I am just one of the perspectives. This is something that's critical to the whole senior management team. So everybody from Rick and Bill on down is really responsible for this. We do have a pretty disciplined process around it. So we have a project management team that has been a part of not only developing these initiatives, but also ensuring the implementation. But it is a top priority of the institution overall.
Michael G. O'grady: Yes. We're not really breaking it out and part of that, Mike, is because one of the key things here is that this runs across the institution. Much of this is looking at, as I mentioned, whether it's client administration or whether it's things that we can do in our lending area to improve the efficiency of our documentation, things like that, that happened in all of our businesses or multiple businesses. So it's really not broken out by individual business units.
Michael G. O'grady: No. The fee schedule itself was implemented as of January 1 of this year. So it's not in the fourth quarter. So the items you mentioned there, I mean, I would say that the idea of fully aligning the value proposition is true for both PFS as well as C&IS and NTGI. And so, that initiative, or that characterization, if you will, is really what we're doing overall. The specific fee methodology change is PFS. So as you heard there, by implementing that at the beginning of the year, that's something that we'd like to think that we'll see very near-term positive impact from that. On the C&IS front and the idea of gaining greater share of wallet, as I mentioned earlier, Brian, that is client by client and has been happening for some time period. I think that as a result of everything we're doing here, we'll accelerate that. But that's something that will continue through 2012 and into 2013 as well.
Michael G. O'grady: Yes, I wouldn't characterize it as a portion of that amount. I mean, I think as far as we're going to go, Brian, as far as breaking it down the buckets that we have on that page.
Michael G. O'grady: Yes. I'd answer this, Brian, in 2 ways. First of all, as far as, I'll call it the operating leverage, what we're doing here is to look to improve margins in the current environment. And we obviously have suffered as a result of some of the conditions and the fact that there is operating leverage in the business, but it cuts both ways. And so to the extent that, that operating environment improves and we are successful implementing the initiatives here, yes we do expect to see the benefit of that in our operating leverage as you mentioned, kind of 2014 and '15 as well. As far as projects, there's nothing that we're -- what I would call constraining as a part of this. It's much more about making sure that as we spend our capital dollars, that we're prioritizing the right projects. And if you're taking one of my comments earlier with regard to that, that was just to say that there is not a significant capital investment that's required, that's incremental as a result of the driving performance initiative.
Michael G. O'grady: Sure. First, to respond to the first part, as far as the interest bearing deposits with banks and the increase there, a higher proportion of the dollar amount there or the balance that's invested in Australian dollars, which have a higher yield. So that was really the biggest driver of that increase. As far as the securities portfolio, yes, you're correct. We did increase the amount in U.S. treasuries and was mentioned in my comments earlier extended our maturity somewhat. So that is treasuries that we've put out for 2 years. And really, I, Brian, try not to look at any particular investment as indicative of what our investment strategy is because the portfolio really is managed overall. So it's not for some reason we think a particular security, the particular part of the curve is a sweet spot, but rather just trying to make sure that overall, we have the right level of liquidity, and we have the right level of credit quality which we've had.
Michael G. O'grady: Yes. For now, I would stick with that historical average that we've had which is in the neighborhood of 33%.
Michael G. O'grady: No, George. You didn't in the sense of if nothing else changed, so I say that in a sense of rate, market rates or the asset levels that we have. We are more than 50% through the fee level. So I was just saying, so we're waiving more than 50%.
Michael G. O'grady: Yes. It's really just overall short-term rates and very high quality securities. So you can't pick one single metric and say, for example, an x rate or index goes up. But it had because in the same way I just mention how we think about our investment portfolio, with NTGI likewise have a look at their short duration portfolios, it's a number of factors that they take into account that have the right credit quality, the right liquidity and also get the appropriate rate that they can. But certainly, I think as you see the combination of shorter term rates go up, that's going to be your best indication that we should see relief on this front.
Michael G. O'grady: Yes. That's not how I would necessarily think about it. Again, if nothing else change right now as far as the rate environment and the asset levels that we have, Gerard, then our fee waivers would not change the next quarter. Now, obviously, those things do change, but at this point, if they were the same you would have the same level, and you wouldn't expect to continue eat through all the way to the total amount of your fees.
Michael G. O'grady: Yes, we're just going to stick with the ROE for the reasons that I said, Gerard. Again, while we do think that there are number of other financial metrics that are useful and we certainly use a number of them internally, we think that it's best to have this primary metric that we can guide, both you and frankly the company internally towards what we're trying to drive the business towards.
Michael G. O'grady: As you mentioned, we won't know if there's any buffer at all or what that buffer would be. As far as that comfort level, the main thing I would say is it's very important for us to be very well-capitalized and to compare favorably with others. And so there are many factors that would go into it. It would depend on the environment that we're in. It would depend on the levels of other institutions. So many factors are going to where we think the appropriate place to be needless to say, we're very comfortable with our current level, but that's something that I continually get monitored, both by ourselves as management and the capital committee that is responsible for that, but also with our Board of Directors and our discussion with the regulators.
Michael G. O'grady: Yes. I would say there is a very small portion that is in the run rate at this point, Alex. You mentioned some of the things that happened, but most of those happened kind of fall towards the end of the year. So of the total there, it's a small amount. It begins in this quarter, if you will, that you'll see more of it.
Michael G. O'grady: I think you characterized it correctly, Alex, which is we are trying to maintain the NIM where we are at this point in this environment. At the same time, there can be various factors that change that move that around a little bit. So as much as that's the objective, I don't think that we or anybody else can really project out exactly where it will end up.
Michael G. O'grady: Yes. So I would say that the reduction that you saw in our foreign exchange trading income definitely relates primarily to the broader trends with regard to volatility and just volumes overall. Now having said that, like any market, Alex, it's a dynamic market. And so there are constantly things that are changing, as you mentioned, where technology is being introduced, which changes the nature of the way the business works and the transactions get executed. And that is something that we certainly are a part of. And that's why we do invest in our businesses like that one to make sure that our technology is such that we can capture the business to the extent that it migrates that direction. There are also other dynamics just as to how clients think about executing their FX and who they do that with. And again, we are constantly assessing the way that we approach our clients, both the existing ones but also potentially other clients to be able to provide that service to them. And so, it's of a complex part of the market that we, like the others I think, are very focused on making sure that it continues to be a good business for us.
Michael G. O'grady: On the second one, I would say that that's not something that we would be able to attribute to one or the other. I would say though that the broader point that you're making is valid, which is clients are definitely looking at the alternatives of either placing their short-term investments, meaning cash investments in a money market fund or on the balance sheet of an institution like Northern Trust. And when they do that, they have to think about not only the economic returns that they would have, but also the safety of that short-term investment as to whether it's a deposit at an institution like Northern or whether it's a part of a mutual fund that's invested in a certain set of high-quality investments. So we do see that, and we do see migration between the funds and our balance sheet. And I think that will continue as we go forward. As far as being able to determine the impact of profitably of one versus the other, that's not something that we see as having a material impact on us, given that we do both for our clients.
Michael G. O'grady: No, we don't change our fees based on -- if I understand your question, no, we have not adjusted our fees in any way related to that.
Michael G. O'grady: It is, Ken, but certainly both in both years. We're looking to do this as quickly as we can so that we have year end -- maximum year end benefits both in 2012 and 2013.
Michael G. O'grady: That's right. So there's -- neither of those are intended to be back end weighted if you will. We're supposed to do it as soon as possible to capture the maximum benefit in the year.
Michael G. O'grady: Yes, I think where you did see elevated levels is I think I call that 1 point in the dialogue there is on equipment and software, we did see a higher level in the quarter-over-quarter comparison. That's a result of the investment we've made over time, but also in the quarter there where we had higher equipment rental and maintenance costs. But overall, I would say that the run rate that we saw there is exactly why we're focused on driving performances to really improve across the board on the line item and, it's not necessarily focused on any particular line item.
Michael G. O'grady: I don't think we're changing the way that we've discussed it with you. But just to clarify, we still see significant growth opportunities. So as we mentioned earlier in the call, this year was a very strong year for net new business to the firm. And we see significant opportunities ahead of us as well. And so we don't believe that it's in the shareholders interest for us to try to slow the growth of the business overall. What we do think is in the shareholders interest is to improve our productivity in a way that it increases the profitability of that growth. And so we think as a result, it's best to provide you and us with a way to capture these initiatives and be able to determine what the impact of those initiatives will be, separate from the underlying growth of the business.
Michael G. O'grady: So the growth in deposits is still with what I would call core clients. So it is a matter of them leaving more cash in the form of demand deposits on our balance sheet. Having said that, I think that it's very difficult to predict how that will change as the environment changes. So as much as those are deposits with core clients, I don't necessarily think that it should be interpreted that those clients wouldn't change their mind as the environment changes and take those off the balance sheet as deposits going forward. So it's not in any way flyby deposits that are coming from entities that we don't do other things with. But at the same time, I could see them go down in a different environment.
Michael G. O'grady: No question that we have to maintain appropriate liquidity as a result of that and yes to be shorter, as far as the duration there puts pressure on the net interest margin.
Michael G. O'grady: Yes, I think it's still probably a combination of both at this point. So yes, the industry is carrying more capital as a result of the broader economic but also regulatory environments. But it's also to say that at this point, given the visibility of the environment here and how long we can continue to see interest rates that are at these levels, and the nature of some of the other changes in the business with regard to securities lending, potentially with foreign exchange, that the combination of those 2. And I think just the last thing, just more broadly speaking, the returns that all financial institutions will look to be able to generate going forward. I think if you factor those 3 things in, that's how you get to the range that we're in.
