Beverly Fleming: Thank you, Kevin. Welcome to Northern Trust Corporation's Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me on our call this morning are Bill Morrison, Northern Trust's Chief Financial Officer; Aileen Blake, our Controller; and Allison Quaintance from our Investor Relations team.  For those of you who did not receive our second quarter earnings press release or financial trends report via e-mail this morning, they are both available on our website at northerntrust.com. In addition, this July 20 call is being webcast live on northerntrust.com. The only authorized rebroadcast of this call is the replay that will be available through August 17. Northern Trust disclaims any continuing accuracy of the information provided in this call after today. Now for our Safe Harbor statement. What we say during today's conference call may include forward-looking statements, which are Northern Trust's current estimates and expectations of future events or future results. Actual results, of course, could differ materially from those indicated by these statements because the realization of those results is subject to many risks and uncertainties. I urge you to read our 2010 annual report and our periodic reports to the Securities and Exchange Commission for detailed information about factors that could affect actual results.  Thank you again for joining us today. Let me turn the call over to Bill Morrison.
Beverly Fleming: Howard, this is Bev. That really wasn't the impact this quarter that it was last quarter. On a sequential quarter basis, we had spot rates and hedge rates basically moving in the same direction, and you'll recall, last quarter, that was not the case. So it really wasn't the impact this quarter that we had spoken with you about in the first quarter.
Beverly Fleming: And John, just if I could add one point to be clear and to make sure that this is incorporated into the transcript. Within our cash investment funds, the client funds that Bill just went through, we have no direct sovereign or bank exposure to Greece, Portugal, Italy or Ireland. And then likewise, on our balance sheet, so the money market assets Bill was talking about at the beginning, we have no direct sovereign exposure on our balance sheet related to Greece, Portugal, Italy or Spain. We have no direct bank exposure on our balance sheet to Greece or Portugal and a de minimis amount to the Irish subsidiary of a non-Irish bank.
Beverly Fleming: Yes, the only thing that I would add, Alex, to give you a few statistics. We did end the quarter with global index AUM at just shy of $296 billion, that was up almost $7 billion sequentially. And as you're well aware, we didn't get a lot of support from the markets, the equity markets to support that $7 billion increase. So most of that was flows and a lot of those flows were from non-U.S. clients.
Beverly Fleming: Well, of the $22.6 million in acquisition, restructuring and integration charges that we took in the quarter, we said that $18.4 million of that was in compensation expense and a large amount of the incremental -- the remainder would have been in outside services. Not all of it, but a lot of it.
Beverly Fleming: Yes. When we announced the Omnium acquisition in May, we disclosed that it would be bringing us approximately $70 billion in AUA. And we disclosed the initial purchase price of $100 million, but we didn't provide any other disclosures, financial disclosures beyond that.
William Morrison: Well, remember, and as I said in the comments, a little more than 300 of the people we added in the quarter came from the Bank of Ireland acquisition and we're restructuring that organization, as we've said. If you step back and look at where the majority of the hiring has been in the quarter, most of it continues to be in the Asia Pacific region. Although I would say that in the quarter, our PFS business did fulfill some of their commitments against strategic hiring. And when you see the segment and the regional hiring statistics, you'll see some growth in the U.S. in PFS. To your question around our thoughts and initiatives around productivity, we have disclosed previously that we're working to slow the rate of growth in expenses. And in a business like ours, that requires a reduction in the rate of growth of compensation. And while we don't have specific targets today, know that we have put in place steps in the second quarter that will slow the rate of growth for the remainder of the year. And at the same time, we have started a series of, I guess I'd call them, exploratory initiatives to see if we can restructure or reposition our businesses to work in a more productive way, both from a revenue and from an expense point of view, going forward. It's been early in our journey down that road, so we don't have targets or specific initiatives. But as we said during the second quarter, we have started specific reviews and will develop specific targets as we go forward to the balance of the year.
William Morrison: Yes. Howard, as you know, we did file a plan in the first quarter of this year. We were not part of the 19 bank SCAT group. We were probably the 20th bank. So the process that we followed was a bit different. But directionally, it was the same. And so we filed a plan in late February. It's been reviewed by the Fed and we've been told they have no objections to our plan. As you have seen and everybody else who's in your business on the call has seen, there has been some new regulatory proposal floated in terms of who would have to file detailed capital plans on a going forward basis. And basically, as proposed that all banks with assets over $50 billion beginning early in 2012 would have to file capital plans on basically the same basis. So the quick answer to your question is that our plans for the initial 2-year capital plan we filed in the first quarter were not objected to by the Fed. But more recently, they have suggested that we'll all have to file annual plans. So effectively, I think what we've got is an approval of the first year of our 2-year capital plan.
William Morrison: Yes. It's very hard to pin down a number on this. As you know, we and most of the other banks you're covering are still going through the Basel II parallel run, still validating our risk management, our risk weighted asset driving systems. We get a little bit of clarity around what the Basel III minimum levels will be for well-capitalized banks, including the SIFI adjustments. But in my opinion, we still got some time to go and I would just say that, when we do get clarity around what those SIFI surcharges will be, we will probably maintain our historical approach of keeping a margin over what that minimum is described to be for a well-capitalized bank. So too early to tell, I'm sorry to say.
William Morrison: Yes, sure. We'd be happy to. First, just a general commentary that our credit policy people have been working on Eurozone exposures, both on our client accounts and on our balance sheet for now almost 2 years. So this is not a new initiative of Northern Trust. Over the past couple of years, we've been reducing exposure that existed in the more challenged Eurozone countries and the banking entities in those countries. And we have been moving to the strongest counterparties that we can identify in the strongest countries. So generally speaking, our exposure to the Eurozone is lower. It's concentrated in stronger providers, and it's generally out of what you would consider to be the troubled countries directly. At the same time, we've also shortened our tenure on both sides, meaning in the client funds and also on our balance sheet to what I think you would consider to be quite short tenures. To be specific, and on our own balance sheet, we have total European bank money market exposures of a little north of $10 billion and about $5.5 billion of that exposure runs to both sovereign and direct bank exposures to countries such as France, Spain, a relatively small amount in Italy, Germany and a quite small amount in Belgium. Again, those are the money market placements that you see on the asset side of our balance sheet. Obviously, we also have some smaller FX-related and other counterparty exposures, but the bigger dollars are in the money market placements. On the cash investment fund side of the house, and I'd ask you to think when I speak about cash investment funds that I'm talking about the combination of our money market funds, our collective and common funds, our securities lending pools, including in money market funds are 2a-7 funds. So aggregately, I'm talking about cash funds, client money, up about $190 billion. Again, we've been working through the same type of exposure reduction initiatives in this area that I talked about on the balance sheet, it's been going on for quite some time. Nonetheless, at June 30, that $190 billion collection of cash funds held about 30% of its assets in European bank exposure. Again, we've got fund limits for banks and we have no more than 2% to any one bank and any one fund. Our maximum maturity for issuers in these markets is about -- is 30 days. And if you break it down further and look at exposures to issuers from France, Spain, Germany and Belgium, we total about 8% of, again, back to that $190 billion in cash investment funds. So I hope that provide some clarity to you.
William Morrison: No, it doesn't feel like 2008. I think it's quite different. But having said that, there is a ton of liquidity out there and you all have seen from the other banks who have reported already that there was a particular surge in liquidity around quarter end. And so if you look at our end-of-period balance sheet, you'll see it's a bit bigger than the prior quarter and you'll see the average levels of earning assets and I commented on this earlier, are about $8 billion higher on average. I would say, about half of that is client-driven deposits, most of it coming from our non-U.S. clients. However, we continue to have growth in our personal deposits in the United States as well. And the other half is short-term leverage that we've created ourselves as funding costs are exceedingly low and we've been placing that money with the Fed and in other very short, very liquid categories on the asset side of the balance sheet.
William Morrison: Well, it's pretty simple. We don't have much loan demand. In fact, loan demand is quite flat. We don't see significant long-term opportunity in the investment securities category, and we see a short-term opportunity to borrow money at 5 basis points and lay it off overnight at 25. It's clearly not a very deep and long-term strategy, but it is an overnight opportunity and we've taken advantage of it as and when we can. We've got plenty of capital to do it. We don't have any restraints really to doing a little more of that on a short-term basis.
William Morrison: Not this time, Nancy, and I'm a little surprise that we haven't seen that kind of reaction. But if you look quarter-to-quarter for the past few quarters, there is a slight increase in the allocation of personal clients’ investment programs to equity, but it's all market-driven. So notwithstanding the fact that we're encouraging a bit more risk and have been for basically the last 1.5 year or more, clients are more slow on the uptake.
William Morrison: Small difference, not really significant. It depends on where they go. If they go to alternative products, it might be a bit better for us, but an equity product is much better than cash, obviously. But we've got pretty balanced fee arrangements on most of our client accounts. So we wouldn't have a huge pickup, Nancy.
William Morrison: Generally, the revenue -- remember, it was only one month, we closed on June 1. So revenue was in the $5.5 million range and expenses were just a bit less than that. So the BoISS acquisition was not a big driver on our revenue or our margin for the quarter.
William Morrison: No, I wouldn't say so. Although, obviously, we have taken some steps where we can in the BoISS acquisition. Omnium is a little bit of a different situation since it's a brand-new capability for us. The Ireland acquisition, as you know, was a common business acquisition in a common community, so there were overlaps, not so in Omnium. It's hard to project what future acquisitions will look like and what those opportunities will be. I would say that while we look at the opportunities and the acquisitions that we've done and will do, we'll be looking more closely at our existing businesses.
William Morrison: Well, actually, we took a provision in the first quarter. I believe, it was $3.4 million to get a head start on the deferred tax account impact on the Illinois state income tax increase. And we said that, while we took $3.4 million in the first quarter, the subsequent quarter impacts of that would be about $1 million. And then -- and that's what's happened. And then this quarter, we reduced a state income tax reserve of about $2.5 million, but that's really about all that's in the tax line this quarter.
William Morrison: For now, if everything stays the same as the second quarter in terms of revenue contribution from overseas and domestic sources.
William Morrison: We've seen measurable improvement and we've talked about this in prior quarters in our commercial and industrial book and in our clients within that book specifically. And we've also seen a pickup in demand for credit from that group. So I'd kind of take the commercial and industrial group and some of the private client loan groups which are largely secured by marketable securities and say that in the C&I group, it's dramatically improved, and the marketable securities secured stuff has always been strong. But demand in both categories is improving, those 2 groups look good. The offset to that is the commercial real estate outstandings and the residential real estate loan outstandings which in some regions are getting a little better, but I think in both categories remain challenging. So I think the good news is that about half of the portfolio has improved pretty significantly. The other half of the portfolio is unchanged with some challenges. I'll go a step further and say, those comments notwithstanding, you saw the activity in our other real estate owned areas this quarter. And effectively, on a gross basis, we sold half of the other real estate owned portfolio in the second quarter. And what we're seeing is, people who have been on the sidelines for quite some time in terms of buying principally more expensive homes have stepped in and exhibited an attitude, if not now, when and taken down 5 or 6 of our largest ORE holdings. So there seems to be an attitude change in many of our markets about the willingness to buy and hold real estate which is encouraging. But I would leave you and other listeners on the call, who with the impression that, yes, asset quality expressed in terms of charge-offs and provision expenses quite a bit lower this quarter, and we feel that certain components of our loan portfolio have improved dramatically. There still is risk out there and Northern Trust makes relatively large loans taken as a percentage of our total nonperforming assets. So I'm always a little uncomfortable with forecasting, particularly the very low levels that we see this quarter because 1 or 2 loans can dramatically improve or dramatically change the level of nonperformers in the accompany.
William Morrison: A little bit, I think most of the increase in demand has been in the large corporate side, middle market corporation side. I think you're hearing that from other companies as well. We've had a very significant generation of loan commitments. But we still have, I think, at the end of the quarter, 26% utilization rate on our commitments in our corporate group. So we're still at historical lows of client stepping in and drawing down on their approved facilities.
William Morrison: No, I don't think so. Obviously, the quarter was a little weaker than we had thought. When we've looked at it, we see that volatility is very mixed or was very mixed. The euro was a bit volatile, but some of the other key currencies that our clients maintain positions in were not so volatile. So no, I don't see any significant change. We will be looking at the business closely though.
William Morrison: Well, in comments that Rick Waddell has made publicly, we've talked about trying to get back to neutral or positive operating leverage in the foreseeable future. We look at adjusted expenses in the quarter at about the same number you do, that $683 million, which is up about 2%. When we look at the individual adjusted categories, there's some categories that are high and that we're going to go back and are going back and taking a closer look at. It's hard to say what kind of expense growth rate to look for over the next couple of quarters, except to say that we're working hard to keep them constrained.
William Morrison: Yes, and our forecast is a little later than that. So we're doing things as and when we can to try to hedge a little bit against that. And as you recall, we extended duration in our securities portfolio at the end of the -- at the end of 2010, beginning of 2011, and we took another shot at that toward the end of the second quarter of this year. And so effectively, we have extended our duration to about 2 years and extended our repricing frequency to about 8 months. So in both duration-extension programs that we put in place, we use the highest quality securities. So there's no credit diminution, no reaching for yield through credit diminution at all. So we think that will help with declines from here in our net interest margin, but there are some rates out there that right now are exceedingly low, even by the standards that we've seen for the last 2 years. And I would say that if the environment stays exactly like it is today out into the future, we won't be able to prohibit some slight margin deterioration.
William Morrison: Well, there are a couple of components to that category. One of which would be the acquisition-related expenses that you just described and the other would be all of the regulatory-driven consulting expense that we've taken on. I would say that consulting and related expenses, assuming that we don't do anymore acquisitions here in the next couple of quarters, would decline. The regulatory component of that, though, I don't think is quite to the level that we can expect declines. Coming soon, I hope, but I wouldn't forecast it for the current quarter.
William Morrison: Also, remember that we've got our sub-advisor fees in there for our manager of managers business and those have been going up pretty significantly as the market has gone up here over the last year or so. And we get those -- we don't get some of that back, but that's part of the problem as well.
William Morrison: Well, I'll give that a shot. If you look at our entire non-agency RMBS portfolio, it totals $238 million after these charges. Back to the beginning of OTTI for us, we have charged 17 different securities, a total of $115 million in OTTI. So the majority of those are either subordinated liens or they're subprime. And there are 1 or 2 in there that are -- that we have classified as senior, but they have big positions and are substantially all option ARM credits, some of them in tough markets. So it's been an asset class that hasn't been all that great for us, obviously, but the good news is, it's relatively small, 29 total securities with a current amortized cost of $238 million.
William Morrison: I think under -- in the circumstances that existed at the end of the quarter, we're comfortable with that coverage ratio of being less than 1. Of course, we look at -- and I participate in this personally, we look at all of our large nonperforming assets and consider the improvement or deterioration in those assets individually and collectively each quarter. At the end of this quarter, obviously, we felt a little better about that portfolio. And so we're comfortable with the coverage that you were referring to being less than 1. I think generally, again, depending on where you are in the cycle, for a bank with a credit risk that this bank has, you should be right around 1.
William Morrison: It's a combination of both. I mean, we did bring on quite a number of new clients during the quarter, and I would tell you that there are a few IOO implementations in the quarter. Unfortunately, we don't have permission to name those clients, but there are several -- our IOO business is building and is projected to build as we go forward here, but this is not just an IOO story. We've had strong wins in the custody business, in the other parts of our GFS business. So it's an across-the-board success story in this quarter.
William Morrison: I really don't know how to do that, except to reiterate what I said before and that is that, on the personal side of the business, the best 6-month period we've ever had -- and again, remember, when we talk about new business, we're talking about net new business, which is the annualized fee of a piece of new business against which we deduct lost business, the annualized fee lost in the same period. So in our personal business, we're referring to recurring fees. We don't charge specifically for fiduciary services and our state settlement and related fees are not recurring, they are nonrecurring, so they're not included. So substantially, all of that net new revenue is a function of new AUM on the personal side of the business. And then on the -- and I would tell you that our new business on the personal side is strong in every region throughout the United States, including the wealth management business. And so that's largely asset under management fulfillment or add-on of AUM, except for the wealth management business, which, of course, is largely AUC driven. On the institutional side of the business, the contribution is much more varied because we've got all the GFS business, including the IOO business there. But again, 2 out of 3 quarters, that being the fourth and the second. On the same basis of definition on new business, 2 of the best 3 quarters we've ever had. So it's very strong, very well distributed across the 2 businesses. In the PFS side, largely driven by clients giving us more money to manage AUM. On the institutional side, a blend of recurring revenues throughout the custody side, the investment side and the GFS side.
William Morrison: Remember that, that business has a considerably sized earn-out opportunity that runs with it. And to be honest, it's going to be as successful as our ability to sell to new clients. So just from a stand-alone point of view, I wouldn't think that the business would generate much. It's all a function of how well we do with that technology and how effectively we sell it to hedge funds and then how well we cross-sell that hedge fund business.
William Morrison: We get the platform with, as Bev said, about $70 billion of existing administration, but the real measure of success in the business is how we do from there.
William Morrison: I would say that just round numbers, about 85% of it was related to our GFS business in Ireland and nearby countries, which is largely the Bank of Ireland. And then the rest of it is nonrecurring expenses taken in the quarter for the Omnium transaction.
William Morrison: Yes. I take your point. As we've said before, I don't -- if Steve Fradkin were here, I think he'd say it this way that this is a one at a time business in terms of getting out there, meeting with the clients, discussing perhaps what used to be a bundled pricing solution and trying to get back to where we think our margins should be on a client-by-client basis, either through charging for things that we didn't charge for before and effectively unbundling the relationships or cross-selling and I mentioned this earlier, in response to somebody else's question. We've done a pretty good job of cross-selling other services to just as an example, pure custody clients. So Mike while we all wish -- we, at Northern Trust, probably at the top of the line, that this pacing was going more quickly, I can tell you that it is going and we have anecdotal evidence of a number of client relationships and there seem to be more and more of those as we go where we're improving our pricing. But it is a one by one, one at a time success measurement process. It's slow.
William Morrison: Well, I'll just say that the 2 are totally and completely unrelated. I mean, the restructuring charge, Mike, has to do with what I said earlier and that is that we bought a business in a market where we already had a similar business, the 2 businesses of common size, round numbers, 500 people each, a touch less than that. We do the same things. We do the same things in an office that's set apart geographically by a very small distance. So obviously, there are a lot of opportunities for expense synergies and also revenue synergies, but that's not what you're interested in. So I would tell you that if we didn't -- if we hadn't done the BoISS acquisition, we probably wouldn't have taken this charge at this time. And then on the other subject, again, it is totally unrelated to the restructuring charge. Not really a cultural difference and if you go back far enough, and I think you remember these days when we last had a COO and a CEO and that was Barry Hastings and Bill Osborn, and Mike, you recall that. There are some reasons that we think that the responsibilities of the CEO should be divided a bit and some of those responsibilities handed to a Chief Operating Officer, so that the CEO can spend more time on strategic issues and...
William Morrison: No, it is different, I would agree. But keep in mind, we're looking at building the stable of up and coming executives within the company. We've got a few people at senior levels in the company who in the next 4 or 5 years will probably be retired. We're trying to build our bench strength. We've hired a number of people from the outside and this just happens to be one of them. So I would encourage you not to think of this as a cultural change. I don't think of it that way at all.
William Morrison: We haven't titled it yet. Aileen Blake who's here with us and Rick and I and others are working on that as we speak.
William Morrison: Just thanks to everybody. We'll talk to you again at the end of our third quarter, when we will update our performance, and that's scheduled for October 19. We'll see many of you before then. Thanks so much for your time today.
