Stephen Bowman: Okay. I'll start with question one around the balance sheet and the growth and I'll focus first on the Wealth Management deposits. We have seen that level come down a bit. I think it's -- there are a couple of factors that we would highlight there. First is, obviously, we've moved into an increasing rate environment. And those clients, particularly our clients at the higher end of the wealth spectrum, have an array of opportunities to invest their cash. It could be on our balance sheet and we do what we can to provide competitive pricing and opportunity on our balance sheet, but they also may be looking at cash funds and/or other investments to deploy their cash. So when we've seen that -- over the span of a year, we've seen those balances move. Most of those, more than half, about 2/3 have moved somewhere inside of The Northern Trust into either cash funds or other products and capabilities where we've seen those move internally. The second thing on the deposit side which we see sequentially in the second quarter is we do see some sequential moves for tax purposes and that's -- we've seen that seasonally in the past. So on the Wealth deposits, while we've seen some of that come down on the Wealth side, it's really the deployment of that and, in some cases, that just moved from balance sheet to other funds at The Northern Trust. Some, approximately 1/3 or so as we described it, could have moved to other products somewhere outside of The Northern. We remain competitive. We track our peer set closely and do what we can to ensure that our pricing remains competitive to attract and pay on those wealth deposits because they're very valuable deposits as you know. On the institutional side, I would say that those deposit balances can demonstrate a little more volatility based on, A, our growth profile. We grow and they go up, but those are large sophisticated asset owners who may deploy those assets into the market at any time -- an opportune time. A meaningful portion are very operational in nature, but we can see some movement in that from quarter-to-quarter and year-over-year. The pricing on those, the competitive nature of the pricing on those, we have fewer competitors than we do in the Wealth, but it's a little less transparent. So we monitor and have dialogues with our clients and do what we can to price those deposits appropriately. As you might imagine, some clients are on pre-negotiated rates and some are on standard rate cards. And again, we monitor that closely. We're competitive in the world in deposits and we will be in both spaces and continue to be competitive. I think, generally, the growth on our balance sheet that we've seen over time has just been the success of our business growth strategy. You've seen high single to low double-digit growth rates in our firm and fees and that generally manifest itself in, over time, a growing balance sheet.
Stephen Bowman: And then short-term borrowed funds, the second part of that, I would say what we do -- because of our strong capital levels, we have the ability to do some discretionary leveraging, which does produce incremental net interest income for our shareholders. And given our financial strength and the leverage or lack of leverage constraints that we have as you see in our results, it's allowed us to utilize that. It can have the added benefit, the borrowed funds, of helping the LCR as we manage that so it does add to that. Those borrowed funds where we typically borrow can have the added benefit of helping out on the LCR as well.
Stephen Bowman: Yes. I'll start maybe -- well, I'll talk the whole firm first. The organic growth rate, which we fairly consistently have been talking about in fees, has been -- we've talked about in the mid-single digits. Let's call it the 4% to 5% range. We, again, had a quarter where we were in that range, we saw. Specifically to Wealth, we did see some slowing of the organic growth rate in Wealth from first to second quarter and, again, that was impacted less by gross new business than it was by flows. And the flows, if we think about it, can have things like tax payments in the first quarter when -- early second quarter, excuse me, on tax day and/or deployment of that cash and/or investment in the markets and/or potentially even loan pay downs as second homes or other items have become less tax-attractive. Those combined could create some flow pressures on values and AUM inside of our portfolios, but generally, the gross new business portion of that organic growth continue to be very strong in the business.
Stephen Bowman: Yes. So we obviously don't give guidance, but if I look at the impacts of a future hike, what I would say is the first thing we've got to look at is the asset side of the balance sheet for us. And I would say you can see that we remain asset-sensitive. We are heavily impacted by short-term rates, 1-month LIBOR primarily and three months LIBOR moving. So if those move up with a rate hike, which they would likely, the asset sensitivity remains in the balance sheet as you can see via a relatively low duration. So I think the asset side still has sensitivity to rate moves. Then we go to the important factor, which is what happens with the liability pricing in that. And what I would just say there is we're doing our best to be both disciplined in our pricing on the liability side, but we also need to be competitive. So we have to be both. And you have a view on what the competition is doing and others do. We monitor them as well and we remain competitive. It's important for us to be competitive in that landscape. I think we want to be a disciplined firm. I think you can see that in our betas and others, but we also have to be competitive. Our clients expect and deserve competitive rates and we will be mindful of the market when we do that. So the betas haven't reached one. So they are expensive to at least the NIM. And then the second part of your question was on the balance sheet side. That's a reflection of our new business opportunities and some of the nuances of where our clients are either deploying cash or elsewhere. So I'm certainly not going to be able to give you a projection on that, but I did give you some of our thinking on how we think the asset and liability side could move.
Stephen Bowman: Yes. So you're right. So if we looked at our FX total of $78 million, $79 million, approximately $18 million of that was from the treasury swap. But remember, as we said last quarter -- and that was largely swapping dollars into euros, and that drove a positive FX variance. As you might imagine, that actually hurt or suppressed net interest income to the tune of about $14 million. So the trade produced $18 million of FX at the expense, if you will, of $14 million of NII. That trade, if you look at sort of a euro-dollar swap kind of curve or something like that, you can see that spread has narrowed some. So it is possible that in the quarter, if that maintains, you could see some redistribution between FX, that $18 million in NII in the quarter. We'll provide better color later in the quarter as we see that unfold. So I would say that's generally what we've seen on the FX trade. Our core FX supporting our clients was actually up 20% year-over-year when we look at what we would consider our traditional FX support of our asset servicing business as well. So good trends in both of those components.
Stephen Bowman: So I'll take those in two parts, right? The first is on Value for Spend and the run rate. Alex, the answer on that is we continue to have a really strong pipeline of opportunities to get after, and we're getting after it as fast as we can. So the pacing of that, you did see some acceleration in there. And the team here remains focused on getting after it as fast as we can. I know we have talked about it being fairly evenly distributed over three years. We're going as fast as we can. And if we exceed that expectation, we're happy. But we also are getting after some of the things that have the quickest and -- I won't say easy because none of them were easy, but the fastest return. But we continue to look at an array of opportunities. So we think and are committed to that $250 million. So can't give you much more on that front. In terms of the third quarter, we gave you the Northern Trust Open. I would say the only other item in the quarter is we have actually some modest decline in equity incentives from, I think, we had 11 in this quarter, Mark...
Stephen Bowman: And then we should see some modest decline in the equity incentives as they ratchet down during the course of the year. I'd say other than that, it would be nothing that you wouldn't jump off. And your run rate of jumping off at $991 million was $990 million, $991 million is reasonable.
Stephen Bowman: Yes. So we had one credit that we had a specific reserve for that drove it, one individual credit. So we would not see any trends unique, and credit quality remains at a very strong and positive levels. And that's about all I could say that we have very, very strong credit quality right now in the cycle.
Stephen Bowman: Yes. Ken, let me walk you through that real quick, if I could. I think that's a good question. If we took the charges out of the second quarter from last year and the charges out of this quarter, we think the expense growth rate would have been closer to 8%. I would take two points of that out for UBS is attributable to UBS. Currency is about 0.5 point. And then revenue recognition or net to gross presentation, however you want to call it, is about another point of that. And that point is also offset by some of our...
Stephen Bowman: Excuse me, subadvisory, thank you. So if you do that walk, Ken, you go from 8% down to about 4.5% as a core expense growth rate in our expenses. So that [indiscernible] rev rec or subadvisory, yes.
Stephen Bowman: Yes, we continue across both businesses to see a strong new business opportunities, and we highlight some of those with press releases, very strong. In the AUC piece, particularly the sequential comparator, the currency was really a pretty meaningful driver of what was flattish sequential. It was, I think, about two points of a currency impact. As you remember, we have a fairly significant global custody asset mix of our AUC, so we have a lot in other currencies. I think about 65% is in dollars but 35% isn't. And so the currency impact was pretty meaningful. So I know you asked about the new business trends, but in the AUC specifically, I would say that the currency was a meaningful driver. It more than offset market and new business uplifts in the quarter. We continue to have a significant pipelines and healthy, healthy growth opportunities in both businesses.
Stephen Bowman: Yes, thank you, Marty. Well, what I would say is all of the points you made are factors that we contemplate in our ALCO committee. And we meet regularly, and we think about duration management. We think about liquidity management. We think about credit and quality in the portfolio. We have active and regular dialogues. And I'm certainly mindful of your views on those, and we continue to have active debates about what we should be doing to that portion of the balance sheet on a regular basis. So appreciate your comments.
Stephen Bowman: Yes. We're internally very focused on that measure because we think the majority of our expenses -- the majority, not all, but the majority of our expenses are tied to generating trust fees. So we think it's a very prudent measure. It's not a perfect measure, but it's a very prudent pressure to look at operating leverage in our business and performance leverage in our business, and we continue to drive that down. If you did the calculation in our Wealth Management business, you will see it's actually sub that 100%, and you see that manifest in 41% pretax margin in that business. But there's still opportunity left in there, and we talked about that a little bit in our Value for Spend options, our opportunities, and we're committed to continue to focus on that and drive it to the best levels we can.
Stephen Bowman: Yes, and we haven't commented on it. We continue to have regular dialogues with those because those are typically large clients that are associated with our GFS business, our Global Fund Services business. And we have regular dialogues. It has remained at that level for 4 to 5 quarters now, so we think that at least a pretty meaningful portion of that is there for operational or other liquidity needs. We haven't seen that move. It could. We talked about that. So I can't predict. But in our regular dialogues with our relationship people and the owners of those balances, they continue to seem to need them there for liquidity and/or other strategic investment purposes. So they're ready to go. So we've -- we haven't seen that change now for 4 quarters.
Stephen Bowman: Of ours, and then euro would be next. But to your specific question then around the BOE rate rise, look, our clients that are -- that we have that have pound balances, we would benefit from another hike from the BOE. Our betas are not one there. Again, as I said earlier, we have clients in all currencies that are on what I would say more negotiated rates, and then we've got some that are on standard rate cards. The standard rate card's betas would be more preestablished. And then the majority that are on select rates, we would -- are on standard rates, excuse me, would be able to affect the beta through the cycle. Still coming off of a pretty low base. So if it behaves like it has in the U.S., there should be some opportunity there for expansion.
Stephen Bowman: Yes, so we don't have any change or nothing that we would comment on as of today. But we continue to look at this, and we'll keep you posted. I think, the one item that you pointed out in there that we look at is a truly secular change is if the tax rate is changed. So that will certainly be one of the important factors as we consider that range that we will contemplate. And a quick example would be, in this quarter, you can do this calculation, but effectively, it added about 1.7 points of ROE. So ex that, we would have been at the very high end of our existing 10% to 15% range. But as I said, we'll keep you posted as we look at that.
Stephen Bowman: I think, Geoff, your comment assumes that all of those dollars flow through. The competitive landscape didn't change. The people didn't choose to price that away. We're six months into the tax reform here [indiscernible] perspective. And our view is we certainly wanted to observe how the tax reform was absorbed into the economy and to our clients and to our P&L before we raise to make those changes because you don't know exactly how it would end up flowing through financial statements until you looked at the competitive landscape. We're taking that time to observe that, absorb it and observe it, and then have the right strategic dialogues with all of our key constituents.
Stephen Bowman: Well, that's a complicated question in this sense as some of that borrowing that we do is, I will say, dry powder that we want available for liquidity purposes and others. So we don't always necessarily want to tap that fully because we like it available for other reasons in the marketplace. The second is as you might imagine, that is -- it has somewhat constrained the NIM. It is producing incremental NII, which I know is valuable. But we do look at the overall balance of that and then we do also look at leverage ratio and others, which we're not terribly tight on, as you say, but we do evaluate all those factors when we look at the amount of discretionary leveraging we choose to do.
Stephen Bowman: Our ratios would allow it, but we have to put it into the calculus that I just gave you where we're looking a whole series of factors, like liquidity and other items. So we can move it around and contemplate that from quarter-to-quarter.
Stephen Bowman: Yes. So we continue to have significant investment in the business. This is a technologically intensive and capital intensive from that perspective business. I think we published in our K. We spent somewhere around $2.5 billion on both CapEx and expenditure on a rolling 3-year kind of program. So I think we've given about $2.5 billion from '17 through '19 that we would contemplate in terms of technology spending and/or expense associated with that. And that's meaningful against our revenue base. It's meaningful against the competitive landscape in which we operate. And we think that our technology efforts are certainly competitive and we hope, in many cases, leading the competition. But I know it's a primary focus and discussion point amongst our board and our management team.
Stephen Bowman: No, you're pretty close. I would say, Mike, we would probably look at core revenue was up if I exclude any year-over-year currency or the acquisition would be up mid-11%, so 11% -- a little over 11%. And you're right on, on expenses. So that's what we would look at core revenue and core expenses sort of 11% and 4.5%, something like that.
Stephen Bowman: Well, there's obviously both the revenue and expense component to that. So it depends on how markets perform and rate lifts and others. But I know that we're focused on driving operating leverage into the franchise and particularly fee operating leverage into the franchise. So if we look at that, our fees grew somewhere adjusted around 7% if we stripped out all of that noise versus that 4.5%. So we still were driving 2.5 to 3 points of fee leverage. That is a very important focus. And then the second thing I would say is -- Mike is, we're very focused on organic leverage. So the rate we can organically grow our fees versus the rate that our expenses grow organically. So if our expense growth rate was 4.5%, some of those were inorganic factors in there. So that growth rate would've been lower. And if our fees were, as I've told you, somewhere in that 4% to 5% range, we're getting to that organic fee leverage -- I think we wrote in the script as well. So organic fee leverage, fee operating leverage and total operating leverage remain commonly held discussions around here in terms of focus.
Stephen Bowman: That does exclude it. And excluded -- I took currency and I took the acquisition out of our fee numbers, and that's where you get it.
Stephen Bowman: If you look at some announcements that were public, we closed, what I will call, the CTEC technology, Omnium technology acquisition in the quarter. We talked about an investment in Lumint and others. What we've done is found opportunities, I think, to partner with or work aside or acquire some products and capabilities to get to market quicker and to, I think, create some speed and solutions for our clients. So rather than a large acquisition, that's where we have over the last twos quarters focused more of our energy and some of our capital is those types of moves. We obviously stay attuned to the market. And should opportunities come up, we pay attention and we get the people that call on us that give us those advices, but I'd say what you've seen in the public domain is more of a targeted smaller acquisitions or investments in products and capabilities or technologies that I think help can move us forward.
Stephen Bowman: Yes, so we are absolutely continuing to look at anywhere where we -- there's a high opportunity set for wealth markets there, pockets along the East Coast where we're -- there's high net worth opportunities where we're underpenetrated. What I would highlight for you though in that strategy is that we don't always need to have a physical location there. There are some markets where virtual teams have covered that, and we've had tremendous success in certain cities where we actually cover them with virtual teams and have been successful with that approach. So we feel pretty good about our coverage in the wealth space, but we will continue to look at those opportunities if we have a geographical gap. But I think we're pretty excited with our model to be able to close that.
Stephen Bowman: Our new -- we don't -- I mean on a year-over-year basis, I would say yes. I mean, I don't know especially when you think about the institutional business quarter-on-quarter. There was a positive impact on the fees, I would say. The actual new business that's recognized can be lumpy from quarter-to-quarter. But there was sequential benefits as well as year-over-year benefits from new business.
Stephen Bowman: Yes, sure. Good question. I would say, we have seen a lot of it in our institutional side has been with asset servicing -- excuse me, asset manager clients providing asset servicing to asset manager clients. And to your point, some of that has been their drive to look at their cost structures in a difficult environment. And so opportunities for middle, back office and/or other places where they can outsource or partner with somebody has driven some of that. Look, many of -- if you're with the right managers, they also have growth. So we get some distributed growth as well. I think that's particularly true in our hedge fund services space, where we've had the opportunity and good fortune to partner with some partners, some clients who've been very successful in growing their own books and therefore our organic growth goes with them as they either launch new funds or grow their AUM themselves. And then geographies, I would add. We've had great growth as we talked about in Australia, but we've had great growth in other regions of the world. The Netherlands has had terrific success. We opened an office in Seoul, South Korea, and other parts of the world. So geographical, it's some distributed growth by partnering with the right folks. And then the macroeconomic environment is causing some folks to look at outsourcing and/or other opportunities. And that's driven a lot of our C&IS growth. You're right, in the more traditional pension space, that's more of a takeaway game. We do very well in that takeaway game, but there's probably not a lot of new defined benefit plans being open for instance, so it's really a market share kind of gain there, which we continue to do well in.
Marlin Mosby: So you know where I'm heading. If you look at your NII number, it only represents 28% of your revenues, but it actually generates about 82% of your bottom line pretax profit. So it's a pretty important portion of what you manage. We've got the data now that show that look, interest-bearing deposits rates haven't increased precipitously. You may get a little bit more as we think you will get elasticity from here forward, so you'll get that low curve. DDAs have been relatively sticky, so there's not like they're running off in big portions. And yet, we still have $25 billion sitting in cash, and we got a duration on our securities portfolio that's probably about a year and a half. So at some point in the cycle, we need to defend against the next cycle, which is when rates come down and which that 82% of our profits get squeezed. So I just wanted to kind of put that back out there again and see how you're thinking about that now [indiscernible] what timing of that you might be looking at.
Marlin Mosby: And you've been continuing to roll the expenses relative to your core business -- core fees down. So where you were -- expenses are still 6% higher, but that is significantly better than what we've seen in the past. The efforts that you have should continue to push that ratio closer to 100%, I would expect, over the next couple of years. So that's the other piece of the initiative that really does create a lot of leverage to the income statement.
Marlin Mosby: That's been impressive improvement, so appreciate that. And that other leverage piece we have on the balance sheet with 3% yields out there in the marketplace, there's a lot of income that can still be kind of garnered through this process and yet still derisk and not risk the balance sheet anymore.
