Beverly Fleming: . Thank you, Audra, and welcome to Northern Trust Corporation's First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me on our call this morning are Bill Morrison, Northern Trust Chief Financial Officer; Aileen Blake, our Controller; and Allison Quaintance from our Investor Relations team. For those of you who did not receive our first quarter earnings press release or our financial trends report via email this morning, they are both available on our website, northerntrust.com. In addition, this April 19 call is being webcast live on northerntrust.com. The only authorized rebroadcast of this call is the replay that will be available through April 29. Northern Trust disclaims any continuing accuracy of the information provided in this call after today. Now for our Safe Harbor statement. What we say during today’s conference call may include forward-looking statements, which are Northern Trust’s current estimates and expectations of future events or future results. Actual results, of course, could differ materially from those indicated by these statements because the realization of those results is subject to many risks and uncertainties. I urge you to read our 2010 Annual Report and our periodic reports to the Securities and Exchange Commission for detailed information about factors that could affect actual results. Thank you again for joining us today. Let me turn the call over to Bill Morrison.
Beverly Fleming: And that's a common first quarter occurrence, John. Give you the numbers. Stock option expense in the first quarter was $15 million, and last quarter, the fourth quarter, was $5 million. A $10 million delta.
Beverly Fleming: . Yes, Howard, the one thing that I would add is if you look at our financial trend report that we issued this morning, you can actually see some of the actions that we took. If you look at the U.S. Government line on the average balance sheet, you'll see the U.S. Government securities equaled, on average, $974 million in the first quarter versus only $67 million last year. And then if you look at the interest rate trend update, which is Page 8 on our trend report, you'll actually see -- you can see the rates that we're earning on those securities. And that line item really depicts a lot of the yield enhancement strategies that we talked about that we instituted in the fourth quarter.
Beverly Fleming: . Brian, the way I would describe this to you is that we hedge our non-U.S. dollar fees to reduce the volatility that can arise when currency rates fluctuate during a cross period. So there's hedging on fees. But, of course, we're not hedging the asset levels. So any analytics that you're doing where you're comparing our fees to our assets need to take into consideration that we're hedging our fees, but the assets are reacting to spot rates. So the relationship between those quarterly hedged rates and the period and spot rates can have an influence on the realization that we get on the assets. As a matter fact, if you look over the last 9 quarters, you'll see that the quarters where we had the highest realization on our assets were actually the quarters where there was the widest variance between the hedge rates and the spot rates.
Beverly Fleming: . Our hedge strategy remains in place. So we would expect that to continue. And it just depends on what the difference is between the hedge rates and the spot rates in any given quarter and how it compares with the prior quarter or the prior year.
Beverly Fleming: . And the other thing that I would add, Betsy, for the benefit of you and others on the call is that in our 2010 annual report, we began disclosing our PFS fees on a regional basis because that's how we're running the business. So you can actually see the Northeast region fees not only in our annual report but continuing into this first quarter in our trend report. So just to give you a perspective on the relative size of the various regions, the Northeast included.
Beverly Fleming: . Well, Ken, this is Bev. First of all, we don't have performance fees like some of our peers do. So that would not be part of our equation as you do to your analytics. And then the other point that you make is a good one. Now that we have a regional breakdown in PFS, one of the things that you correctly saw was that our sequential quarter growth in the Midwest region did not look as strong as it was across the other regions. And you actually have to deconstruct that a little bit. Actually, our Illinois fees and the rest of our Midwest states did have strong growth, very similar to what you're seeing from the other regions. But we also, because the Midwest is our heritage region, we include other in there. And in the first quarter, we did change an allocation methodology for some of our fund-level asset management fees. They’d previously been assigned to other, and now we've moved them out into the regions. So that does affect -- it affects the Midwest region, but primarily because it has previously had this other category related to fund-level asset management fees. So as Bill said earlier, new business was strong across all of our regions, and we feel very good about all the regions. And I wouldn't focus too much on that one metric, the sequential quarter growth for Midwest.
John Stilmar: Just a quick question on -- just touching on compensation for a second. The $294 million that you had this quarter, was there a onetime benefit or detriment in there? I wasn't quite sure. I was wondering if you could just clarify for me.
John Stilmar: Okay, perfect. Thank you. And then with regard to the pace of new investments on the custodial side, can you talk to me a little bit about whether -- the standard question of winning new business. On one of the other calls this morning, we were given some color around the pace of whether new business wins were at the expense of others in the industry. I was wondering if you could share with us if there's an update on that and just kind of general comments around kind of pipeline and what we should be thinking of at least and how to kind of put that in the context of where we've been relative to the fourth quarter.
John Stilmar: Yes, perfect. Then final question, just with regards to the increase in recoveries, is it having to do with the lumpiness of some of your previous collection efforts? Or is that you actually achieving a better severity on some of the actual loans that you took the sort of the charge-off for this quarter? And thank you.
William Morrison: In compensation expense, the only issue is really stock option expense. And, John, as I mentioned in my comments, we expense stock option grants, which of course, are done in the first quarter, in their entirety for retirement-eligible people. And we do have several retirement-eligible people on our management  [Audio Gap] Group.
William Morrison: Well, I think that relative to the issue of where our new business wins are coming from, on the institutional side, they're pretty much across the board from multiple providers, from multiple regions and across all of the service areas that we're in, John. And then, on the personal side of the business, same thing. I mean, our new business is very broadly across all of our geographic regions in the United States and in Western Europe and within all of our service segments, all of our client segments. So it's very, very broad and from a broad, broad source of prior providers in both the Institutional business and in the Personal business.
William Morrison: I think it's more of the lumpiness that we've talked about in the past. I sense that we have a slightly improved marketplace in a lot of the places that we do business, particularly in PFS, and we're starting to see some very slight trends of improvement there. But as we've said in the past, we have a relatively low level of nonperformers, and we have, generally, in some cases, some rather large loans. So we would caution you all to think in terms of the fact that 1 or 2 loans moving one way or the other could impact the statistics pretty significantly. But things do seem to be improving at a little bit quicker pace around the United States.
William Morrison: Yes, I would tell you to some extent, it's timing related. It's also in part related by our hedging practices. In the first quarter, we have a situation where our hedged rates are effectively lower than market rates. To what extent others have that problem, I can't comment. But I would tell you it's a combination of both of those issues.
William Morrison: Also, Howard, the duration of the securities portfolio now is about 2 years. Average pricing duration is about 9 months.
William Morrison: No, not necessarily. I mean, we look at our investment portfolio every month and consider options and how we want to invest the maturing securities. As we speak, our policy is unchanged, meaning we would reinvest upcoming maturities in common types and common durations.
William Morrison: Yes. As we've said in the call comments, we're continuing to invest in our business. And the best thing in our business involves a considerable investment in technology. At the present time, we have a higher number than last year planned in that category and involves a continuing commitment to high-quality people. And we've discussed our investing through the cycle program with you before. At the present time, I would tell you that remains in place. However, we talk about the changing environment every month, every quarter. And if we feel that the realization of the benefits of these types of programs will be farther out than we had originally thought or that market circumstances change or that the world changes in some unanticipated way, we would consider changing our policy. But today, our policy is to continue to invest in the business because we can and certain others can't.
William Morrison: Yes, it is. It's up from the prior quarter and, actually, I think down from a year ago's quarter. But the issue here is the stuff's very short duration these days, as you know, and during the fourth quarter, we had a pretty significant decline in various short-term yields, particularly toward the end of the quarter.
William Morrison: No, it's actually -- it's completely rate resulting because the balances in our money market fund complex are roughly the same quarter-to-quarter, and the distribution is roughly unchanged as well. So purely lower yields and our inability to realize even the percentage of our fees that we were realizing in the prior quarter.
William Morrison: Actually, we started in 2003 with the opening of our office in New York and then have built out subsequent to them. So it's been almost 8 years now.
William Morrison: Well, I think we'll do better than we did with our first couple of entrants. When we first came to New York in 2003 and later to Boston, I believe, in 2005, we were quite under known and under recognized. Today, our presence in the market, while not dominating by any sense, is more important, and we have a very strong reputation for high-quality client service in the Northeast and the mid-Atlantic that we might not have had at the beginning of last decade. So I think reputationally, we're better positioned. Having said that, these new offices take a while to become profitable. So while I wouldn't expect the incremental expense run rate to be too significant, it does, absent an acquisition, take several years to become profitable.
William Morrison: Yes, there are. We think that the impact of the Illinois state corporate tax rate will affect us in 2 ways. One, and this is reflected in the first quarter, there's a $3.4 million adjustment to deferred tax liability. And then for each of the 4 quarters of this year, we're looking for a $1 million incremental tax liability. So in quarter, $4.4 million, $3.4 million which would not be recurring. And then going forward, another $1 million a quarter.
William Morrison: I think the answer to that is yes because historically, we've maintained the company at well above well-capitalized level. And I think we want to do that into the future for, among other reasons, the fact that while our capital is very high on a percentage basis, on an absolute dollar basis, it isn't that high relative to some of the peer banks that we compete with. So I think it's important to both keep the ratio high and the dollar amount, particularly of common equity, reasonably high. Let me make a comment, though, about where we are on the issue of capital management. It may not be clear to all of you. While we are not one of the 19 so-called scab [ph] banks, we are the next bank. We are the 20th on the list. And we're actually in a unique peer group. I believe we're in a peer group of 1, being a Basel II bank and not being a scab [ph] Bank. So while we have not filed or followed exactly the timelines that the Fed has set for the scab [ph] banks in terms of filing capital plans and certain other things, we are doing the same things. And we did file, after our Board meeting in February, a 2-year capital plan which then covered all of our planned capital actions with the Fed in late February. And we're waiting to hear the Fed's comments on that plan now. So my point is that capital management and capital actions are not simply something that we are controlling at the present time. We've had pretty good cooperation from our principal regulator. But at some point, we do need to have agreement between the company and our principal regulator about what an appropriate level of capital is going forward. And I'm sure we will, but at this point, we don't.
William Morrison: I don't think so. But keep in mind that our practice in this area is to reinvest in common currency. So, for instance, if we get Australian dollars, we buy something on the asset side in Australian dollars. So we don't take currency risk on client deposits, one. Two, relative to the client expectations in this business, we need to keep that money quite liquid. Three, the growth in our balance sheet, and you have the balance sheet in our press release and in our trend report, has been pretty significant here in the last quarter. And particularly at the quarter end period, it's well north of $9 billion. And almost all of that growth is from our non-U.S. deposit base. So the business is growing at a quick rate, probably at an accelerated rate versus prior periods. And we, of course, will continue to accept our clients' deposits when they want to place their money with us. But to the question of being a little bit different in our approach on reinvesting those deposits on the asset side, we'll consider alternatives, but I don't think they'll be much different than where we are today.
William Morrison: Sure. I'm happy to say that on the Personal side, first quarter was the best quarter we've ever had when presented on a net new business basis. So good news there. And last year, as you'll remember from prior comments, was historically high as well. In the Institutional side of our business, you may recall that the fourth quarter was the best quarter we’d ever had. And again, on the same basis, net new business. And there was a -- they were a little bit softer in the first quarter in C&IS.
William Morrison: Well, thank you. Thanks, everyone. We look forward to updating you on Northern Trust's second quarter performance on July 20. Thanks. Have a good day.
