Beverly J. Fleming: Thank you, Beth. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Northern Trust Corporation's Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me on our call this morning are Mike O'Grady, Northern Trust's Chief Financial Officer; and Jane Karpinski, our Controller. For those of you who did not receive our second quarter earnings press release or financial trends report via e-mail this morning, they are both available on our website at northerntrust.com. In addition and also on our website, you will find our quarterly earnings review presentation, which we will use to guide today's conference call. This July 17 call is being webcast live on northerntrust.com. The only authorized rebroadcast of this call is the replay that will be available through August 15. Northern Trust disclaims any continuing accuracy of the information provided in this call after today. Now for our Safe Harbor statement. What we say during today's conference call may include forward-looking statements which are Northern Trust's current estimates and expectations of future events or future results. Actual results, of course, could differ materially from those indicated by these statements, because the realization of those results is subject to many risks and uncertainties. I urge you to read our 2012 Annual Report and our periodic reports to the Securities and Exchange Commission for detailed information about factors that could affect actual results. [Operator Instructions] Thank you, again, for joining us today. Let me turn the call over to Mike O'Grady.
Beverly J. Fleming: Well, share-based compensation in the quarter, if you're looking at the year-over-year, so we had share-based compensation was...
Beverly J. Fleming: Well, thank you, very much, for joining us today, and we look forward to speaking with you when we release third quarter results in mid-October. Have a good day.
Michael G. O'Grady: Okay. Let me try to answer that, Alex. So when we look at it, as I mentioned and I think you were headed there, we're looking at the growth in our fees. And for the first half of 2013, our fees grew about 9%. Now again, some of that has been benefited by the positive equity markets, but the remainder of that has been through additional growth, new business, organic growth. And at the same time, we've grown total expenses basically this year at a little over 1%. So that type of growth on the fee side relative to what I would consider pretty modest growth on the expense side is the type of productivity where we think we have the ability to control it. Now outside of the fees, so foreign exchange, net interest income, we certainly look to maximize those revenues as well within the environment. But those revenue streams have less in the way of marginal or incremental costs associated with them. So that's how we've been driving these initiatives. Now even with that said, Alex, we have been successful in executing on the Driving Performance initiative so far this year. We'll certainly be running through the tape on those through the end of the year. But we plan to continue to look for and add new initiatives that will play through in 2014 and beyond and are already in the process of beginning a number of those initiatives. So we look at the opportunity to improve the margins and the overall profitability of the business to just continue as we go forward. What we can't control is interest rates, market volatility, et cetera. And yet to the extent that improves, we think that the bottom line will benefit proportionately.
Michael G. O'Grady: Yes, our objective would be that they go up. Because our objective is to continue to grow the business organically, markets aside, and to not allow our expense growth to exceed that.
Michael G. O'Grady: 9 Yes. I think you described the situation well, Luke. And this is something that we began to respond to quite a while ago within the business and are beginning to see the benefit of that. And what it is primarily, is first of all, really looking to expand the client base in which we do FX with. So as you mentioned, traditionally our business has been focused on almost exclusively our custody clients. And what we've been attempting to do is expand that to more third party. There are a number of our clients, for example, in the Global Fund Services business, where we're their fund administrator, but we may not be their custodian. And yet, we haven't been doing much in the way of FX with that client base. So that when I say a third party, it's not necessarily institutions that we don't have relationships with. It's just that we haven't been transacting foreign exchange with them. So that is the primary area that we've been focused on. Now, there are some resource requirements around that, which we've been making, both in the way of the systems and platforms around that, which we continue to further enhance what we have. And then also with regard to client service, so that if we're going to cover a broader set of clients, we need people to do that and those people are on board. And then finally, it's a whole new set of counterparties that we're dealing with. And so we need to make sure that we've underwritten the additional counterparties in a way that we're comfortable with. So all of this work well underway. And as I mentioned, just beginning to see the benefit of it. Such that a quarter like this, the 20% improvement that you saw is almost exclusively from the benefit of the markets. But going forward, we would expect to also have the benefit from these initiatives on that front.
Michael G. O'Grady: Yes. Clearly, there are developments on that front and the regulation around that. And we do believe that it could have an impact on the business. And there are a number of things that can impact that business, as well as others. But I would say at this point, we don't have any particular insight as to the direction. Frankly, we were pleased with the level of activity in the second quarter here. As you saw, it was up significantly, obviously, from the previous quarter, but also relatively consistent with where we were a year ago, which in our minds just demonstrates, at least from a client perspective, the level of engagement and activity we've had has not diminished.
Michael G. O'Grady: Yes. Clearly, with some of the most recently proposed rules around the supplemental leverage ratio, they've created a line of delineation between the 8 largest banks and ourselves and other banks. And I did mention our supplemental leverage ratio at 5.5%. So again, even on a fully phased-in basis, we would be above even that 5% level at the holdco. So we feel very well positioned for that, Howard. As for as, does that difference create a competitive advantage for us? I don't necessarily think so. We don't look at that as some type of capital arbitrage that's been created because it's important for us to have strong capitalization, both as we determine it internally, but also in a way that compares favorably with our competitors. And so we're observant not only of those regulations that apply directly to us, but also those that apply to the industry.
Michael G. O'Grady: Sure. So on net interest margin, we certainly can't necessarily say it's a floor because as much as the majority of our balance sheet is either floating rate or very short duration, there are still parts of the portfolio, and both the securities portfolio and the loan portfolio, that roll off over time. And as we originate new loans, they come on at the current rates. Which even the long-term rates with recent move, are lower than some of the longer-term rates where they were historically. So we can't say that we're at the lowest level. Having said that, we've seen the longer end of the curve move up. To the extent that, that eventually moves down to the shorter end, we would certainly benefit much more given the nature of our balance sheet.
Michael G. O'Grady: So I think that you've described the environment well and what's occurred. And yet I would say, so far, that's actually met up with our expectations. And what I mean by that is, the environment that we were in before was more conservative, if you will, from our client's perspective. And so they were placing more deposits with us. And as a result, our deposit levels went up. And what we've seen more recently here is a greater comfort level to deploy those deposits. And so whether that's into some of our funds, or frankly in certain cases with either the corporate or particularly some of our largest wealth clients, they deploy that into businesses that they may have and other activities. And we saw some of that here in the second quarter. So it definitely is not something that we look to move one direction or the other. It's up to our client's preferences as to how they want to deploy their liquidity. And basically, we want to be able to work with them to do that. And that's what we've seen over the last several quarters.
Michael G. O'Grady: Yes. So I think you somewhat asked your question and began to answer it there as well, which is as we see the mix of our assets under management on the institutional side change and evolve over time, that is impacting the average fee that we earn on those assets that we're managing. And as you've mentioned, we've been very successful in growing our index business, in particular our equity index business. And as a result, we've seen the average fee come down. So even looking year-over-year at the strong growth, I believe that our assets under management on the C&IS side was up over $80 billion. And over $60 billion of that was in equity and most of that is equity index, both as a result of the market, as well as new business. And that brought down the average fee. So again, we saw greater growth in the AUM level than we did in the fee level. And then you also mentioned in there the fact that we had higher money market fund fee waivers, which also brought that growth down a little bit.
Michael G. O'Grady: Sure. So on the premium amortization, our mortgage-backed portfolio is about $5 billion, or at least securities that relate to having premium is about $5 billion. And as I mentioned in the note there, we had greater premium amortization in the time period. It was $15 million in the second quarter, which compared to $7 million last quarter. And that was the result of prepayment speeds. The methodology we use is a 3-month trailing average.
Michael G. O'Grady: Yes. And so as you can imagine, with the activity in the quarter, that reduced the -- or increased speeds reduced the estimated lives and, therefore, the amount of amortization went up. So based on your view now with rates going up, what the implications could be there. We'll have to see how it plays out. But we have $94 million of premium at this point on that portfolio and the average life is a little bit under 4 years. So that's, essentially, the rate that we have and the amount that would ultimately go through.
Michael G. O'Grady: Yes. The yields that we reinvested in the quarter were just about on top of what the average yield was for the portfolio. So we're at 75 basis points and we came in just a little bit higher with our reinvestments in the portfolio. And I would say, the mix of securities, largely are the same. We do look across the categories that we have and from time-to-time we have more opportunity. But really what we're trying to do is, beyond making sure that we have the best credit quality, is looking to maintain right now the duration in about the same place that we've been. So last quarter we were a little over 1 year in index duration and we are at this point as well. So we've maintained about the same duration, same credit quality. And that's why to the extent that rates do move up, we're likely to benefit.
Michael G. O'Grady: Sure. When we look at share repurchase, we take into account a number of factors. First, certainly, is our capital position and determine if we have the capital both for our current needs and our anticipated needs. Second is our authorizations, whether that's from the board or it's our capital plan. And you mentioned, we still have plenty of capacity there and our capital position is very strong. And then third, we look at the return that we would expect to get relative to other opportunities we may have, whether that's acquisitions or others things. And then finally, we look at the market price, which fluctuates day-to-day. And our objective, of course, is to buy back as many shares as we can with that authorization that we have. So taking that all into account, as you mentioned, we repurchased about $15 million in the quarter and we still have the $385 million in capacity. And certainly, our intent to distribute that to shareholders, one way or the other.
Michael G. O'Grady: Your math is correct, Mike. And we'll count it when it's in the bank, but we have every expectation, yes, to hit that number and to exceed it.
Michael G. O'Grady: That's right. We've been doing it internally here as a in-year benefit. But on a run rate, yes, we're already exceeding that level. And there's nothing about the $65 million, Mike, that we would expect that it goes down. These are recurring benefits.
Michael G. O'Grady: Not on the margin per se. We are looking to increase that margin. But as you know, the nature of some of our revenues, such as spread income or FX, is that the margins on those are much higher and yet our ability to determine or control those levels is also less. And so that has a significant effect on the margin. So where we've been focused on is the expenses relative to our fees. And we've continued to drive that down and we did again this quarter, with the objective that to the extent we can do that, that not only will it make us more profitable, if nothing else changes. But to the extent that the environment gets better that, that will drop to the pretax margin that you talked about.
Michael G. O'Grady: We don't have a set margin or a set ratio other than to continually improve on that. So we've brought that down from the from the mid-120s, down to this quarter, it was at 111%. It's not going to go down every single quarter lockstep. But certainly over time, that, that is what we're looking to continue to move down. What you're balancing that with, of course, is we also want to continue to invest in the business. So it's being able to create additional Driving Performance opportunities that create capacity for us to invest in the business. And it's that balancing going forward, but it's not a set number or a target ratio.
Michael G. O'Grady: Sure. So as far as the growth, I would say that it's been consistent across the businesses. So within the personal business, PFS, we continue to have very healthy growth there. The second quarter was another good quarter for us. And I would say that in addition to it being in each of the regions, our Global Family Office, part of the business saw particularly strong growth in the quarter. So again, very good. That would be an area that I would highlight where we're servicing the largest of our clients there. On the C&IS front, again, there's a number of businesses within that, that are also doing well. I talked about expanding into Frankfurt. That's our investment outsourcing business. So continued growth there. We also had some clients that we've talked about that have been in the transitioning phase, which came on board during the quarter. So that helped the growth specifically quarter-over-quarter in that line of business. We've also continued to be very successful in the health care and not-for-profit area. You've seen some of the announcements there as well. We've added Emory University and we've added some others in that space, as well, and have had just a very high hit rate in that space. And then certainly, in thinking about core custody and admin business, the ATP win outside of the U.S. there is a very large new mandate for us at over $100 billion. So very broad based. In previous quarters, we talked about Hedge Fund Services doing very well. That continues to grow, I would say, at basically the same pace that it has before. And we expect that to continue. That will experience some lumpiness in the growth in the sense that a lot of the new business there can be midsized firms and then we can have very large new clients, like Bridgewater, which we've previously announced. But it's not in the numbers now and doesn't come in until next year. So relatively broad based at this point is the way I would characterize it across the businesses. And I failed to mention, but on the asset management front, institutionally, also have been successful in the quarter here. I talked a little bit earlier in the call about a number of the wins we've had in the indexing business, particularly the equity indexing side. So continued momentum on that front as well. And then I think your second question was around expenses and how to think about that. It's something where if we win an ATP, as an example, there are more people that we need to hire to service that business. That's different than some of the other areas where I would say that the growth is more leverageable, if you will. So as we win new business in PFS, for every new client, we're not adding new individuals on that front. And that's why with some of the headcount growth you've seen, you've seen more on the C&IS side than you've seen on the PFS side. So that gives you some idea as to what happens with the people. As far as some of the other expense categories, we mentioned what we're doing -- excuse me, in Florida with regard to our headquarters. Which that's -- again, it's nice that we're able to sell that property for a nice gain. And we're going to move into some very nice space down in Miami. But there'll be some incremental cost that goes with that. As you know, we expanded into Washington, D.C. recently. There's the investment for that. And when we expand into a Frankfurt or we open up an office in Saudi Arabia, those all are investments in the sense of expenses that come online as a part of that. So and then I would be remiss on the investment side without talking about technology, where our technology spend will continue to be healthy and it's very much related to the business growth and being able to serve these clients. It's important that, not only on the client front are we able to provide mobile applications and things like that, but that we also are spending on the infrastructure side to be able to have strong, stable systems to service the clients, as well as have high levels of security in the environment that we're in right now. So hopefully that gives you a little more color on where the incremental expense growth comes from.
Michael G. O'Grady: Yes, there definitely is, going forward. I mean, we've had the balance between -- in Driving Performance between revenue and expense at about 40% revenue, 60% expense, which we've been pleased that, that balance has held up. And going forward, whether it's exactly that same proportions, not clear, but all the same initiatives on both of the fronts. And with regard to the revenue side, as I mentioned, with PFS, we have had further improvements there. And that was less with a across-the-board change in our fee structure, which we did going back to the beginning of this program, but it's more around specific areas and specific relationships where we have different discounting practices. And we've been able to better align, as we've talked about, the value proposition that we're delivering with the fees on a more granular level with our clients. And then with C&IS, I would say, as I mentioned, again, we saw the benefit of some of the early work that was done in trying to align certain relationships where the economics or the financials did not match up with the level of service that we were providing. And frankly, that's been a good exercise as we've gone through it because I think it helps -- beyond the financial impact, it helps with the client relation aspect of it, to make sure that we are providing services that they want. And that when they appreciate that level, I think, they're more inclined to pay for it. So we expect to continue -- that's an ongoing process as we go through the various relationships because in this business, none of it is static, and so you have to constantly do it.
Michael G. O'Grady: Sure. You are correct. And that is something that has been sluggish on the lending side, not due to lack of effort and focus on our part there because we do believe that there's an opportunity and much of it is going to be based on the market demand and need for that. We are more and more -- excuse me, on the PFS side, looking to tailor our lending to our core client base. And so there will be some transition as a result of that. And what I mean by that is, as oppose to on the mortgage front, for example, looking to lend to a very broad market or audience. We're very focused on those clients that are or will be investment management clients and be able to take advantage of the full suite of services. So that further narrowing in could cause some decrease in the near term for us. But longer term, we not only think that there's growth, but we think that the overall client relationships will be that much more profitable for us. And it's not with -- the PFS side, it is definitely not just with mortgages as well. I mean, we are looking and have been looking to lend to our clients across their needs. And the client base that we go off of have much broader borrowing needs beyond just mortgages, but certainly for businesses that they own and other needs that they may have. And then on the C&IS side, I would say, likewise, we look to offer a complete set of products and services for our client base. And really on that front, it has more to do with their ultimate demand and the utilization of the facilities that we do provide them. And frankly, with the economy growing at the slow pace that it has, we just haven't seen the pickup on the demand side at this point.
Michael G. O'Grady: Yes. So the growth, as you mentioned, has been very strong. So we were over $5 billion in assets in that category and that is after basically 1.5 years from the launch. So it's one of the fastest-growing ETF families of funds. And the growth has come from a number of sources. Definitely, a significant contributor to that is our current PFS client base, but it also very much is balanced with new clients to Northern. And those new clients, at this point, have been mostly personal clients as opposed to institutional. But it is a part of the investment management product offering for our institutional clients. So it is different sources. But so far, it's been mostly existing clients and then new personal clients to Northern.
Michael G. O'Grady: Yes. So I think you're correct on the impact of the prepayment speeds. A pretty significant impact on the portfolio, approximately 10 basis points just on the securities portfolio on a sequential basis. So meaningful. And to the extent, yes, that it goes the other way, we will see that impact. We use a constant yield methodology. So to the extent that the lives are shortened or extended, we have to make the adjustment in order to remain on that constant yield. And as far as the portfolio, overall, as I mentioned earlier, we're little over 1 year in that index duration. And you're correct that we've been reticent to do too much when rates are at very, very low levels. But it's certainly something as we see the longer end of the curve move up, it's something that we watch closely because it has provided opportunities for us to be able to add at higher yields than where we were adding. So very much an opportunistic strategy that fits within the broader parameters that we have for managing that conservative portfolio.
Michael G. O'Grady: We did see, as you mentioned, higher level of consulting expenses in the quarter. And because of this transition, which I think is a fair characterization, where we have been a CapPR bank, we are now a CCAR bank or our capital plan will be under the CCAR framework. That has definitely caused an increase in the requirements on our side, both ongoing requirements in the sense of hiring additional internal resources, but also external resources. And to your point, difficult to determine which of those are permanent or ongoing. But there's no question that we are in this transition period. I just can't predict whether there will be future transition periods. But this year, there's no question that there are a number of either transitions like that or first-time projects, like resolution planning, that just didn't exist in the past, but require both internal and external resources.
Michael G. O'Grady: Yes. And your observation is consistent with some changes in our compensation. Whereas previously, there was a greater proportion of the share-based compensation that was in options. And as a result, when we had the first quarter, there's a higher level of expense related to options to retirement eligible employees. This more recent year, we've had a lower proportion of that share-based compensation in options. And as a result, the first quarter level was less, and therefore the step down to the second quarter was less. So it creates about a $5 million difference.
Michael G. O'Grady: Yes. I would say it's consistent with what we would normally see. As our history has demonstrated, we are very selective on acquisitions. But from time-to-time, there are opportunities for us to acquire strategic businesses or capabilities. And I would say, we continue to see on -- with all of our businesses, meaning, PFS, C&IS, as well as on the asset management front, various opportunities, not necessarily significant in size, but potentially interesting to us that to the extent that they can be both strategically attractive after we've done due diligence and we can acquire them at a price that is financially attractive, that we would consider proceeding on.
Michael G. O'Grady: Yes. We're -- as far as the buybacks, I mentioned the framework with which we think about those. And as a result, that does not result in a consistent level of repurchases, either week-by-week, month-by-month or quarter-by-quarter. And it's something that -- our objective if we are going to repurchase stock, as I mentioned, is to buy more stock when we perceive the price to be lower and less when we perceive it to be higher. So it really is, it's about buying more shares in with the total amount that we have to deploy. And so that has not changed and that will still be our objective going forward here.
Michael G. O'Grady: Yes, well, ultimately, one of the things, Andrew, that changed between the proposed rule and the final rule was the application of buffer requirements. Previously under the proposed rule, there were no buffers that were added to the standardized ratio in determining capital adequacy. So at that point, for example, as long as your standardized was above 4.4% Tier 1 common, then to determine your adequacy relative to buffers, you would look at your advanced ratio if you were an advanced approach bank, which we were. With the final rule, they're applying the buffers to both standardized and advanced. And so you need to look at both of those ratios and use the lower of the 2. And so that's why we thought it appropriate in this call to give you both ratios. As far as the constraining factor or limit, that is a very difficult -- it's not that it's a difficult question, it's just that it changes over time based on any number of things. Because the ratios are calculated, as you know, in very different ways. The numerator side of the equation, you have 3 different determinants for what's in the numerator, whether it's common or Tier 1 or total capital. And then now we have 3 different methodologies for determining the assets or the denominator. And importantly, those 3 different ways, so whether it's leverage or it's standardized approach or advanced approach, is impact -- first of all, they're calculated in different ways, but then they're impacted by different types of risks. And so at any point in time, you could theoretically have a different constraint. So our approach is very much looking at all of those combinations to ensure that we're comfortable with our capital levels. And needless to say, we are very comfortable with all of the ratios at this point in time.
Michael G. O'Grady: Yes. I mean, I would certainly say, as the rules get finalized, that it helps us move forward with looking at the various ratios. But given what I just laid out there for that framework, there is no single ratio by which we say this is our single target ratio. But rather for each of those that we go through, we determine what is the required level and then we determine levels above each of those at which we would want to maintain our capital. And at this point, again, we're above all of those such that we have the opportunity to deploy capital either in new investments or to return capital, which we're doing. And I would say nothing in the final rules really change significantly such that we feel differently about our actual position.
Michael G. O'Grady: Yes, I think you're right, Andrew. Which is, we do track what the impact has been. And at this quarter's level, we're over 5.5% or 550 basis points plus benefit to the margin relative to where we were. And again, that analysis is done on an all-else-equal basis. Obviously, not everything else has been equal. And we don't need to go through some of the environmental factors that have actually worsened during that time period. And certain things have been better, like equity markets. But the net impact of that has been a drag over that time period. Our objective is to make sure that not only do we hold what we have achieved here, but that we continue to improve on that. And that's a combination of both approach, generally speaking, but it's also making sure that we are planning for and executing on specific initiatives, like we have over the last 1.5 years.
Michael G. O'Grady: Yes, I mean, I look at whether, Andrew, it's the quarter or year-to-date. Even in this environment where year-over-year for the second quarter, with the lowest level of net interest income in over 5 years, as I mentioned, causing us to have net interest income down 14% and creating a drag on revenue such that revenues are only up 3% and yet we can still generate positive operating leverage as a result of all the things we just talked about, I feel pretty good about that.
Michael G. O'Grady: As you mentioned, ultimately, the board has to determine all of our capital actions. But depending on the circumstances, we'd certainly consider other means of returning capital to shareholders. Special dividend is one of those alternatives. With the capital plan that we submitted, that was not a specific component of it. But again, things change over time and we're constantly looking at ways to either deploy the capital, as we've talked about, or return it to shareholders through various means, be they share repurchase, dividends or something like a special dividend.
Michael G. O'Grady: Yes. It really isn't in any one particular area. And the reason why I say that is, we feel good, as you can imagine, about our competitive position within each of the businesses. And it's really a matter of, are there areas where we can create new opportunities by being in a new geography, for example, or gaining a capability that we didn't have. And as oppose to speculating on different things that would be of interest to us, I think if you looked at some of the deals that we've done, they give an indication of the types of things that we would be interested in going forward, frankly. So in HFS, which was largely through the Omnium acquisition, is a perfect example of our ability to gain a technology and a capability, really, within the hedge fund administration that is part of the broader set of services that we're offering. So there's a lot more. You can look at the BoISS acquisition where it enabled us to grow further and faster in a part of the world, in Ireland, that we previously didn't have. So I would think about it the same way. And it is with each of the businesses. So we haven't done a lot of acquisitions in, for example, PFS. That doesn't mean that we don't look at opportunities, it just means that the screen is very tight.
Vivek Juneja: A couple of questions, Mike. One, how much was the stock option expense in the first quarter? And how much was it this quarter? So just looking at comp excluding that.
Vivek Juneja: No, I'm looking at linked quarter, meaning, first quarter versus second quarter, because that tends to be higher in the first quarter.
Vivek Juneja: Okay. So nothing different? Because I'm trying to still understand why the buyback was so slow this quarter. If there wasn't an uptick in, at least the opportunities to look at, because at least if you start to see more stuff, that makes you want to hold back for that. But given that you're not seeing that, your balance sheet growth isn't accelerating, I'm sort of still struggling with why the buyback was so soft.
