Michael O’Grady: Yes. But it’s -- I think it’s a very reasonable way to frame looking out further into the year. And you're right, for us to say full year numbers at this point, it's just too early, but it is good to think about how the assets and liabilities are going to react with looming rate cuts. And I think it's helpful to think back on how the impact in NIM occurred with rates rising. Initially it was very different than what happened eventually when betas were much higher. And I think on the way down, we might have a similar situation where the first cuts may be different than the later ones. And two things jump out in my mind. One is, we have never tried to be a price setter in deposits. Our goal has always been keep the deposits in the house, and we were very aggressive at following what we saw market pricing was. And the second thing is that, as we get these initial cuts, I could -- we could see the market reacting in a way to keep deposit costs, deposit yields for clients higher to hold onto deposits. And so, I think initially it might be tougher than what happens eventually. Now, all that said, volumes matter a lot, and it's obviously been extremely hard for us to predict where volumes were going to go. And we saw October better than we anticipated, November was better than October, December was better than November. And so, volumes are going to be critical in what happens in the first half of the year. And it's just super hard to predict.
Michael O’Grady: I would agree with what Jason said there and just as there was a transition on the way up with QE, there's going to be a transition on the way down. Unchartered territory for everyone on QT and how they go about that and when they might stop, more aggressively seeing their portfolio come down. So I think that the timing of that will matter. And then also we saw with client behavior that -- as rates went up, more of the liquidity moved into treasury and that had an impact on it and as we come down, I think over time a lot of the fund that moved into treasuries will start to move into other alternative. And as Jason said, our objective is to work with the client and really try to meet any of those needs and keep the dollars in the house.
Michael O’Grady: We do it in three buckets, and if you just take cash, obviously, 100% of that, the second loans in roughly three quarters are rate sensitive. And you think about the securities portfolio, and I'll give you two numbers to play with. One is, the duration is meaningful at now about [18] (ph), but also just the weighted average maturity of the portfolio, I think, is also helpful, which is a little under four years. And we quote this balance -- the duration of the balance sheet, that's just us doing a weighted average across those effectively just to give a sense of the impact of the large size of the cash component and the large floating component of the loan book.
Michael O’Grady: Yes, it's on our mind a lot and as we're talking about it and we have brought the duration down. And one of the benefits of that is that, it does make it just a lot more flexible, because the markets have been really dynamic. And so, there will come a time when I -- I anticipate where we would say it's time to step out a little bit, our bias over the last year has obviously been to go shorter, and that's played out. I think rates have -- the way rates have played out, we had a view, and not materially, but it worked in our favor. But from here, I think we do have to think about. And it's not locking in as much as just taking the downside risk off the table of a dramatic reduction in rates. And so, there's some component there that we'd say we can naturally hedge against.
Michael O’Grady: Yeah, Mike, so I'll address that. We believe that the alternative space, or broadly speaking, just private markets, is a major opportunity for us on the asset servicing side and that largely follows with what's happening in the marketplace from an investor perspective. And so, we expect that market to grow and we think we have the value proposition that is compelling within that. You heard in my comments earlier that we recently won a very large mandate with one of the large private market firms and it was after an exhaustive process that we went through to win that business. Very capabilities oriented, very global as to the capabilities necessary and the footprint necessary to do it. So again, it's an area of focus for us and one where we think we're going to be able to continue to grow as the market grows and as we're able to take share.
Michael O’Grady: Sure, Jim, it's Mike. I'll start off here. You're absolutely right. We've gone through, I would say, a time period where the organic growth is definitely been strained and lower than our historical levels and there's a number of factors behind that that we've talked about over the proceeding earnings calls. That relate to client activity, that relate to some of the outflows that we had in the asset management business which obviously impact then wealth management and asset servicing and the reason why we're so positive going forward here on organic growth, some of those trends as we talked about have turned around. And so we see good inflows into asset management. So that aspect of it is a lift going forward to our organic growth, but then also the strategies that we have in place to drive profitable organic growth. Where we've been focused as a company is in a couple areas. There are a few areas. One is, really looking at the portfolio of our growth. So historically, asset servicing has been the majority of the organic growth. And looking forward, we're looking to shift that more towards the more scalable parts of our business. So wealth management and asset management. That doesn't mean that the asset servicing business will not be growing. It's just -- we're very focused within that business to the areas that scale the most. So if you think about the nature of all the things we do for clients on that front, some of those activities are more scalable, more profitable than others. And so we'll lean towards those areas I mentioned. The success we've had with asset owners in the Americas, a lot of that is custody and related services on that front. That's some of the more scalable services that we have. And it's, again, not to say that we won't be doing the business with the asset managers, so fund services, but some of those areas are more resource intensive. And so, we're going to be really disciplined about the types of business that we take in that require hiring more people, investing more, in particular, technologies around that. And then the last thing I would say just around the organic growth and why we're optimistic on it is, the businesses are working, I would say, much more closely together in how we go to market. So as we would call it here, one Northern Trust is our approach to the marketplace. So it's not separate businesses, but rather to the extent that we're going to approach a client or a prospect to work with them, it's going to include multiple offering from across the businesses, particularly asset management with asset servicing on the front end as part of a bundle that were offering to the clients. And then certainly with wealth management as well. You heard in some of our earlier comments here the advisory fee component of wealth management has been growing nicely through the year. We think that it can grow at a higher rate, but importantly the more that we can do on the product side with those clients as well. So as we talk about the transitioning with quantitative tightening for example and the move out of short-term treasury to the extent that we can help those clients move into fixed income funds for example. That's a real opportunity for us. So a number of things that we're doing to proactively try to drive that organic growth.
Michael O’Grady: So I agree with Jason said. Just to add to your point, we’re outside of our range on expense to trust fee ratio. So we're trying to drive that into the range. And so, as Jason is indicating, we're leaning towards trying to get into that range sooner rather than later.
Michael O’Grady: Yes, I'll start and then Jason, you can fill it out. But first of all, I just think you need to take into account that we are compensated sometimes on the asset level sometimes on the transaction levels and transaction volumes were lower during the year, so that drove some of the weakness in the custody fees there. From a pricing perspective I would say nothing in particular as far as the competitive environment that is driving custody pricing to much lower levels if you will, I would say, it's relatively stable on the pricing front there.
Michael O’Grady: You're right to call it, GFO had a lower -- much lower growth rate than it has over the last couple of years. It's been -- the last couple of years have been excellent for that business. And this year was weaker, but we always talk about the fact that is the spikiest business that we have. Very small number of client activity can lead to meaningful change and it's also one of the businesses where what happens underneath from an investment management perspective can have a meaningful impact on how the business is doing. But we've actually invested heavily in that business. They've got a lot of accomplishments in technology and some of the things that they have done with their wealth passport, their overall technology platform, we feel is industry leading. It is industry leading just the way that they are now interacting with clients from that platform perspective, what clients are able to do with multiple accounts and reporting and client asset movement, all coming in -- a lot of -- and it's all cloud enabled, is what we've done recently. And so, this highly -- at the market leading from our view in terms of what we're doing. And we're continuing to invest in that business from a technology perspective. So there's more coming, which makes us feel very optimistic about what that business is going to do over the next couple of years.
Jason Tyler: Yes, you're right to call out that there is a lift, the launch point is higher coming into the year. And I don't know if I'd say meaningful, but it's definitely higher. And the lag effects will help us as we walk into the year. And so, that's the math of it. But then more strategically, we do feel positive about the pipeline in both asset servicing and in wealth management. And underneath both businesses, our asset management business is incredibly important. And as Mike mentioned in his commentary, there's some early signs of flows back in. And we always think just as we do on deposits, just keep the money in the house, keep the client assets in the house, but if our asset management business does better, then, that helps as well. And so I think the strategic component is also we're feeling early signs of some positive movement from an organic perspective.
Jason Tyler: Yes, I'll start and Mike may have thoughts too, because we talk about this a lot and it's more predictive than it is quantitatively spitting out results, frankly. But you're right that -- my sense is that, the RRP program had a really significant impact on deposits. And it was effectively competing with banks for deposits, and now that it's come down, I do think that that's been a help. Now, from here is different, and I think we have to think about the fact that rate movements are going to also have an impact on how clients think about deposits. And with the deposit cost having gone up so much in the second half of the year, again, that had a big impact on deposit costs and client behavior. Could see that having an impact this year is rates come down. And so, I think it's not just the RRP program but how clients think about instead of 5% rates how they think about 3% rates and comparing that to maybe more of a risk on trade. And so, I think we've got to think both about the program and the rate environment.
Jason Tyler: So confirm, the 2024 -- the 2023 number we think of is 5%, just a little bit less than that, right at about 4.8%. And we are working from a base in 2023 of 5.1%. And probably worthwhile to invest a minute and just explain, because you're right, there have been a few things. So if you walk the reported [52.84] (ph) and then you take out in the year severance-related charges with two occupancy charges that totaled about 13. There was that client capability write-off we mentioned in second quarter, 26, FDIC Special Assessment 85, and then there is a small equipment credit of $4 million in the third quarter that we mentioned as well. And the severance-related charge in Q2 is $39 million, just to make sure I give you the numbers on everything. And so, let's work with -- that tells us we'd work from a base of 5.1%.
Jason Tyler: It's not a floor, but it does give you a sense of what's already in the 2024 base from which we're working. And so, we've got to use productivity to get aggressively at that. Some of our productivity work is already reflected in that, but we've got to do more this year. And I just want -- we wanted to be super transparent in the things that we already know that are in the 2024 increase, so that you guys can predict what that level is.
Jason Tyler: My observation in looking at it is that, it's less percentage driven and more what is that base. And the reason I mention that was, a lot of that NIB, it comes from one of the channels in our institutional business. And it actually performed better than the rest of the institutional business in looking at it over the last few weeks. And so, it just tells me that that client, that sub-client channel behaves on its own. And it looks like that has flattened out somewhat, not necessarily calling it a plateau at this point, but it certainly behaved a little bit better than the rest of the institutional book. And another component is the wealth book which -- that deposit base increased in the quarter, it was not dramatically, but it was nice to see that up on average And, obviously, we saw overall the whole deposit book very flat, but nice to see that the wealth book doing well. Because even though the non-interest bearing is obviously highly attractive economically, the wealth deposits are very attractive as well. Not at zero, but they're very attractive and that component did well on the quarter.
Jason Tyler: Sure. So you're right in the tee-up of the numbers, there's obviously room. We did a fair amount of buybacks in the quarter, a little bit more than we do on average, and we're always looking at that relative to other opportunities we have to invest capital. And so, in the near term, we're thinking about does it make more sense to invest in RWA effectively to say we could grow the loan book more, we could do more in FX, we could do more in sec lending or do we want to reposition the -- take a different repositioning in the securities portfolio. The repositioning to be did this year were all helpful to capital, because in going shorter we -- and out of non-HQLA into HQLA on that, those are all helpful to capital. But you also know how closely we look at peers and we take pride in the capital levels we have. We think it's part of our financial model and our business model and talking to clients and being able to evidence to them how strong the capital base is. And so, there's definitely room, but we also got to have in mind that Basel Endgame, which you referenced briefly, it's still unclear. We did do a comment letter, which you referenced, but it's unclear what the impacts are going to be. We think we're in good position relative to peers, but want to keep an eye on that. But we'll also think about additional stock repurchases as we always do, given alternatives we have.
Jason Tyler: Yes, so just for people who don't follow it as closely, we own just over 4 million Visa B shares, and the current exchange rate show that translates to about $1.7 billion. And there's a proposal that it can be voted on next week I think that would enable the B shareholders to monetize half of the holdings. So what are we planning to do? One, at this point, there's nothing to do. The proposal is still outstanding, and we've got to wait and see what the shareholder vote looks like. Even assuming it passes, there are timing restrictions to it. But that said, this is not a strategic asset for Northern Trust. And so, you should read into that. It's not something that we're saying we're going to hold on to beyond what the restrictions would enable us to do. And we're discussing all the options. There's likely going to be a combination of a few tools that we'll take, but early to give details on that at this point.
Jason Tyler: Yes, so you broke up a tiny bit, but I think I'm following where you are, but don't hesitate to tell me if I miss it. So the November repositioning helped in the quarter by, call it, $6 million, but that should be helpful going forward to the tune of -- in the neighborhood of $15 million a quarter. The January repositioning, which we mentioned for the first time a little while ago, that should help in the quarter about 15 -- round number is about $15 million a quarter.
Jason Tyler: Yeah. So a couple things. One, confirm your numbers are right on first quarter and the step up. Remember, both of those are fully seasonal, Brian, so the step up in first quarter just because that's when -- that's the booking of our retirement eligible equity grants. And so that in and of itself is represents the vast majority of that step up and then similarly we've got a higher payroll tax in first quarter, just as we hit the caps on that level. But both of those numbers come back down for second, third, fourth quarter. That said, second quarter, got to build in the base pay adjustments that we referenced, which is that $65 million, that will be second, third, fourth quarter. So all that said, the goal is to do better than roughly 5% we did this year. The 3% was not seen as the -- again, back to, it's not seen as a floor, but also that's a big difference to go from 5% down to 3%. And so we're using the productivity to do everything we can to get materially better than the 5%, but the fact that we're walking in with 3% already in the base is just going to make it difficult. And so, I think it's the -- And the last thing I'll mention is, for us, we're anticipating organic growth. We target -- we have organic growth targets for each of the three businesses. And we want to continue to be a growth company. That is important. And that drives some expenses in addition to expectation of what we're doing from a revenue perspective. And so it's hard to fine tune much to say is it between 3% and 5%. If we're not doing as well from an organic perspective, we're going to be working really hard to say what else do we do to make sure we're doing the right thing and we get positive operating -- fee operating leverage.
Jason Tyler: It's lags and we actually in the end fourth quarter made some agreements on pricing that will come into play in first quarter more than they did in fourth quarter and didn't drive deposit volumes higher in fourth quarter, but it is something that as we try to do more fine-tune predictions of what first quarter would look like, it's something that we factored in. We think that cost could be -- cost will be higher. And that's part of the reason why even though we ended it at $501 million and I indicated that December was better than November and October, we think we're still going to be flat to down a little bit in first quarter, largely because of that pricing element. And in general, we do -- our view is that as the Fed does reduce rates, we're going to have client conversations about it. And again, we're not a price setter, but highly committed to making sure our clients leave their deposits here.
Jason Tyler: I'll start. Mike may want to add to it. Historically, we'd say, well, we want to grow, but we have talked about ensuring that we were committed to more than absolute number in terms of the expenses and we've also committed to more scalable growth. And so we're already having conversations internally about ensuring that we’re highly disciplined on bringing on business that is scalable. And so, I think that is a change relative to how we've thought about it before where there was more of a desire to bring on business, always at attractive margin, but our commitment to scalable growth is going to be, is higher at this point. And that means that the expenses shouldn't be as volatile with anticipation or even line of sight on new business coming on that brings with it high degree of expense.
Jason Tyler: Yes, those are the scenarios we're looking at, but I come back to this theme, it's just going to depend on how well we're able to hang on to spread. And there's just been highly variable, and I think our ability to predict it just over the last couple quarters has been really hard. But I feel I feel really good about the volume that stayed in place. And so I think our approach has worked, but it makes -- it's going to make it less predictable. It's the opposite of what we just talked about on the expense side, ironically, where we're saying, we want to be more predictable in the expenses to try and get that expense to trustee ratio where we want it to be. On the deposit side, there's more flexibility and more willingness to follow where the market goes to make sure we're holding onto client assets.
Jason Tyler: And as I look at just the underlying details of how we did, I think you're leaning more toward the asset servicing business. The net new business for the year was positive. And I'm just thinking year-over-year for the quarter. And asset servicing hit its mark on net new business. The issue with the company is some of the other things happening as we get into transactions and then what we referenced earlier in our clients going through their asset levels declining. But much less of a repricing story relative to prior years and the business is winning. If we just look at their win rate in the market, it is strong. So a lot of this year the impact came from these other dynamics of lower transaction volumes and same number of clients, but less assets.
