Beverly J. Fleming: Thank you, Jennifer, and welcome to Northern Trust Corporation First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me on our call this morning are Mike O'grady, Northern Trust Chief Financial Officer; Eileen Blake, our Controller; and Allison Quaintance from our Investor Relations team. For those of you who did not receive our first quarter earnings press release or financial trends report via e-mail this morning, they are both available on our website at northerntrust.com. In addition and also on our website, you will find our quarterly earnings review presentation, which we will use to guide today's conference call. This April 17 call is being webcast live on northerntrust.com. The only authorized rebroadcast of this call is the replay that will be available through May 18. Northern Trust disclaims any continuing accuracy of the information provided in this call after today. Now for our Safe Harbor statement. What we say during today's conference call may include forward-looking statements, which are Northern Trust's current estimates and expectations of future events or future results. Actual results, of course, could differ materially from those indicated by these statements because the realization of those results is subject to many risks and uncertainties. I urge you to read our 2011 Annual Report and our periodic reports to the Securities and Exchange Commission for detailed information about factors that could affect actual results. Thank you again for joining us today. Let me turn the call over to Mike O'grady.
Beverly J. Fleming: Ken, this is Bev. That was primarily a seasonal factor related to the benefit payment [ph] business.
Beverly J. Fleming: Well, you would see it in both the fees for Wealth Management as well as the AUM for PFS overall. So it would have an impact on -- it's one of the reasons why our Wealth Management fees didn't show the growth that you might have expected and also why it's [indiscernible] AUM. So yes -- clearly, if it was moving from PFS to C&IS, it was a very meaningful account.
Beverly J. Fleming: We definitely had new business in PFS this quarter. Of course, the timing would be spread out across the quarter. But a significant portion of the AUM movement was affected by that large account that moved out of PFS and moved into C&IS.
Beverly J. Fleming: I'll take that, Dave. One thing that -- the answer is a follow-on to your previous question. With respect to private client, wealth advisory and wealth management, the segmentation in how we serve those clients has not meaningfully changed. But in the second quarter, you will see a change in our regional description. So when we issue our earnings next quarter, for example, we have consolidated our Northeast and our Southeast into the East region. We've renamed the Midwest Central, and we have the West region. So we will, next quarter, have 3 regional breakdowns for PFS. And we have renamed, effective April 1, what used to be the Wealth Management Group, into more of a family office group. So that has more to do with kind of naming and structure than it does with service model.
Beverly J. Fleming: We have not quantified what the total cost of the Northern Trust Open is, but I can tell you that for the stock option expense in the quarter, the amount that was associated with the immediate expensing to retirement-eligible employees was $5.3 million.
Beverly J. Fleming: Correct. We would get back to a normal quarterly run rate. The first quarter is typically higher because of the fact that we immediately expensed options that are issued to retirement-eligible employees.
Beverly J. Fleming: And I'd also want to remind you that the $250 million is a pretax number, which includes the revenue side of the equation as well. It's not just expenses.
Beverly J. Fleming: Thank you for joining us this morning, and we look forward to speaking to you on our second quarter earnings conference call in the middle of July. Thank you very much. Have a good day.
Michael G. O'grady: You're doing the math correctly, in that it was approximately half of the $25 million I mentioned. And I -- the majority of that has to do with the PFS initiative, but there are some other items in there also, Howard, just related to C&IS, where that process is going to take longer. And they're in the earlier days of that, but we did see some benefits in the first quarter.
Michael G. O'grady: Yes. Let me comment on both the Personal and the Institutional side. On the Personal side, I would say the evidence that this has gone well is that so far, our lost business in the quarter is at levels that's very consistent with previous quarters, which is a low level, certainly relative to the new business that we have. That's not because I -- that's because it was managed very carefully, and it did involve the relationship managers reaching out to all of our clients and explaining what we're doing on the fee front and the fact that the change in the structure of the fee is intended to give them greater transparency around the services that they're receiving, the products that they're using. So I would say that it's gone very well on that front. And with any situation, we do, even on the Personal side, take it client-by-client when there are concerns or issues. On the Institutional front, I would actually say that I -- beyond just going well in the early days, that it really has enriched the dialogue with a number of our clients because it's something where it's caused both us and the clients to sit down and talk about the status of the relationship and, frankly, how their needs have changed over a number of years where we've been servicing them, and different things that we can do for them. So again, early days on that, but there's a tremendous amount of preparation that has gone into these individual meetings that are happening, so that they are very comprehensive when they happen.
Michael G. O'grady: Sure. So on the capital plan, as we all know, this is an evolving process with the banks and with the Federal Reserve. And certainly, our objective was to put together a capital plan that we felt that was providing capital return to our shareholders and was a capital plan also that would be not objected to by the Fed. And given that there's a lack of history there and knowing the nature of the process here -- it's either object or not object, it was very important to us that, that plan is approved. As far as the balance, as I mentioned in my comments there, Howard, as you know, Northern did not reduce its dividend through the last several years here. And as a result, our dividend payout ratio is one of the highest and is above the 30% guidance that is out there. And so from that standpoint, we did feel like it was appropriate on our end to raise that dividend, which we did, knowing that, that further pushed our dividend payout ratio relative to others and relative to the guidance. We also then wanted to further, I'll call it align our capital structure with our needs. And doing that with the share repurchase, it was an amount again that we felt, on top of the dividend, would not be objected to by the Fed and gives us some flexibility. And I would just say going forward, it's something certainly that we always think about capital management. And as the circumstances change going forward, we'll continue to analyze that and have the dialogue with the Fed.
Michael G. O'grady: Yes. So I think, Jeff, you're referring to the comments I made with regard to our Northern Trust Hedge Fund Services. And I would say the success there is -- it's a couple of things. One is with the Omnium acquisition. The platform that we acquired there, the technology, in our view, really is differentiated and it's certainly the strategic rationale behind that transaction. That's really been proved out in the marketplace and with these wins. So we think that we're providing a solution that is competitive certainly and frankly, something better than what they may be using, which leads to the second factor, which is in a number of these cases, the hedge fund manager is currently doing this on their own. And so it's really an outsource opportunity as well. And so they look at this as an opportunity to get not only the best technology but also to move certain activities outside the firm and to focus on their investing activities.
Michael G. O'grady: Yes, what I would say as far as the new business pipeline that the tone is good. There are a number of different opportunities that we're working on, and it's always difficult to truly quantify what the pipeline is. But the activity level, again, I would say very positive. And I would say, Jeff, that the mix is very diversified geographically. So it's both opportunities here in the United States, but then also in Europe as well as in Asia. And then I would also say, as far as the size of the opportunity, it really is a broad spectrum of large and small and medium-sized opportunities in there. So at this point, we feel good about the pipeline opportunity.
Michael G. O'grady: Yes. I -- at this point, we're still focused on hitting our goals and hitting our targets. And I would say, Ken, that importantly, that some of the initiatives that we've kicked off here, you do see a immediate impact to them. So with the fee simplification, for example, that's a January 1 item. We essentially had the full quarter benefit from that. Likewise, with some of the changes on the organization, even if we didn't have a full quarter, we did have the better part of a quarter given the reductions that we had in headcount. So some of those right out of the gates, we'll get a benefit. So I wouldn't necessarily expect the same pace of improvement going forward. Having said that, it is a major focus that we execute on this, and at this point, feel very confident about achieving both our longer-term objective of the $250 million, as well as our near-term objective of over half of that in the first year.
Michael G. O'grady: Yes. I would say it clearly is primarily driven by what's happening in the market. As I mentioned in the comments there, our client volumes were actually up a little bit in the quarter. Having said that, that is our traditional business with our core custody clients. And so that's going to be impacted by the volatility levels. I would also say that, like any market, there are always changes that are occurring. And it is something that we are taking a hard look at strategically to just determine are we approaching the business in the right way, given the way that it's evolving. So as much as there's no fundamental underlying secular change in the business in our view, we do view it as a service we provide to a current set of clients and look at ways that we can grow that.
Michael G. O'grady: Sure. So as you're alluding to, John, we have seen over a more extended period, say, the last 2 years, that clients both, again, Institutional and Personal have moved more assets on to our balance sheet in the form of deposits. And I think that, that is largely the result of just the broader environment, so in a position of low risk, if you will, and looking for maximum principal preservation. And so that's the underlying dynamic that we saw before this quarter, for 7 quarters in a row. I think what you're seeing now is that, with an improving equity market environment and at least until in the last several weeks here, investors feeling better about developments in Europe, that they're more comfortable in moving off the balance sheet and essentially putting some of that to work. Now having said that, you saw it had a modest impact on our balance sheet, where average assets were down 1% quarter-over-quarter. And going forward here, it's not perfectly clear to me that we're necessarily going to go into a period where the balance sheet continues to go down for quarters. It could go both ways, just as the risk environment changes. But I think you're seeing that dynamic. I would be surprised if we saw a return to the growth levels in the balance sheet that we had in the previous 2 years, though.
Michael G. O'grady: I would think about it different. I wouldn't say that we're charging more for that component. What we're doing really is moving from a bundled fee, if you will. So a single fee for the client to a unbundled fee, one where there is an account management fee that is separate from product fees, so that all clients have the account management fee. But depending on the level of activity and the types of activities that the client has, they'll have different levels of product fees. And so that's the biggest difference. It isn't necessarily an increase in the fees on any of those components. And in fact, as I mentioned, on some of the product fees, we actually brought those fees down as a part of this initiative.
Michael G. O'grady: Yes. The way I would think about it, again, is that we didn't have a separate advisory or advice fee. So now this -- the account management fee is segregated. I wouldn't say that, that has changed the view of the advisory part of this. I would say if there's any change in view, it's that they have greater transparency and a greater recognition of the pricing of various types of products. So a actively management -- managed fund, an alternative product versus passive versus cash versus fixed income. And that transparency, I think, can have an effect on how they think about their account.
Michael G. O'grady: Yes. When you do the analysis, it's mostly market-based. The equity allocation is slightly higher, above the change in markets. So we saw some movement, but I would say it was not a significant shift in asset mix absent markets.
Michael G. O'grady: Yes. I mean, again, we're continuing within NTGI to provide the asset allocation mix that's consistent with where we've been, but does include a large equity component.
Michael G. O'grady: Yes. So basically, what we saw in the first quarter is that we were able to reinvest at a yield that was roughly equivalent -- within a couple of basis points of the yield of the securities that we're rolling off. So overall, it happened to be, as you saw, that the yield on the investment portfolio is the same quarter-over-quarter. And the activity underlying that, roll-offs versus add-ons, was also at the same. So don't know where rates are going to go, but at the same time, certainly there was stabilization in the quarter.
Michael G. O'grady: And just recognizing in general that equities are only a portion of the total AUM numbers. And so the equities piece of it did go up, I would say, corresponding with the market absent what Bev just mentioned there. The other portions of assets under management there obviously did not see the same type of appreciation quarter-over-quarter. So I would say what we saw there was consistent with changes in the market for the different asset classes, positive inflows plus the adjustment Bev mentioned.
Michael G. O'grady: Not necessarily, I guess. It -- having said that, Cynthia, I do think that I -- that the fee levels, meaning in dollars, can behave differently now that we've unbundled that fee. So as our clients move to different products, those products can have different fee levels on that, whereas we wouldn't have seen that same level of sensitivity to asset mix when we had a single bundled fee.
Michael G. O'grady: Yes. So you saw in the quarter that they were actually down relative to the fourth quarter, and that was a result on -- at least on the retail mutual fund side, money market mutual fund side, where we did bring down the pricing overall. So that was one component that resulted in the decline. But in addition to that, we saw, both on the retail side as well as the Institutional side, with just the slight lift in rate in -- on the very short end of the curve, that the yields on the actual mutual funds went up and therefore reduced the fee waivers. To the extent that we continue right at the rate levels we have right now, I would say we would stay consistent with what the fee levels are -- fee waiver levels. But obviously, to the extent that, even on the short end, they go up by 1 or 2 basis points, we do see that benefit in reduced fee waivers.
Michael G. O'grady: No. We took a few actions at the end of last year where we're basically recognizing the benefit of that this year. And again, I think what's important there is that I -- what we did is in certain areas, such as north of Chicago here in the northern suburbs, we had 2 branches, for example, in a particular neighborhood. And what we were able to do is consolidate into one branch, which we could then invest more in, both from the standpoint of the physical presence but also in the expertise that we would put in to that presence. So far, that has gone well. And so we've done the same thing in certain other parts of the country. So we did some of it at the end of last year. We will also continue to look at opportunities this year to do the same thing in other markets.
Michael G. O'grady: Not as a result of the change in fee structure. I would say that we continually look at how we serve clients and the different level of service need -- as you mentioned, the segmentation that we've had, to make sure that we do have the right segmentation so that we can be providing the right services with the right level of efficiency for the needs of that particular client base. So not related to the fees, but in general, continually look at that. And frankly, look to move clients to the segment where they can get the best and most appropriate service, which is -- you heard in some of my commentary there, we did move some clients from one part of PFS to another in order to get that.
Michael G. O'grady: Yes. I think the most important thing on capital, Alex, is that, that changes over time depending on what our capital needs are. So to the extent that we're able to continue to grow the business and have opportunities -- and I don't just mean balance sheet growth, but areas where we can deploy capital because we believe we can get attractive risk-adjusted returns, we would look to deploy capital there first. Second, to the extent that we see opportunities to acquire other businesses that would be strategic for us, as we did in 2011, and achieve attractive returns as well, we look to deploy capital that way. And then as far as the dividend, as I mentioned, right now, we're at a level -- not only is it above the level for other banks, but is above our long-term level. Our expectation certainly is to grow into a dividend payout ratio that's consistent with where we've been historically. And then that leaves you with where is our capital position relative to where we think we need to be and where the regulators think we need to be. And that's where, with the share repurchases, the approval that we have -- or the non-objection, if you will, gives us the flexibility then to get the capital structure into the right place after you've gone through that waterfall that I just talked about. Certainly having more flexibility on that front is better for us from a management standpoint. So we wouldn't sit here today and necessarily tell you, yes, we're looking to change our payout ratio per se, because if we have better uses for it, then we'd rather deploy in that way and get better returns on it. But to the extent that we are in a position that we feel as though we do have excess capital, we'd like to have the flexibility to have the board make that decision and be able to return that capital through dividends and share repurchase.
Michael G. O'grady: Yes. You're correct in the trend that we saw during the quarter there, which is -- started off with yields on the funds being lower. So the fee waiver amount did go down kind of to the latter part of the quarter. And so we're entering into the quarter at a better level than we'd started the first quarter. And if it maintains that level, Alex, then, yes, we would see that benefit -- not knowing, again, where rates will be the rest of the quarter.
Michael G. O'grady: Yes. It's -- the reason why we quantify the initiative the way that we have, Mike, is because the expense level that we have over time is not static and definitely relates to the business and the growth of our business. So I -- we will capture the amounts that we talked about there, $250 million by the end of '13 and over half of that this year. But underlying that, our expense level could change depending on how fast we grow the business.
Michael G. O'grady: Your analysis is correct and certainly something that we look at as well, Mike. And what I would say is that first of all, there still is definitely a correlation between assets under custody, assets under management and our fee levels. Having said that, on a quarter-by-quarter basis, it's not always going to be a one-for-one correlation, even after you adjust for things like the asset mix that underlies that. What are the other factors that come into play? Part of it is the timing on those flows. So we're giving you a reported asset level as of the end of the quarter. For some of those fees, they may be calculated based on end of the quarter, or the client may have come in earlier in the quarter, okay? So it doesn't fully capture the fee activity in the quarter. The other part is, as I mentioned, we did have one large client that was consolidated, meaning that it was acquired and their assets were consolidated with another custodian. It depends on the timing in which that client goes out in the quarter. So there are some timing issues that underlie that. And then also, that -- with clients, the asset mix that they have or product mix also has a different fee mix to it. So on that front, we can have large new client wins, but they may be in our passive area, which is going to be a lower level than, say, something that's in our Personal business or even a smaller client within the Institutional business. So what I would say is that the longer-term trend is still intact. Having said that, from quarter-to-quarter, it's not always going to be a direct correlation.
Michael G. O'grady: The lag effect, definitely, yes, will be a positive factor. Just given, as you point out, a lot of these fees are on a quarter-lag basis. The other thing I would say is that fees in there are not all asset-based, so there are some that are activity-based as well. And so for certain portions, just in the quarter, we saw either a flat or slightly lower level of activity -- transaction activity. That also comes into play.
Michael G. O'grady: Yes -- no, I would say similar what I'll call dynamics to what I just described for the broader fee levels. But you're right, there is not the direct correlation to the AUM levels.
Michael G. O'grady: Yes. So as far as more levers, the area I would point to, Andrew, if you think about one of the slides -- or that second category about process optimization, that's an initiative where we looked at all the major processes within the bank in order to determine if there are opportunities to improve the -- both, I'll call it the effectiveness and the efficiency. So we would want to do it if we felt that it has a better client outcome; we can do it more efficiently; we can increase our profitability, if you will, on that as well. And with that, the initiative that we have -- that we're pursuing right now are in the equivalent of a first wave, if you will, and then we'll move on to a second wave. So the additional levers are the exact reason why we set up this Enterprise Productivity group because we expect to continue to pursue these. We're going after what we consider the greatest opportunities first. But as we go forward, we'll look to do more of those. And that's probably, of those categories, the area where there's the greatest opportunity.
Michael G. O'grady: Well, we had positive operating level on a sequential basis. And I think -- and again, everybody will do their adjustments in their own way. But I think even if you look year-over-year, if you take out the acquisitions -- because the acquisitions, while a positive contributor to profitability this quarter, are still in the early stages or middle stages, I'll call it, of being integrated. So I think you take those factors out, you basically have slight operating -- positive operating leverage even on a year-over-year basis. So there's no question that we are looking to continue to improve our margins going forward, and that entails getting positive operating leverage.
Michael G. O'grady: Yes. I think that, well, we definitely saw the benefit of flight to quality because we know that those deposits likewise can get redeployed on short notice as well. That causes us to reinvest those at the shorter end of our maturity spectrum. So even within the securities portfolio, or other parts of our balance sheet outside of that, in overnight funds, just to make sure that we have adequate liquidity. And at those levels, yes, those are going to be lower margin. Right now, the overnight rate closer to 25 basis points, which is obviously below the 1% that we get on our securities portfolio. So as those roll off, we'll see the first funds, if you will, being rolled off at the lowest part of the margin. Now what I can't comment to is not only the rest of the securities portfolio and just where rates are, but also just our loan portfolio, which is 1/3 of our earning assets, and also the deposit book as well. So I can't tell you that it definitively would cause our net interest margin to go up. But the aspect that you're talking about is a positive contributor to it.
Michael G. O'grady: No. One, I can't quantify what it is because a lot of this is it -- this is decisions being made by institutional and personal clients, so hard to know how they think about it. But I wouldn't expect it to be the magnitude you mentioned there.
Michael G. O'grady: Yes, that's correct. So I would say that charge-offs -- so gross charge-offs were down, but you're correct that our net charge-offs were down even more because of the recoveries and no, would not necessarily expect to have that level of recoveries in future periods.
