Michael O’Grady: Thank you Jennifer. Let me join in welcoming you to our fourth quarter 2022 earnings call. I’d like to start by thanking our teams across the company for their strong execution throughout the year in the face of significant global, political and market turmoil. It is our partners’ unwavering focus on supporting our clients in uncertain and volatile times like these that truly differentiates Northern Trust. For the full year, revenue was up 5%, including trust fee growth of 2% and our return on average common equity was 12.7%. Excluding the impact of $303 million in charges detailed in the presentation, revenue for the full year grew 8% and our return on equity was 14.9%. Fourth quarter results reflected trends that were consistent with those we saw through the first three quarters of the year, namely on a year-over-year basis weaker markets pressured our trust fees, but this was more than offset by strong increases in net interest income. Within our wealth management business, assets under management and advisory fees grew sequentially in the fourth quarter. Total fees declined, however, due to the lag affect of markets, strategic price reductions in our index funds, and shifts in client allocations out of liquidity products. Overall, new business generation in wealth management was healthy in 2022; however, we did see some deceleration in the second half of the year as market activity waned. We continued to execute on our growth strategy in wealth management, including increasing the size and effectiveness of our sales force, expanding our digital marketing efforts, and leveraging the differentiated capabilities of the Northern Trust Institute. In asset management, assets under management were up sequentially but fees declined due to the outflows we experienced in our liquidity and indexed products as a result of the impact of both weaker markets and clients seeking alternatives. We did see solid increases in alternative funds throughout the year, including year-over-year growth of more than 20% in the fourth quarter. Our ETF complex also continued to perform well with year-over-year organic growth of 12%. Our product launches during the year focused on ESG capabilities, including three new ESG funds in the fourth quarter. Within asset servicing, we delivered a solid finish to the year. We saw healthy momentum throughout the year with our whole office offering as investment managers are increasingly considering outsourced solutions in the face of continued margin pressure and the challenging macroeconomic environment. Whole office integrates our global asset servicing platform with innovative partners facilitating access to new technologies, services and solutions. One recent client win offers an insight into what differentiates us in the marketplace. After an exhaustive RFP process during which we conducted a complete review of a large U.K.-based asset manager’s front to back operating model, we were selected to provide a holistic full suite of core asset servicing, capital markets and data, and analytics products and services. This client was particularly impressed with our ability to digitalize their investment process to maximize the value of their data. We learned that this client chose us because of our combination of market-leading tools and first rate client service. We also saw continued strong demand for our integrated trading solutions offering throughout both the quarter and the year. In 2022, the number of clients on the platform increased 20% year-over-year to nearly 100. Our [indiscernible] transition backlog that we spoke to you about last quarter started to transition in during the fourth quarter and our pipeline remains strong. Expense growth continued to be elevated in the quarter, reflecting investments in people and technology to strengthen our resiliency, advance our digital modernization efforts, and drive growth in the business, all critical initiatives but the level of growth is too high. Some of the charges we announced today reflect early steps we are taking to bring down the trajectory to better align with the current operating environment and create capacity for profitable growth. To underscore our commitment, we recently launched a dedicated office of productivity to reinforce our approach to driving efficiencies throughout the company. Jason will provide more color on this in his prepared remarks. In closing, as we begin 2023, we remain well positioned to navigate the ongoing macroeconomic and market uncertainty from a position of strength. Our focus is on driving organic growth, improving our productivity, and continuing to bolster our foundations. I’ll now turn the call over to Jason.
Michael O’Grady: Yes, I would just add, Betsy, to your point, it is about trajectories and curves, if you will. We’ve been on a downward trajectory with trust fees as a result of the factors that Jason has gone through. Obviously we’re trying to drive that the other way, primarily through growth. When it comes to NII, we’ve had a strong trajectory up. That’s not likely to carry through into the new year or into 2023, just as a result of the rate cycle. Then looking at the expenses, as Jason went through there, we’re clearly trying to bend down that expense growth curve without a doubt through the productivity office, but also just in every day in how we operate the business.
Michael O’Grady: Yes, I think that’s right, because as Jason’s saying, some of these things, there’s actions that we already took in the fourth quarter which we had talked about in the previous call, the intent to get going on those, and then more of them that are happening in the first quarter as well, and then carrying through. So you’re right - by the time you see the impact, it’s delayed relative to the actions.
Michael O’Grady: Yes, and Brennan, I would just add, I think Jason described it well, but think about it as bottoms-up and top-down, right, which is each of the groups, as Jason was saying, they have to have their productivity initiatives that work their way up to their productivity goals that are in the plan. The top-down part is the productivity office, which is doing things that can cut across the enterprise and also have the structure to work with the groups to help them meet those productivity initiatives. That’s the approach to it, and again this is--we always have productivity as a part of the planning process, but as Jason is saying, when you have inflation like we do, you have to be able to ramp up those activities in order to get greater efficiencies.
Michael O’Grady: Mike, it’s Mike. To your point, if you go back a number of years, where we were at levels that were like this, it’s been a long time, and that’s why it is considered unacceptable where we are. We were effective in driving that ratio down into an area where, yes, we thought it was within that range for us to be able to continue to operate, and that’s kind of that 105 to 110 range. We have the same objective now of getting it back into that range. That calculation is a numerator and a denominator, and we’re trying to drive both of those. Beyond the challenging environment on the fee front, which is going to happen at various times, we’re trying to drive the organic growth there, and as much as we had good growth in the year, it was not one of our stronger organic growth levels, so challenged on the numerator both, I would say conditions, but also what we did on our part. Then on the other side, from an expense perspective, as Jason said, we got a lot done not just this year but the last couple of years in really making, call it the company more resilient, and I’ll get into a little more detail on that; but just contextually if you think back a few years with the pandemic and the last couple of years, the technology infrastructure of the company is just critical to your ability to be just what you said, which is resilient and there for your clients in any set of conditions, and so that’s required a lot of investment in technology. Some of it, if you think about it, you have to be able to operate completely remotely, and so you have to invest to be able to do that, and you also have to be reliable for clients, so when it comes to modernizing all the technology you have, it does require investment on that front. In the meantime, we also push forward with our digitalization efforts, which is much more the client-facing part of that which is essential to being competitive and essential to growing. It’s been very active across that. Some of that is, call it non-discretionary, right - it needs to be done to be able to do what I said. Other parts of it, you do have more discretion in the speed, particularly around the digitalization front, and you’re looking at the returns that you’re going to get for that. We talked about things like Matrix, which has been a meaningful investment which will drive both productivity but also will drive our capabilities, and therefore revenue and organic growth on that front. The same thing is happening in wealth management, where we have to make sure that our interface with our clients is frictionless, as Steve would say, in the technology interface with the clients. That part of it, again, we can pay some, and that’s part of what we’ll have to do on the technology front. The last part of it is just the need for efficiencies around the technology spend and then just more broadly, which we’ve done many times and need to just increase the focus on execution around those, what I’ll call more traditional ways to drive productivity. You asked the question on, okay, when does it get into that range, is it ’23, is it ’24? I don’t know, because I don’t know exactly what’s going to happen with the numerator and the denominator, but that’s what we’re driving towards, is to get it into that range and, in the meantime, also trying to drive profitability, meaning driving pre-tax margins above 30%. That’s kind of the view and the plan.
Michael O’Grady: Yes, so I’ll answer both but then let Jason add, too. We are clearly in the investing stage, but I would say--you know, and you’re always investing of course in that, because the needs change over time, etc. But from a cresting perspective, etc., we’re more towards that than we are away from it, if that makes sense. In other words, we have gotten a lot done in the last couple of years on that front, so that’s my view. Then as far as the expenses, we talked about for the year expenses at 9%, so that’s the part where we’re saying that doesn’t work, and so how do we bring that down. Now, there is still going to be growth in expenses for the year because there’s certain aspects that just carry into the year, right? You do have base pay increases that flow in and you do have some of the technology costs that are amortizations that just come into the year, but outside of that, you’re trying to do everything you can with productivity to offset other increases.
Michael O’Grady: Brian, it’s Mike. I would say we definitely are seeing a different perspective on the part of the clients that you’re talking about, or prospects, right? I mean, a lot of the activity in 2021, beginning of 2022 was as a result of business owners who were selling their businesses, were monetizing assets, and so that was an uplift for us. With the reduced activity that you’re seeing of IPOs and market activity there, but then also certainly in the private marketplace lower activity there, definitely it’s had an impact for us of just less market opportunity for us.
Jason Tyler: Sure, well let me--you know, there’s a lot going on with the balance sheet, with the repositioning as well, so let me give you a couple of the key ingredients and then let me know if there’s additional detail you’d like. Just on volume, we saw volume up--down left to 116. We still think that that 110 to 115 is a good starting point for first quarter, and as you know, the quarters have some seasonality. We usually get a spike at the end of fourth quarter, first quarter gets some build from tax preparation, and in the second quarter we’ll start to see outflows as clients pay taxes. But as you think about first quarter at least, 110 to 115 is still a good range. Then let me take beta in three different--or rates, really, in three different parts. First beta, and you noted that beta was high. We’d indicated we thought it would be at this point in the cycle, and we still think that that’s a pretty good indication of what we’ll look like over the course of the next three months. Beta for interest-bearing deposits was 75%, 80%, it was in line. We do anticipate that to be similar. Balance sheet repositioning, that takes $2 billion, a little bit more at what was about 2% or 2.25%, then it reinvests it on the short end of the curve a couple hundred basis points higher. Right now, we’re mostly overnight, but we’ll continue to think about what we want to do with that from a non-HQLA perspective. But at least the starting point you should be thinking about is moving that $2 billion to overnight. Then just lastly as we’re talking about rate, just a quick reminder the runoff on the portfolio is just over a billion dollars, and you’re moving that from 2%, 2.25% to higher rates we’re repositioning as we mature securities to the short end, so there’s a similar pickup there. Then last thing on outlook, just as you think about first quarter, just remember that day count costs us about $8 million going from fourth quarter to first quarter. Those are the big ingredients. Hopefully that’s helpful.
Jason Tyler: Yes, it’s hard to tell. I mean, I think about it very much from--obviously, as you know, it’s a liability-driven balance sheet, and so the common carry on deposits is really what’s driving the size of average earning assets in general. What we saw in the quarter, it certainly does look like things have--like client behavior has settled and leveled out a little bit, but we’re not calling it flat at this point. We’re still operating in a way that we’re anticipating some muted but continued decline. That’s why that 110 to 115, that’s really the drive--you should think of that as the driver of average earning assets.
Jason Tyler: Well, it doesn’t stay where it is, and it certainly doesn’t increase over time. That expense ratio needs to come down. You’re talking about, I assume, expense to trust fees, and so a few--
Jason Tyler: Yes, I can--first of all, the thing that we look at to litmus test how we’re doing from an expense management perspective is still expense to trust fees, and even pulling out the charges from this quarter, being anywhere near 120, that’s not where the business is going to be in the long run. That’s going to come down. Then you start to think more tactically, how does the productivity look to do that, and just to be--you know, just to say what are the numbers associated with it, historically we have talked about productivity matching inflation. When inflation was at 1% or 2%, we felt like we were doing that really well. With inflation at 8% or 9%, we are not going to get productivity to that level, but we should absolutely have productivity above 2% of our expense base. Second, every group in this company has productivity goals. We go through it all the time, every year in our planning process, and then next if you start to just think tactically, how is this office going to get at this work, where are the buckets that we’re going to get at, I’ll give you how the group is laid out. First of all, it’s technology - that’s the largest component and the fastest growing expense item we have. That’s $1.4 billion, and so we have to--we’ve got to get at technology costs. We accomplished a lot in 2022 and 2021, but we’ve got to do it efficiently, and that means determining how we’re purchasing, how we’re developing technology, how we’re consuming it, how we’re delivering it. Two is vendor strategy and how we’re thinking about engaging with our partners externally. Three, investment governance - there are areas around the company where we’re investing in growth for the business, we’re investing to get deeper and stronger, but we’ve got to accomplish those things but at the same time test whether or not we still want to be investing at the same rate, at the same timing. Then lastly, fourth is a big pillar is workforce analysis, and a couple things there. You already see us getting at larger severance than we normally take, and that should get to 300, 400 positions that will be impacted. That’s why we’re focused on driving productivity across operations, and then a step earlier than this, we took out hundreds of technology-related contractors in fourth quarter, just as an indication of how aggressively we’re getting at this internally, and that’s a big effort to do that. But again, we accomplished a lot and now it’s time to turn the corner on it.
Jason Tyler: There’s not--there’s nothing strategic that we’ve been doing in that area to bring it down, and so it is instructive as you’re doing to look back at more historical levels. It’s not to say that’s the target, but it is to say that where we are right now is not reflective of any strategy that we have for lower levels.
Jason Tyler: Sure, so let’s just walk the fees, because that’s probably what--is kind of how you’re framing the question. Fees down roughly $20 million for the quarter, right, half of that is markets and then a quarter of it is the re-pricing that we mentioned earlier. As this group knows extraordinarily well, in the asset management side of the business, fee compression is still persistent, and so we have not done those types of reductions a lot recently. We want to make sure that we’re priced appropriately, and so with some of the indexed products, we took a--we took fee reductions, that’s only on the product side, not on the advisory side. Those are done, so there’s a step down there, no incremental benefit going forward and, at this point, no plans to do more. The other quarter of the decline was outflows, and that was--but that was product-related outflows, so really client repositioning in the money market space, in the liquidity space. We’ve seen a journey there for our clients across both wealth as well as asset servicing. It’s very closely aligned to what we saw in deposits of large decline as we came into COVID, and decline as markets gained more confidence and then started to redeploy assets into risk assets. The way we litmus test the business in wealth is to think about our advisory fee, frankly, not the product side but what are the assets and what are the fees related to the advice we have with clients. That’s gone well - in the quarter, client flows for wealth management from an advisory perspective overall were positive. On a linked quarter and year-over-year basis, the net new business and flow activity that we track was positive - low single digits, but it was positive, so the business is not in decline. What we’re seeing is a lot of clients deploying away from their historical mix of using our money market funds and then, in this quarter, re-pricing of product.
Jason Tyler: We look at it all the time. It actually--it’s more--that comes more into play on the institutional side, and we’ve got a really--we’ve got a very large and successful money market mutual fund business. We do a lot of liquidity work for our clients, and so even now there are some strategic waivers that we have in the institutional side of the business, where we’re working pricing to ensure that we’re as attractive as we can be. But it’s not just pricing that clients look at. On the institutional side in particular, they look at size and they look at the underlying quality of the assets. A lot of the ultra-large investors have investment policy restrictions on how big they can be within a fund, and so the fact that we’ve got funds that are $40 billion, $50 billion, $60 billion, it enables those large investors to put money to work, and so the competition set is a little bit lower on the institutional side. We’re above that threshold, so in the long run, that’s very good for us. There will be ebbs and flows based on other factors, but in the long run it’s good. On the wealth side, that’s just going to ebb and flow with the business. Traditionally it’s been more aligned, this is just a period of time where our clients, they’re also thinking about deploying to building their own treasury portfolios, laddering in portfolios there, and then potentially other products, they’ll use ultra short. We do have high confidence that the mix of the usage of this product is going to come back to where it was historically, and you’re exactly right - it’s a very attractive engagement for us economically.
Jason Tyler: Yes, I appreciate you pushing on that. The answer is yes, it can absolutely grow from here, and we anticipate that throughout the year, it will. I don’t think first quarter is going to see--I’m not sure it’s going to see meaningful growth, but the trajectories are still in our favor. The balance sheet repositioning in and of itself is--that’s an attractive lift, and then betas are not 100%, and so with the Fed actions, we’re going to do well. We’ve also got the runoff which helps us too, so the only offset to that is volumes. That’s what--you know, we’re not sure what that’s going to look like, but even that remained relatively flat, right--it was at the top end, maybe a tiny bit above what our anticipation was last quarter. If I look out through the year, absolutely the anticipation for NII is to be growing from this 550 level.
Jason Tyler: Sure, yes. I mean, the mix, I don’t--we haven’t seen that changing dramatically, but you’re raising an interesting point, which is that the betas are actually different depending on the currency that you’re talking about, so I just think that’s something that’s important for people to think about it. Most of the way the industry also calculates beta is on just the interest-bearing portion. I think it’s instructive to think about the total beta as well, because as we’ve talked about, the mix of interest bearing to non-interest bearing changes over time, and so that has an effect as well. But the betas on the institutional side, I think you’ve got to call them close to 100% at this point. It varies by currency, but I think you’ve got to call it close to 100%. Then on the wealth management side, it’s less than that, and you can imagine for us to get to a blended level that I’m talking about in kind of that 70% to 80% range, wealth is closer to 50%, and the institutional side closer to 100%.
Jason Tyler: I’ll go in reverse order. We’ve talked about heavy defensive wealth deposits. The economics are important and that’s the--those are the things we want to be doing with our clients, hard stop, and so we’re going to do everything we can to defend those. They’re largely relationship driven, but there is--also, there are pockets where our clients look really aggressively at rate, and so we’ve got good governance and infrastructure to make sure we’re doing what we can to maximize that. Then throughout the year, you’re just asking how are we thinking about it over the course of the year, we’ve tended--you can go back and look historically at first quarter to second quarter and see what kind of decline there has been. We don’t think--we don’t anticipate anything different this year, and then what I can tell you is that from there, we don’t expect--we have more of a flattish outlook, but we’ve got to just remember that that second quarter decline does take place, and history should be a pretty good judge.
Jason Tyler: Every year we come into it and we don’t expect there to be--to trigger settlement accounting, and it’s ironic because in 2021, we had the thresholds but then we did a larger RIF, and those ended up triggering, and then this past year, it was interest rates going up significantly that led to a higher level of retirements than we anticipated. In no year do we anticipate it at this time, but the bad news is we’re in the exact same boat this time, which is that we look at the thresholds with our outside actuaries, with our consultants, but we can’t predict with high degrees of certainty what the experience will be from a retirement perspective. We have to let that play through. That said, what we experienced in ’21 and ’22, we had not experienced prior to that, and so it’s not like this is something that--it’s happened the last two years, but if you look over the last 10 years, it hasn’t happened outside of these last two years. That’s how we think about it. It seems like more of a trend certainly than what we’re planning or anticipating.
Jason Tyler: Yes, at some point. If you think about the framework we’ve used historically, and I’ve talked about it a lot, there’s no red flags there. We don’t have to have all of those components of the framework saying green. We look at it in combination at any given point in time, and we’re at 10:8 right now. We also still have $1.6 billion in AOCI - that will come down a little bit, actually in a chunk because of the securities repositioning, because we did that after the quarter, so we’ve got, call it a $1.4 billion that’s going to be accreting into capital over time. The returns in the business are still strong, and so there’s no reason we wouldn’t be back at some point.
Jason Tyler: Sure, so I’d say different stories there. We talked about wealth a little bit earlier, and if you think about just the core underlying business, really focusing more on the account management side, then the business had a very strong first half of the year and the second half of the year was weaker. We’ve also noted GFO was much stronger than the regions, but again that’s going to ebb and flow over time; but organic growth the way we have calculated it and communicated it historically was negative in the regions for the quarter, and call it flat for GFO--actually, slightly positive GFO if you think about it on a year-over-year basis. It at least gives you a sense of where that business is. But then again, from the advisory side, even both for the year-over-year and at the end of the quarter, the advisory fees did well, and so the core business there is strong. We think it’s the product mix and other factors leading to the way we’ve calculated organic growth as being negative. In asset servicing, different story - we talked at the early part of the year that we felt the pipeline was good. That pipeline has started to on-board in fourth quarter, and we feel good about the growth in that business. The proxy there should be more custody and fun servicing fees, just as I talked about account management fees in wealth management, the proxy--the same corollary there is custody and fund servicing. That was a positive in fourth quarter, it was actually really attractive. We had new business that Mike talked about early coming online in the business to the tune of kind of mid single digits, and we feel like that business is back to its historical organic growth rate. That’s evidenced by what we on-boarded. The one not on-boarded business we have right now is higher than our three-year average, and the pipeline of business they have, that they’re still bidding on in late stages, is higher than the three-year average for the business, so a lot of positive signs in the asset servicing business from an organic perspective.
Jason Tyler: Yes, I’m sorry - it was early ’22 that we talked about there being business in the back half of the year that was on-boarding, so that did come into play. We do have right now--there is a chunk of business that we know is on-boarding in the short run. The pipeline is good, and then you go out farther to the end of ’23 and there’s another chunk of large business that we’re anticipating to come on in a couple different areas fourth quarter, and even into first quarter of ’24. The pipeline for that business at various stages is looking good.
Jason Tyler: Well, I can give you a little bit more color on the year, if it’s helpful, and whatever information is helpful, obviously I’m happy to give what we see at this point. But one thing as you’re thinking about the next several quarters, not just the next one, is outside services was elevated and lots of things happening there is fourth quarter. Some of that is episodic, some of that has--I’m sorry, other expense, some of that is episodic agency expense, supplemental pension plan. Some of those have more of a longer term trend, so think travel, marketing - that was actually up $8 million over third quarter, that’s likely going to stay elevated. But some of these were episodic, and so we don’t think we’re going to see other expenses at $107 million. It should even--that should quickly unless-- and some of it’s out of our control because things like the supplemental pension plan are market affected. But that should get to below $100 million and hopefully stay that way going forward. Then you just think about the impact also of compensation. Just to give you some color there, we know base pay is going to come online in second quarter - that’s going to be a $20 million lift, and then to severance activity, we think that’s going to help us help offset that a little bit, probably $5 million to $7 million on a quarterly basis starting in second, third quarter. Then we’ll have some additional hiring, but that’s going to be in line with the growth of the business. That at least gives you a sense of some of the line items. The last thing, visibility on equipment and software, the depreciation lift that we got coming into first quarter, that levels out a lot. There’s some growth, call it a couple million dollars a quarter after that, but nowhere near this level, so a lot of the--that’s where you get to what’s the impact of that hundreds of contracts coming out. We’re starting to flatten that depreciation and amortization line which sits within equipment and software, which has been the fastest grower. It’s just reflective that we’ve gotten a lot of work done.
Jason Tyler: Yes, so two very different dynamics happening. The actions we’re taking this year are not across the board, much more targeted than they have been historically and very centered, frankly, around technology and some operations-oriented functions, effectively. That just gives you a sense of where we’re going. Then to why we’ve had some of the increases, some of the salary increase we had last year obviously was an inflation-related higher than average merit increase, but a lot of the growth we had last year was doing off-cycle adjustments to retain talent, specifically in the wealth management business. We think that that’s largely done at this point. You can never claim with certainty that that’s fully over, but that was meaningful. You know how important that franchise is to us and how important that talent base is, and so we were going to defend that base. That episode, that seems to be over at this point and we’re more to a business-as-usual growth rate across the organization, but we’re identifying areas where we can get significant salary run rate savings and getting after those aggressively.
Jason Tyler: What we looked for were securities that had the combination of a couple things: one, poor RWA treatment, and secondly lower coupon, lower yield, and third that they still had significant time to maturity. That bucket ended up being $2 billion, $2.5 billion. The coupon on those was in the 2% to 2.25% on average, and the reinvestment of those coming in at--you know, think about earnings on reserve balances at the Fed in the 4.5% range at this point. In terms of the payback on that, it’s more like 3.5 years, but remember from a regulatory reporting perspective, we had already stripped out the unrealized loss in that portfolio, and so the drivers of this were very largely around the opportunity to improve capital ratios, not that we needed to improve capital or liquidity - we didn’t, but seeing the opportunity to benefit CET-1 in the form of lower RWA treatment coupled with improved liquidity ratio, and at the same time not hurt the economic value of your earnings stream, was very attractive to go after, and that’s really what led us to do this.
Jason Tyler: Well, we would have appetite, frankly, because it’s an attractive thing to do, but at the same time, we feel like we’ve harvested just about everything that’s there. I’m glad you asked the follow-up because as soon as I finished, I realized Gerard, and now you might be interested in just a little bit more color - corporate bonds within the $2 billion was about half, munis and mortgage-backed securities were about a quarter each, just so you know. But it’s an attractive time to go after something like that given the yield curve and the ability to change non-HQLA assets to HQLA assets, pick up capital, pick up liquidity and no impact from an economic perspective, and in fact making it positive.
Jason Tyler: Sure, so we won’t comment more on timing, and if I get to the guardrails, it’s instructive, I think, to look--and again, none of these are 100% determinative, they’re just part of how we think about it, but these are the factors we think about. Look at the absolute levels, which tells you to look at history, look at where we are relative to peers and then relative to regulatory perspectives - we look at those things. Then the other dynamic is that RWA has been less predictable than pre-COVID, and we used our balance sheet to be there for our clients. We were one of the few institutions that actually let RWA increase over the last several years, and it’s because we wanted--our clients had loan demand and they wanted us to be there in FX activity and set lending, and we did that because we had--it was because we were able to, because we had the capital strength and flexibility to do that. That’s the thing that we’re also looking forward on, to make sure that we’re not missing any significant changes in client demand that might impact our behavior. But you’re right in that sitting at 10:8, it’s a much better position, and then back to this concept of $1.4 billion in AOCI pulling a par over the next several years, plus the return on equity in the business is still attractive, so we’re still each quarter accreting capital, so no reason we won’t be in the market at some point.
Jason Tyler: Sure, so on loan demand, I always remind people, it’s super spiky. On the base of business we have and the clients that we have that can come with really significant asks, and we’re happy to do it because a lot of times, they’ve got potentially billions of dollars in assets, and then they might have a liquidity need and they don’t want to liquidate the asset, it’s a great opportunity for us to help them at very large dollar amounts, it solidifies relationships well. We just don’t look quarter to quarter at loan volumes as much as I think it’s appropriate to for other institutions. In general, our growth expectations are for more of a business-as-usual growth rate. We do anticipate some growth this year in the business, not a ton but more business-as-usual. Then on capital, there’s no problem we’re trying to fix in mix or scale. Frankly in capability, we’re just thinking opportunistically. If things come up, we’ve got the capital to be able to look at it. We’ve talked about having more of a bias at this point towards wealth management. We’ve done some things from an acquisition perspective in asset servicing over the last several years - they’ve gone well, but we’ve got a whole product circle there that we feel good about than we do in wealth, but the more we can bring on attractive wealth clients that don’t necessarily have the holistic product approach that we can bring, it’s a great opportunity for us to create value, and so that’d be top of the list, but no problems we’re looking to solve from a mix or scale perspective.
Jason Tyler: Yes, a couple things. One, nothing that we’d call out at this point. If that changes, we’d call it out for you. In some instances, even, some of those expenses are capitalized in long term contracts, and so--but nothing at this point that we’d want you to be thinking ahead on.
