Jason Tyler: Yes. Yes, it's both. So if you just -- you're close to it, but for people that may not be that this first tranche that first enable us to monetize half, but enable us to convert half. But that's split into actually selling it in three pieces as you're referencing. Two of those pieces are done, one is still yet to come in August. When that's done, we'll still have half of the entire pool left to at some point in the future to convert and monetize.
Jason Tyler: Yes, correct, not at all. And as soon as -- and we've said all along, Visa is not a strategic asset for us. And so we haven't wanted to monetize more at a meaningful discount in the private markets. And so, we've waited to be able to do it in the public markets. This enabled us to do it with no discount and we'll likely pursue a similar path when the remaining shares are opened up for conversion.
Jason Tyler: Sure. So I think about it in two pieces. One is that there's elevated spending right now as we get the project accelerated. That's why it's showing up more in outside services. And as we get some of the technology spend there and some third-party outside help on getting some things executed, that will -- that should last in that line item at about this current level for the next few quarters. Eventually, that's going to decline as some of that, that initial project work is done. But at the same time, we'll over time see an increase in compensation as some of the work continues in more of a persistent environment by actual FTE but not likely at the same elevated level of where we are today. So that's the overall view of how it should work.
Jason Tyler: Sure. Yes. So balances are much more stable than they were last year, obviously and our client engagements worked well. At this point, the bigger factor definitely appears to be rates. So there's no estimate for us to share for third quarter. But in that period, we do tend to see a slight seasonal decline in balances. And so there's a couple of puts and takes to keep in mind. One, the seasonal decline in balances, but then that could be offset by the fact that we still have positive impact of reinvestment spread day count improvement and then some other factors.
Jason Tyler: And then I'll offers two headlines on wealth and then if Mike might add more. One is the regions, the net new businesses was relatively soft, but GFO in general continues to do well, bringing on new business from existing clients and then also some nice external names. There the connectivity they have with the largest asset owners is outstanding. And that -- so that business continued to do well and a lot of initiatives inside the more wealth advisory space, the regions. The second dynamic I'll mention within the business of different view is what our clients utilizing us for both the advisory fee, the advisory component of what our clients are doing with us is doing well. It's positive both in the regions and in GFO, what -- but that's being offset by lower product utilization that tends to ebb and flow and we look more closely at the advisory component. It's more of an indication of the base of business and that's trending positively in both businesses.
Jason Tyler: Got it. I'm glad I asked because I did not hear that well. So on the first component, we actually have not historically disclosed the breakdown of our fees that come from product versus from advisory. But almost -- just at a high level, virtually all of our wealth is particularly in the regions, virtually all of those relationships have an advisory fee associated with them and the vast majority have product fees associated with them. And then in terms of deposit costs, we haven't talked about deposit costs for that group specifically, but I think where you're going with it is accurate, the deposit costs in that client base are significantly lower than on the institutional side in general. Now the GFO business, family office has some clients that are equal in size to some of our largest asset servicing clients, but the bulk of that book is priced much more with lower deposit costs relative to the institutional side.
Jason Tyler: One other dynamic is our suite clients within the wealth business, they already have the option to sweep on to our money market platform.
Jason Tyler: Sure. So drivers really comes down to productivity, Mike. And you've heard us talk about it a lot and we've got to continually look at the activities across the business and determine, do we have the right skills? Do we have the right people? Are we in the right geographies? And importantly also, we've got to look at the span of control and the amount of layers we have in the organization. And all of those different analyses led us to the conclusion that we could -- we should take some actions here. And so we'll -- obviously even with an example like spans and layers, you might do eliminations, but then you might also replace with -- eventually with a different skill set or a different span from a leadership perspective. And so we won't get 100% savings of these salaries, but we should get at least 50%. And in general, it anticipates about half of the severance to impact our decline in the ongoing salary run rate. Now, obviously, we're growing in other areas of the company. We're growing headcount and wealth management to grow that business. We're obviously investing in resiliency. But for these areas that are affected here, we should see that type of impact in the salary line.
Jason Tyler: Now let me clarify. So it would be -- the total amount of impacted salary would be close to the amount of the severance line but we would reinvest about half of it. And so we should get an improvement from these areas of about in the neighborhood of $40 million run rate on the salary line.
Jason Tyler: Oh, yes, the due from banks, and we can come back to you. I think that's just noise in the reporting on a small denominator. But in general, on the betas, the -- I mean, you saw the ECB reduction, we got effectively 100% beta on that. And so we've -- at this point with rates at these levels, the betas are going to be very high. And so we -- in that example, both the standard rate card and the negotiated rates both came down in conjunction with the Central Bank change and even the negotiated rates tend to be on a spread to Central Bank rates. And so we feel like, again, in this zone of where rates are, the spread shouldn't change material.
Jason Tyler: Yes, the -- it's similar. The institutional business sometimes will have again very large and -- very large deposits. And so that won't change -- that will have more of what we should think of as a mix impact, more than an impact coming from the rate changes from Central Banks. So we gave an example even earlier in the very small number of very large deposits that can come on at tight spreads to Central Banks. And so that will tighten spreads, but that doesn't -- that's not correlated to the actual Central Bank movements, which is really more of the sphere of your question from what I'm understanding.
Jason Tyler: The wealth side is even a higher percentage of deposits on standard rates, which again with rates at this elevated level are -- we'll be able to move in conjunction with Central Bank movements.
Jason Tyler: Yes. So on the expense -- just expense year-over-year, we -- 5% is going to be really hard. I mean, we're in the 6s first-half of the year and we -- and it's largely because of two factors. One, the markets elevated really quickly at the beginning of the year and that drove just in the first quarter alone, it drove $10 million to $15 million in lift, which is over 100 basis points year-over-year. And then in conjunction with us deciding to accelerate the resiliency work that adds in another layer. And so it's going to be hard this year and unlikely this year, but it does not -- are still our long-term target is 5% or less, and there's no reason for us to change that long-term target, just two dynamics this year. One is frankly a good one because we get positive operating leverage out of the markets being higher and another one is us positioning ourselves for lower expense growth rate in the future as a result of what we're doing on resiliency. On the operating leverage side, we on -- from a fee operating leverage side, we should get fee operating leverage in the second half of the year and we're -- the fee rates are higher, revenue is higher. And so that puts us in a good position from a total operating leverage perspective, little harder in third quarter, just based on where markets are at this point, hard to tell, but fourth quarter from what we can see at this point would be much more likely to have total operating leverage there.
Jason Tyler: Yes. I just wanted to be clear -- to clarify. So in that space, we already have -- our reach has already hit the market. And clients and advisor work together to determine what they want to select from a suite perspective and they can elect suite into money market mutual funds or on to our balance sheet but the dynamics that we've read about it doesn’t -- it's not reflective of our client base than of our platform.
Jason Tyler: And then the Family Office business might have some that's -- that's non-U.S., but the vast majority of deposits on the wealth side are U.S. denominated.
Jason Tyler: So we mentioned that a lot of the -- many of the actions have already been taken. And at the same time, the program that we instituted this time is more over 18 months. And so it will bleed in over -- it will get embedded over that timeframe.
Jason Tyler: It puts us in a -- it does put us in a better position next year. And the spirit of what we're doing, particularly with the resiliency spend is to accelerate some of the spend that we've had on our roadmap over the next several years. So that helps. And also the actions we're taking around productivity help a lot as well. And so it definitely puts us in a better position. But we're -- it's early July and it's still early to talk about what next year looks like. But from what we see right now, there's -- the things that are predictable at this point, there's no -- there's nothing that tells us we shouldn't have that 5% or better outlook for next year, and we feel like we're well-positioned for it at this point given some of the things that we talked about.
Jason Tyler: Yes, so the Visa situation is very helpful and it puts several hundred million dollars and call it, half of the after-tax proceeds in our minds available for buyback, particularly if you look at where our capital ratios -- capital levels are right now, there's no race for us to do that. And so we can do it over-time, we can do it deliberately. We also have to keep an eye on what's happening from a regulatory environment and what Basel requirements might be from a capital perspective, but we're obviously positioned very well to continue to have elevated levels of buyback.
Jason Tyler: Unlikely to -- less likely to be positive but we don't see as long as rates are at these levels and just take US, just take the fed being in the fives at this high level of rates on an absolute basis, getting 25 basis point, 50 basis point reductions at this point should not have material spread degradation.
Jason Tyler: Nothing to provide in terms of an estimate. And I mean, if you think about it, the few million dollars this quarter, a few million dollars next quarter, cumulatively, that's a reduction of $10 million round number on -- even within asset servicing on a quarterly trust fee base of over $600 million. And so we're just trying to -- once we start talking about growth in the business and about overall net new business activity that number has more of an impact but it doesn't have as much of an impact on the overall amount of fees in the business. And so that's why we called it out. It's just in the context of thinking about new business activity and organic growth where it has more of an impact on a percentage basis. But in general, the business is doing well and the activity levels, the pipeline and what we see on the horizon, still good. Just important to call out those two items.
Jason Tyler: Yes, it is. There's no doubt that as some of the expenses that we put on now, again, it's an acceleration of what we planned and some of it we do believe will come down next year. I talked about the offset as we do some hiring in some of these spaces, but we also came into this year feeling very good about the 5%, but the markets moved early and so it does give an indication that when markets move and it can impact the expenses. Again, we have positive operating leverage in that. But at this point of mid-July, I'm hesitant to talk in too much detail about 2025. We'll certainly give an update later in the year. But the spirit of your question is right in that some of the spending now positions us for even better expense trajectory management going into next year.
Jason Tyler: Sure. So it's the latter. They have the ability to sweep into our money fund complex, which already is priced in the fives. And so they have the ability -- our clients have the ability to elect for that deposit mechanism now when to the extent that they -- to the extent that they are sweeping.
Jason Tyler: No, I'm saying that as we have rate cuts at this point, we -- that the -- we should be able to pass along those declines in the form of lower deposit yields to clients in our standard rate cards and in our negotiated rates.
Jason Tyler: Yes, and I did comment on that really specifically earlier. We did see aligned reductions in deposit costs on the ECB change.
Mike O'Grady: Yes. The only thing I would add is as I mentioned, we've really focused our strategy on the opportunities that we think are most attractive for our value proposition. So those opportunities where we can be compensated for what we believe to be as a higher service level for the clients that has meant being more disciplined around pricing. As I mentioned, in certain cases, it means not bidding on it if we believe it's going to be something that's low-cost-driven. And so far that hasn't really, I would say, reduced the overall momentum in the business and what we're seeing and the opportunities. And frankly, it's resulting in higher margins for the business that we are winning. So it's a more selective approach to it, but one so far I would say is going well.
Mike O'Grady: Yeah, Brennan, it's Mike. Within the business, it's true of all of our businesses, but just to be clear, within wealth management as well, it's a competitive marketplace for all the products that we offer. And so to your point, if other competitors or service providers in the space change their pricing on anything, frankly, but to your point on deposit levels, then we absolutely have to react to that. And so that's the first point. And it's dynamic. The second, I would say is that it's also based on the holistic relationship that we have and the entirety of what we're offering for the client and as a result, the different needs that they may have. Point being, say, not every deposit is created equally. Almost as simple as just start with a checking account is different than a savings account and the terms and the nature and characteristics are different. And so the actual deposit cost, if you will, is going to be different based on that as well. But needless to say, if others are doing things in the market, we have to be able to respond in kind.
Mike O'Grady: So a couple of points to it, Mike. One is within, broadly speaking, asset servicing at a high level, you have the services that we provide to asset owners and then the services we provide to asset managers. Now there's a lot of hybrids within that as well and crossover of services. But largely speaking, those are the kind of two big groups of clients and within the asset owner part of the space, the nature of what we're doing there is more scalable in the sense of to your point custody where adding on a new client requires less in the way of headcount addition and technology spend if you will to customize for what they're doing. Now, you've also heard us talk about certain things like front office solutions. That's a case where with an asset owner client, that we're looking to provide a higher differentiated level of capability for them and then correspondingly have a -- the associated fee that goes with providing that. So that's how I would say in the positioning there, we're trying to differentiate what we're doing, combination of capabilities like front office solutions, and with a higher level of service that is consistent I would say with our brand, with our culture and the way that we approach the client across the company. And then I would say on the asset manager side, the asset manager services that we provide to them that has been a stronger source of growth for us over the last many years but it is more resource intensive. So when you look at the headcount growth that we've had over time, a lot of that is because it's supporting bringing on new business there that does require additional partners meaning employees for us to provide that. And that's an area where I'd say we're trying to be much more selective about those relationships and the opportunities that we pursue there. So you heard me also talk about connectivity points. And the point on that, Mike, is that with an asset manager client, for example, if we're only going to do one thing for them, it's probably not going to be attractive for us whereas if we can do a number of different things across the spectrum, that's where that type of client relationship provides the level of profitability that we're looking for. So that's where I would say that the focus is when you look at the business overall but then within the segments.
Mike O'Grady: The goalposts haven't changed, Alex. I mean that when I say the timing, not even saying like how far out it is per se, but just as you know, the components of that calculation are going to move at different rates for different reasons, meaning markets and organic growth on the fee side. And then likewise, you're going to have time periods where the expense growth can be a little bit higher or a little bit lower on that part of the equation. And so the goalpost is still getting that to that 105% to 110%. We think that's our target operating range for that ratio. And as you've seen, we brought that down. Would we like it to go faster? Yes. But again, it's balancing off the things that we need to do in order to drive organic growth so that you get it the benefit of that on the ratio. And then as Jason is saying, you make certain investments that you absolutely are looking to get greater efficiencies as a result of those going forward. So we have a lot of manual processes, for example, that we're automating across not only the operations of our business, but also across other parts of the business that have to do with our risk and control. So a lot of opportunities there to, yes, improve the resiliency as we've mentioned a number of times, but also get efficiency out of it.
Brennan Hawken: That's a feature within the system where the advisor team or whatever could just adjust the sweep default and go into the money fund rather than deposits.
Brennan Hawken: Right. Well, in an advisory relationship, there's a little bit of a different dynamic. But I got it. Okay. Just given the focus on this, it might be helpful to consider disclosing some of these details going forward, just -- I know you said you didn't have them today, but might be helpful going forward. Appreciate that.
Brennan Hawken: Hi, thanks for taking my follow-up. I just wanted to draw a specific understanding because it was a little unclear with Alex's follow-up to the question on the wealth deposits. Did you say that the advisory wealth deposits are currently priced at 5% or they have the option to elect for money funds that could yield 5%? I'm just trying to square all the commentary.
Brennan Hawken: So just to further add a little color to my question that the option to move into money funds was available at most of the wire houses too, and they made this move. Then my understanding, due to concerns about fiduciary obligation and whether or not just basically paying out that level would be just necessary from a legal perspective. So it sounds like from your answer, you guys don't have any plans to make any change at this stage although as you said depending on competitive pressures, you may seek to make adjustments going forward.
Brian Bedell: It's just on the average balance sheet, I think just the interest-bearing deposit with banks on the asset side, what seems to go down a lot. I didn't know if that's just noise or on the rate on that.
Brian Bedell: And just differentiating between wealth and the asset servicing business in terms of those deposit betas.
Brian Bedell: So on the wealth, just a hammer the helmets. On the wealth side, do you -- across your franchise, do you --
