Biff Bowman: There really isn’t anything unique to call out in the third quarter Luke from previous conversations. It’s business as usual in that space.
Biff Bowman: Yeah, the C&IS investment management fees increased slightly in the quarter due primarily to lower money market mutual fund waivers as you suggest and the gross yields improving in the underlying funds, so that was one of the key drivers of that and you talked about the fee realization I believe as well Luke in that comment and it is a factor on those are largely lower yielding type assets in terms of fees, so that actually improves the overall fee realizations as those large passive outflows are at the lower end of our fee spectrum.
Biff Bowman: Thanks Adam. We are absolutely committed to as we said in our scripted points, we are committed to improving the expenses to trust fee ratios and that is a mixture of both strategic expense and tactical expense initiatives and it can be items that we talked about in the past, our location strategy, technology spend using different storage techniques. I would also argue that around procurement for instance that is a very tactical and strategic investment that we are making to improve our procurement, our process and it’s helping to continue to drive that ratio meaningfully. So, we do look at both tactical and strategic investments to drive the expense in our firm, particularly in relation to the fee growth.
Biff Bowman: Yes, on the outside services there were two drivers of the increase you saw particularly the sequential increase, the first as you described in yours was a move up in consulting spend, particularly related to regulatory initiatives. It’s not uncommon for us to see that in the third and fourth quarter as most financial institutions get feedback on their CCAR or their resolution planning in our case and other meaningful regulatory initiatives in the second quarter and hence the work we need to do to embed that in our business as usual process and to continue to move as those goalposts move forward, we need to move forward with them. So, we see some consulting expense ramp typically in the back half of the year related to that. The second part of outside services, another part of the driver of the ramp in that was really what we refer to as technology, technical services expense, that’s items like the cost of market data and also the technology support costs, this is where we perhaps use off-shore situations to support the growth you see in our technology spend. Those were the two primary drivers of the growth in outside services.
Biff Bowman: Thanks Ashley. The ratio as you rightly point out is both a revenue and an expense component to it and they both matter. So, the ability to continue to grow new business and grow the fees line is as important in improving that ratio, but we do still believe that there is opportunity in items we’ve talked about before. For instance, in our location strategy, we do think there are still drivers in that, in some technological efficiencies i.e. the way we use storage, the way we use the cloud we do believe there are still items there. It is fair to say that that ratio gets harder and harder to drive down as we have taken some of the higher and perhaps easier expense initiatives over time, but we’re focused on both the growth of the fees and the improvement in the expenses and so we do believe we can continue to drive that down. The pace will be helped or hindered by the markets in which we’re operating on the fee line, but we’re continued a strong focus on the expense side continue to drive those because we feel those are much more in our control.
Biff Bowman: Yeah. So, as you’ve seen we’ve moved that from 0% to 27% over the last 10 to 15 years. We do not believe that that’s done, we have not set a finite target, and we’ve certainly not publicly disclosed a finite target, but we don’t believe that it is done at 27% and we still think there’s opportunity. As we opened in various locations Manila is a good example, some of our work that supports some of our Asia work has been done in Chicago in a north timezone. There’s opportunities to move that work from Chicago to Manila over time and we’re continuing to look at that which will help move that number to something higher than 27%.
Biff Bowman: On a constant, it added about 2.5 points on a currency adjusted basis point similar to the revenue growth, so as we discussed, both we’re impacted, revenue about 2%, expense about 2.5%.
Biff Bowman: Yeah, that’s a little difficult to say as the bar around the regulatory world continues to move. We would suggest that in the second half of the year that that spend could continue and then as we finalize and get ready for resubmissions of a capital plan or the resolution plan or other documentation, we’ll wait for feedback and see if the progress we want to make matches up with the expectations. So, I’m hesitant to give you anything more than that in the second half of the year, we will continue to need to spend as we continue to try to embed the process and quite frankly generate a return on the investment we’re making in that business on the regulatory side for our shareholders. So, second half is traditionally where you see that kind of ramp and we’ll wait for feedback in the first part of 2016.
Biff Bowman: It could be. We have to wait and get feedback. I think we’re seeing how we need to respond to the issues we have in front of us.
Biff Bowman: Yeah, we would suggest that it was largely a result of the flows that we just talked about. That it was the outflows of one significant fixed income passive mandate from a non-US client and it was a significant outflow and then we have large sovereign wealth passive mandate clients who for their own strategic purposes in that region have needed to make asset decisions and we saw significant outflows in some of those large sovereign wealth funds as well. Those were the primary drivers as opposed to some macro trend that I think you’re suggesting elsewhere.
Biff Bowman: Yeah, so on the balance sheet, some of the sequential decline that you saw was just normal flows. We have large clients that from time to time can leave large balances and go in any quarters, but I would add to that we have instilled I think a strong discipline around looking at large additions to the balance sheet and have a rigorous process around dialog with the clients on those on really a transaction by transaction basis where we look at what the returns, what the liquidity costs of that would be to the firm and have active dialogues. We like to think about the needs of our clients really from a liquidity perspective and that dialogue is, is the balance sheet to the right vehicle or are there some off-balance-sheet vehicles that are equally attractive so that dialogue could very well have the move to a money market fund of some type and we are our Treasury and our asset management groups are linked and work closely to solve those kind of demands on needs of our clients and so we’ve managed that constructively.
Biff Bowman: I think the discipline that I described will absolutely continue, but we’re a liability driven business model as you know well. So if we continue to grow our asset servicing businesses, working with them you can see that growth, just what I would call organic growth in the firm. So we have to manage that, it is the, as you described it the non-operational deposits that we’re monitoring very closely.
Biff Bowman: The anniversary would be I think the first quarter of 2016. So we could see that one more quarter and as we described it is the, as you will see on a sequential basis and really the spread is on a year-over-year basis, on a year-over-year basis the spreads in the volumes are fairly similar. It was clearly split driven, and the performance and that is, the clients, our clients whose securities are being lent just have an unfavorable split relative to what we’ve had historically and that has moved that split against us if you will. That trend we think will lap in the first quarter of 2016.
Biff Bowman: It’s meaningfully new business is a driver and if you think of that space it is the mandates in that space are very large. Those are large hundred million to billion plus type mandates. So they have a scale when they come in. Some of it is the mix in the business as you described, the asset management makes they have more cash in the GFO, which while lower yielding we haven’t seen any degradation in those balances like we have in other areas. And then the other areas in the regions while the size of those portfolios maybe smaller there is flows and if you think of that a $10 billion current in a lower yielding environment is using some of the principal if you will to live more frequently and that creates some issues in the larger GFO space, there is many more assets to help deal with that issue.
Biff Bowman: Thanks Alex. So I will take that in kind of two parts. The first is, as I mentioned earlier we do look at those opportunities transaction by transaction and we do see some of those were they’ve been I don’t want to say pushed out, they’ve had discussions with the current providers and don’t like the economics of that trade. We look at those, but we’re also looking at with the lens towards what we can generate from a return on our capital on those transactions. On the second part of that in pricing if you will in this space in particular we stay very closely abreast of the market. We evidence that when we went negative in Europe say for instance and some of those rates in Europe are moving even further negative, I think we went to negative 20, we are still at negative 20, but we will continue to look at how those rates move in the U.S., in U.S. dollars there are some competitors who appear to be charging for non-operational deposits in the marketplace. We will keep a close eye on that, we have not made that decision today we have some difficult constraints different constraints as you point out, but we want to stay abreast of market pricing to generate the appropriate level of returns.
Biff Bowman: Yes. We do think we have enough initiatives ongoing inside the firm to help drive that. Again as we pointed out the revenue side of that equation is important as you described of flat markets don’t help that ratio, but we do believe just in the series of expansion initiatives we have over the longer run we can continue to drive that down and you may get some quarterly volatility as you describe but we do believe we can drive it down.
Biff Bowman: We have a portfolio of businesses some of which will require investment as you described and we may run that ratio different, but we have other businesses that are of different levels of maturity what we do as a management team and as a firm is think about the overall growth rate of the firm. We think 7% revenue growth rate in this environment was a meaningful achievement for the firm. We gear those expenses to try to be able to fund that level of growth. So in this period it was 5% to generate 7% of growth, still leveraging the business. In any given business say servicing asset manage managers as you call, we may have that investment period for a period of time create little to no leverage for a business line, but not at a firm level. We still are looking at driving that leveraging into our business. We’re at the top line every can grow seven funding it with five [indiscernible] expense growth is something that we think generates an acceptable return for shareholders.
Biff Bowman: So, the – particularly the large asset management clients in the sovereign wealth funds you described generally have very broad based relationships with the banks. So, we have asset servicing and asset management relationships with them and we have seen over time some of them for instance are geared to oil prices they have ebbs and flows in the valuations and the wealth they create, so we don’t while we see this as a difficult environment currently at current oil prices for instance those will change over time and their asset allocation and their recommitment to certain passive has over periods of time moved back up. So we’ve seen them add assets into the pass of capability in the best of times and we trained trench if you well in times where they need to use those for the local. But we are broad based relationships where you know those clients well and we think their commitment to the passive space is probably in the long-term something that will continue. We happen to be in a period where it is creating more outflows than inflows, but those generally have then what we would consider to be accretive clients over time. They are adding assets to their portfolio.
Biff Bowman: Thanks Jeffrey. We are like many firms looking into the block chain and its potential applications. We are working under the premise really that if you can help, if something can help us perform more effectively and efficiently in service to our clients in areas like operational optimization or asset safety or transparency that we’re going to continue to pursue it aggressively. Currently, we’re close to formalizing a proof of concept effort with a third-party that will help us through or disprove some of what has been theorized around block chain in the institutional space and I think I will probably leave it at that to say we are on the case and there are significant efforts in side of the organization to see how this will impact us.
Biff Bowman: While we won’t give any specific feedback that we got from a regulator they continue to look for us to enhance if you will our modeling capabilities, around how we model certain elements of our submission and our documentation around that. I think they also, feedback we are trying to do is how can we embed this into our business as usual processes, so that’s not a stand-alone exercise, I’m talking specifically around CCAR. For instance how can we use the tools and the models that we use to further enhance processes that we have inside the bank. So we are investing in that with outside expertise to understand how others have done that and how we might best maximize, if you will, the work we need to do from a regulatory standpoint to further leverage it into our business as usual processes.
Biff Bowman: I would say they’re different. I don’t know if they’re bigger or smaller, but I just think there are different types of projects, for instance, there could be certain line items that you want to fund this year to build models for versus in previous submissions different items.
Biff Bowman: Yes. So in both of our businesses, the new business opportunities remain robust and they remain robust across geographies, across product types, across client types. Our new business momentum again in both is quite strong. And as we look into the fourth quarter and beyond, we still see that that robust opportunities set exist in both businesses really haven’t seen any diminution in that.
Biff Bowman: Yes. So if you look either the flattening out or the decreases depending on if you’re looking sequentially are year-over-year. It was almost entirely driven really by the negative impact of the sharply lower equity markets that we have in the third quarter on the sequential decline and relatively flat on a year-over-year. Money market fee waivers perhaps somewhat ironically in that business sequentially were a little bit of a drag as opposed to year-over-year, where there were a benefit. There were some positives in that business, if I could highlight them. I mean, the new business remains strong. We’ve been able to look at some fee discount reductions that was a positive influencer in that business on a year-over-year basis, but again the markets produced a drag. And then lastly, I would say is around the product usage in that space, as we’ve seen some trends, if you will, from active equity, say, passive equity that has created some compression in the fees and the fee realization in the space. The combination of those has flattened that business out. I would only highlight one thing. Now when we look at our competitive landscape particularly in the quarter, this is – we think this is probably a result that is still relatively strong. It’s a tough –it’s been a tough set of comparable financials for this space.
Biff Bowman: Okay, thanks, Marty. Our asset liability committee meets monthly and has a very active dialogue about our thought process around rates and where we are from a duration standpoint. I would only add one comment, I think that generally our investors have – while they care a lot about net interest income, big duration bets is not been something that the bank has looked at, as enhancing to the overall economic return of the bank. That being said, we certainly have interest rate forecasts that we consider. And we have a view on what we think rates will do inside that committee and we’ll make up the appropriate duration bets since I met the appropriate duration for the portfolio through the ALCO Committee.
Biff Bowman: Yes. So we – as you saw, we were at a 99% of total payout ratio in the quarter, and we had a fairly high total payout ratio. We would tend to agree that we think anything above 100% would be very difficult in this environment. So we continue to look at where that capital could be deployed whether that’s in M&A, or whether that’s in other investment inside the firm. And we make those decisions on a regular basis with the firm. We do look at opportunities from time to time, and we’ll continue to do that as alternative uses of the capital.
Biff Bowman: Yes. So I would say on the first part of the question, we’ve only submitted twice under the CCAR regime to your point. So our experience at the CCAR level is still relatively early versus our peers. So the feedback and the work that we need to do will continue in that space. And it’s not just CCAR related, so we were a wave three in resolution planning, for instance. So really getting first sets of feedback around resolution planning versus what you would consider GSIB or other listing providers. So I would say, we’re in different phases in different spaces. In terms of being clear on the ramp in consulting spend, it clearly manifested itself in the third quarter. Don’t have line of sight completed in the fourth quarter, but it could remain elevated at this level unsure. And then in the first quarter of next year, it could still be elevated from levels the year before, but not sure that it will be at the level of Q3 then we’ll wait and get feedback shortly thereafter. So, hopefully, I don’t know that I portrayed that as a diminishing level of this spend, because we still have to see. But right now, it will be elevated on a year-over-year comparison basis.
Biff Bowman: That’s a meaningful or meaningfully desired outcome. But I would say some of the models and tools that we can use can be used, for instance, to help us model trust fee growth and projections to help build our own planning scenarios, our own internal planning scenarios. We can use some of the tools we use for better loan-loss estimation techniques. And there are many other tools that we can embed into our business and not use them just as a standalone CCAR model, but really help run elements of the business.
Biff Bowman: Yes, so it’s similar to the story we’ve talked about in previous quarters Gerard, it’s we got a ramp if you will. Our growth rate in commercial real estate C&I, and what we would refer to as investment secured lending, or personal lending secured by your investment accounts. Those all have double-digit type growth rate offset by a decline in residential real estate. So I think those are largely the growth areas we’ve see in our lending portfolio. It’s also lend ourselves to our portfolio shift, a mix shift, which is allowed for the credit quality, and the strengthening of the credit quality, that you saw to improve and allow for some of the provision release and the reserve release to occur.
Biff Bowman: So, the answer is that it’s some of both, but in many cases this is wealth that’s already been created in the family office exists. The interesting dynamic here is this business often looks like a large institutional investor, so they want a high-end technology, and high-end sophistication to support that family office. And the technology that we’ve built in the platform, we built to support our institutional asset servicing plays very well in that space with the global family offices. It’s a very attractive set of sophisticated solutions that is attractive, it allows us to demonstrate to those individuals that we’ve got a capability to serve these a very high net worth families. So it’s really leveraging what I would say is our institutional platform for these family offices that have many similarities to a large institutional asset owner.
Biff Bowman: The Bridgewater came fully into our run rate in the middle of the third quarter of last year, it came on in August. So you have a little bit of it’s split in this year’s quarter run rate when we go to the fourth quarter it’s fully in from both a revenue and expense standpoint in the next quarter’s comparator. In terms of other large mandates as we called out we had some very significant mandates in the defined contribution space I won’t call out any on the asset servicing side other than what we publicly disclosed. We have had great success in Australia, in particular, around some large asset manager opportunities and several in our European, Middle East, and Africa region as well. So the new business continues to be buoyant.
Biff Bowman: So some of those have been won and have not been implemented yet at this point, so you wouldn’t see them in an AUC or in AUA line. But if we’re the custodian obviously you’ll see them in the AUC line. Today, you would not see that in an AUA, you’ll just see the fees.
Biff Bowman: Yes. So a couple of things. In this quarter, the charge-offs you’re right, slightly higher. But we had specific reserve for over 70% of the charge-offs already accounted for. So that really was a meaningful driver of the release, because we were releasing reserves that had already been accounted for, if you will in this. And in terms of, as I discussed before, the mix of credit in our portfolio is producing stronger credit dynamics. You saw non-performers were down 10%. The mix has improved, really the credit dynamics in the portfolio, so we continue to evaluate that on a quarter by quarter basis. We look at macro trends. So I can’t really say whether that will continue or not, because it depends on how the market evolves. But I know that the overall credit quality right now of our portfolio is improving because of the mix shift I described away from residential real estate and into secured by securities or C&I type loans.
Biff Bowman: So that depends on how the yields play out during the course of the quarter. We did see that improvement at the end of the third quarter. As you’ve seen, we’ve seen some erosion in that and we have to see how that plays out for the yields during the course of the quarter in the funds how much more I met.
Biff Bowman: Yes. Well, we’ve not had any discussions that we would disclose here. The industry is certainly looking at that, I’m sure the mutual fund industry is certainly looking at what I’ll call business continuity response to that and how they, if you will secure with their providers the right type of business continuity planning around that, and we’ll leave it at that at this point I think for that for us. We as a firm feel that we have the right controls in place. And evaluated that type of scenario internally, but we feel that that something that we have our own contingency planning around.
Brian Bedell: Great. And it is nothing, no initiative is big enough to really move the needle enough in that regard and rather, go ahead I’m sorry.
Brian Bedell: Yes. Okay and then maybe just switching gears a little bit to asset management, I guess again through longer term how do you view the sovereign wealth dynamic obviously that this quarter for the entire industry there were a lot of outflows, but how do you view that as the client channel longer term and also how do you think you’re positioned within your asset management business passively and actively for longer term demand in non-US institutional clients.
Brian Bedell: Great. And importantly you have the whole relationships so there is a broad suite of services that you are providing for those clients. Okay, great. Thanks that’s very helpful.
