Michael O’Grady: Thank you, Jennifer. Let me join in welcoming you to our first quarter 2023 earnings call. The recent disruption in the banking sector reminds us of the importance of resiliency to be able to meet the needs of clients in all operating environments. During the past six weeks, much like over the past 130 years, our strong balance sheet and conservative approach to risk management have enabled us to provide the support, liquidity and exceptional service our clients have come to expect from us. Northern Trust continues to be viewed as a source of strength and stability as symbolized by our anchor. During the quarter, we continued to assist our clients manage their liquidity, including deposits, money market funds and short-term treasuries through the transition from a period of quantitative easing and low interest rates to one of rapid tightening and higher rates. Overall, we saw client liquidity increased during the quarter as a decline in deposits was more than offset by increases in higher yielding money market funds. Our results for the first quarter reflect sequential improvement in revenue and expense growth. The sequential growth and trust fees outpaced the slight decrease in net interest income, which still experience healthy year-over-year growth. Expense growth moderated from recent quarters, which was attributable to both our renewed spending discipline and certain timing differences. Within our wealth management business, assets under management grew mid-single digits sequentially, while our trust fees increased modestly. The turmoil in the banking space contributed to a flurry of new business activity later in the quarter. We saw solid new account openings, particularly at the upper end of the wealth market. We took in almost $1 billion in inflows from the $50 million and over segment alone, and discussions are continuing with a solid pipeline of prospective clients. In asset management, we had a strong start to the year with a sequential increase in new business, including large inflows into our institutional money market platform. New product launches focused on alternatives and extending securities lending capabilities in our collective funds space with three new funds launched. Within asset servicing, we saw continued momentum with particularly good traction in Europe. For example, during the quarter, we transitioned in Artemis investment management, a large UK-based investment manager for whom we are providing a full suite of services, including custody, fund administration, investment operations outsourcing and risk and handling services for both their UK and Luxembourg funds. In closing, we are well-positioned to continue to serve our clients and navigate the ongoing economic uncertainty from a position of strength. I'll now turn the call over to Jason.
Michael O’Grady: Sure. The most important thing and you referenced it is that it's just - it's an uncertain environment. And although we've got well over $50 billion in what we refer to as economic liquidity, which is the cash we have on hand at the Fed here and central banks around the world and also the short-term securities we have, so that provides a ton of liquidity, but the environment is just uncertain. And so in some ways, we want to just maintain as much liquidity as possible and not be greedy. And on the other side, the balance sheet is always available for clients particularly from a liquidity perspective. And that means we want to leave plenty of room for clients that either want to deposit with us, or also might need lending from us. And so these uncertain times, just call for maximum patience for us and maximum flexibility, so that we can be available for whatever our clients want.
Michael O’Grady: Sure. Yes, you're right. There’s a – if you think about this effectively, the securities book at $50 billion acts as the ultimate fulfillment of incompletion mechanism in the balance sheet. We couldn't do all of that with loans, but we certainly have capacity to do a lot more. But it's always going to start from our perspective with maintaining prudent credit quality and approach. And then working, the best thing we can do is work with existing clients on existing types of loans. And so that's why a couple of years ago, you heard us talk about an initiative to do more lending, we did that. That was very largely with existing clients. From here forward, we're not looking to have an any initiatives to dramatically increase the loan book. From our perspective, it's responding to clients as they need in different categories. And - but the turmoil that we're looking at, it does provide opportunities. If you look at the - if you look internally at the opportunities that we have, there's a lot of opportunity. And so we have to be thoughtful about how to grow and with what clients or prospects we want to grow. But this is a period where there are opportunities out there.
Michael O’Grady: And Alex, I would just add that there's no question with whatever with everything that's happened here, that the market for deposits is more competitive. So there's more price competition with lots of banks looking to retain or gain deposits, and pricing aggressively to do that. Of course, we have to likewise, price to make them attractive for our clients. But at a certain point, if it's just going to get priced away on price as opposed to relationships, then you're going to see some go away. And just more broadly on deposits, it's just, I think, important to understand the nature of our client base, which well, but just asset owners, asset managers wealth clients, that have different characteristics than a lot of other institutions. Certainly, on the operational side these are deposits that they have as a part of running their operations. And so very sticky in the sense that it's based on transaction flows, rather than necessarily rate per se. And on the other hand these are institutions that are evaluated based on their performance. And so when rates go up as fast as they have here they have to make sure they're earning returns overall. So they're looking to be efficient. And with our wealth clients as well we're working with them to make sure that they get attractive returns overall. So a lot of dynamics at play, and I think it's important understand the characteristics of our client base, relative to others.
Michael O’Grady: Mike, I would say that our perspective is the same in the sense of we're looking I'll call it sequentially and quarter-over-quarter and looking to make improvement in that. And getting they're both on the numerator and the denominator. So holding tight and trying to reduce where we can on the expense side, and then growing the fee side as we go through there. And as you seem if you look at it sequentially there, we kind of bottomed out with the fees in the fourth quarter, and now they're up very, very slightly, but then depending on markets, but then more importantly, how we drive organic growth underneath that. We're looking to increase fees as we go forward on a sequential basis while at the same time having the discipline on the expense side to keep bringing that expense, the trophy ratio down.
Michael O’Grady: Sure. So in each of the businesses there are pricing groups that set an overall rate. But there are also leaders within the regions and then down to relationship managers that have the ability to work at individual client levels to do what's right. And so we're always thinking about what is our overall pricing relative to peers, by geographical region within wealth management even. But then there are times when they're very large clients that might come with $50 million, $100 million, $250 million. And that's obviously not going to be priced off of a rate sheet. We're going to talk about that and the overall bias, and we're having conversations with clients, again, when we're talking about what to do. And if they're going to keep a deposit, looking at us versus competition, that just keep it on our platform. And so even though, we've thrown out the beta in that 30% to 40% range, and that may seem like it's we're looking at where the market is and making sure that the balance sheet again is available, and making sure that we're not cannibalizing the whole base of deposits in order to pick up some volume. But obviously, we've talked about it from the beginning, our strategic bias in wealth for deposits is keep the business on our platform.
Michael O’Grady: So Brian, I would start by saying that the way you characterize the first phase, kind of the panic phase is, although we did have caught like, a strong week of inflows around that time period, it really wasn't a panic environment where I people were pushing deposits over the counter so to speak. I think there were different dynamics at play relative to other time periods. And that's why I say what we're seeing is more kind of the longer play out in this I think clients and prospects thinking about who their long term financial partner is, and ensuring that it's somebody that they're comfortable is going to be there and has the strength and stability. And so that's why I say it's less of a blip and more of a long term, I call it trend is the way that we would see it. And for us, without a doubt, it is playing off of our brands. It's playing off of the 130 year history of being around and being a strong partner. That, as you know, has been consistent for a long time. In certain environments, it plays better than others. We think this is an environment going forward where it plays very well.
Michael O’Grady: No, not from here. I mean we know we had a lift in this quarter, just an elevation of lift on both revenue expense. So it hurt on the expense side, but not really modeling significant change from here.
Michael O’Grady: It was good. And there's no reason we can't continue to be in the market with a couple things working in our favor. One, if we've got good return on equity in this event, it's something like we picked up 35-40 basis points from that income. You give up, maybe half of that in dividends. But we also know that we're getting a lift from over time, the AOCI is going to pull the par and that gives a lift. I think it's also noteworthy the balance sheet repositioning we did. That was a creative to CET1 because it helped reduce our WA. And so those things helped. And so if you think about those dynamics of what is return on equity, where are we from a dividend payout ratio perspective, and then the pulling apart AFCI in general, it gives us some room to buy back stock, while at the same time increasing CET1 to be at levels that are more consistent with if you look at our long term history, we're still a little bit lower than where we were. And you we're always looking at where our peers and where's the where's the competition and making sure we have good buffers, but that's how we're thinking about it nowadays. I'll tell you we do look, every day where we know the impact of rates on AOCI. And so that's a factor you can you should imagine we're thinking about intra quarter.
Michael O’Grady: Yes. We've talked about the we get a good sense of where we are at the end of the quarter relative to the averages. And so it gives us the launch point, frankly, is positive relative to where we are. And you're right that the money market funds in general, that's an attractive fee business for us. And so all those things playing in our favor, but we also know markets have a really big impact and then also as much as we talk about organic growth in the business. What happens with markets in the short run is often the bigger driver. The last thing I'll mention is that an asset servicing in particular, that pipeline in the short run of one not funded one not onboarded is still above historical levels. And so the short run, it looks positive. We have less visibility out late in the year, but the asset servicing side still is also attractive relative to history. And we gave you even more information, I think, on the wealth management side of the business.
Michael O’Grady: Yes. And in general, it's going to depend on where we go in the market and how we in and what sources of wholesale funding that we use. And so it's FHLB and sometimes we're doing other sources. But in general, it's been in the mid fours this past quarter. And going forward, I think it's just, it's obviously going to be impacted by rates and where and what happens with the Fed. And so but I think the fact that we've gotten two questions this time means we'll probably in the future, try and give you guys a little bit more information on the impact of FICC repo, and how that's impacting the borrowing costs. And there's also impact on the asset side to be fair, as well. So we'll provide some more information on it.
Michael O’Grady: Yes. I am going to, there's a couple areas where I mentioned 5s and 10s. So let me I'm going to be a little bit repetitive forgive me, but it'll make sure that I was 100% clear on them. Because there's a couple of different areas that you might have been referencing. On comp no movements between buckets. We're thinking take first quarter, reduce it by 40 million for the retirement eligible and some other and some other factors that play into the incentive line. And then add 20 for merit increase. That gives you a decent starting point to say, okay, what's going to happen with the business going forward. Second dynamic that I mentioned does have movement between line items. It's movement between outside services and equipment software. And there's about a $5 million move. That's going to happen second quarter, from equipment and software into outside services. Outside services should be about $20 million higher than first quarter. That $20 million includes the $5 million from equipment and software. On equipment software, still think that line item is going to be up a few million dollars in second quarter.
Michael O’Grady: Yes Tom. The additional color I give you there is that certainly highly competitive, but there are quite a few opportunities that are out there. So active market, and I would say a lot of what's driving it is with the impact on the markets last year equity markets being down 19%, 20% that put a lot of pressure on asset managers. And as a result, having them look at their operating models, how they can become more efficient, and looking to either outsource activities and or consolidate providers. And so that has increased again the level of opportunities in the marketplace and can cut both ways. I mean situations where they were advantaged, but other situations where I'll say we're more on the defensive because it's an existing client or one of two being an existing client. So very active at this point and obviously trying to win more than our share.
Michael O’Grady: Yes. It's interesting. I think Gerard actually might have asked that exact question a few weeks ago, which seems like quarters ago. And my thought on that is that first of all the trajectory, the slope of the curve matters a ton. And having a somewhat steeper yield curve matters a lot. And secondly, you want rates to be above very low. And so when rates are, if I call it 50 days, when Fed funds rates are below 50 basis points or below, it's hard, it's just hard for us to get good return on equity. And we start to play in the fee waiver land, which just is not, it's not that we lose money in money market funds, but that whole business, the economics of it change a lot. But then, lastly, the pace with which you get to any environment matters a lot. And that's why a lot of banks who struggle this time. It's not the yo curve, it's the pace of change. And you'll literally 12 months ago, today, and Fed moving this aggressively in a relatively short period of time, it just creates a, it's very tough to deal with pace. So those would be, those are the three dynamics that are forefront of mind from our lens.
Michael O’Grady: So we have actually gotten a pretty good head start on those but very little impact already in the numbers. It happened later in the quarter and there's the areas of the business where they happen. We just haven't seen them play through very much yet. Some impact, but light.
Michael O’Grady: And then again, remember that, remember, also that we've said this is about getting jobs into the right places. And so in many instances, this is about transitioning jobs from lower costs, from higher cost locations to lower cost locations. And so we'll see some benefit, but it's not the impact of taking the roles that we're exiting times the average cost, there's some exit in some instances. Again, I think just super instructive to focus on what we mentioned earlier, we're thinking about the our target is to try and get that overall expense growth rate into the right level. And we're thinking about all of these different expense categories in aggregate to get there.
Michael O’Grady: No, we will, as opportunities come up for us, we're still contemplating it, not necessarily done, I mean, as you know, the spreads not, it's not extremely high there. So there's a combination of liquidity management but also the spread that's available. But moving that from 76 to 114 is a big move. There's also one other dynamic in that line item which is that there was some Euro investment leveraging that had been opt in the non-U.S. Office interest bearing line that has been reclassed into other borrowing. And so that's a little over billion dollars and so it is just another dynamic to the increase that you see there. but back to, we have got capacity for leveraging and we will continue to think about where to use it.
Jason Tyler: Sure, Alex. So as I did mention, there has been a lot of activity. And as we've talked about before, when there's more money in motion, we do have the opportunity to grow a little bit faster. And so we did see that pickup in the first quarter after the back half of last year. We've talked about the fact that there was less activity as a result of the interest rate environment. That said, this is something where the nature of the clients that we serve and that we work with and that we look to bring on Board are pretty meaningful. And so it's a longer-term process. And I would say business building process than what I would call a sales process to do that. I mentioned, some of the momentum that we saw in the upper part of the market above $50 million and the fact that we have a lot of prospects in that area as well. So we see this more as I would say a longer running opportunity rather than a one quarter, two quarter opportunity. And that's how we're approaching it.
Jason Tyler: Sure. So let me give you a couple of incremental data points to work with. One, you're right, we - and it's typical, obviously, as you know well, Alex, for us to see a drop after the peak of tax season. And so it has come down a few in the range of $4 billion or $5 billion since that average relative to that average. And that said, we from a mix perspective, not seeing anything dramatically different early on. And we talked about the fact that the non-interest bearing mix is higher than even if last time rates were up. But as rates flattened out, probably less incremental shift from that mix, and then within wealth in particular, the - Mike mentioned the growth there and you're exactly right and calling out a lot of it going to cash. And I mentioned that there's a lift overall in client liquidity. So of the lift that we've seen in cash, about $5 billion of that was in the wealth channel alone over the quarter. And so and that more than offsets the deposit decline that we saw in that channel. And so you just get a sense that the flows in that business are positive, and give us a sense that there's good activity there. 
Jason Tyler: It's highly dependent. It varies by size, by region, by type. And so it's hard to give a - it's impossible to give a specific number on it. But if you look at the what might be instructive, as you're thinking about it, is more of an overall average cost across the book, which is, call it, 200 to 250 basis points.
Jason Tyler: Yes. absolutely. You're right. And that line item can move around a lot. So let me give you a short term, and then maybe a longer term dynamic. In the short run, that line item it was impacted by call it two things; one, some timing. So we know that there's some of that improvement will likely come back online in second quarter. And then secondly, we've taken expense actions in that category. And so we've worked really hard to work down consulting, to work down other tech services, sub-custody, negotiating hard on third party advisory fees. And so some of it definitely is related to the expense measures that we talked about broadly related to the productivity office, but there's also some timing there too. And so as you think about second quarter, this is an area where you'll see a meaningful increase, call it $20 million, just quarter-over-quarter going into next year. About $5 million under that is just a movement from on-premise processing that would show up in equipment and software moving up into outside services. But there's also just business growth and timing related there as well. We're obviously not going to see $20 million lifts consistently. But that's one we're likely to see one going into second quarter.
Jason Tyler: Sure. So on the first. The reality is even this quarter, you could see there's a new factor introduced into NII which is just client preference. And you can see just how often even this morning on this call, we don't talk about just deposits in isolation. We talk about them in conjunction with money market funds. And a part of that is that culturally, we have an incredibly strong focus just on providing advice to clients across whatever is appropriate for them. And there are advantages to being an in deposits. There are advantages to being in money market funds. There are advantages to being in short term treasuries. And we think about that. We tracked inside the company, that's what we were looking at very, very closely on a very periodic, on a very frequent periodic basis. And so I think that's important for people to understand we're not nudging clients in one direction or the other; just talking to them about the advantages of each. And so the reality is from here NII is going to be based on more than on interest rates. It's going to be based on volumes and volumes last quarter, we were talking about the impact of QT, and we were talking about taxes. Now, this new factor that's been introduced is what is client preference between those three pillars of client liquidity, and we could see that going in either direction. And for us, that's totally fine, as long as we're continuing to grow client liquidity. And so it's hard to model in the short run. But if we think about the traditional factors, Fed rate increases, the institutional business, which is called 70% to 80% of our deposits, we're at about 100% beta there. And that's kind of flattened out. In the wealth channel, the betas are meaningfully lower. They are call it 30% to 40%. And so still with Fed action, because that's all impacted in U.S. dollars, there's benefit from that lift still. And then you've got to introduce the other factors what happens with QT and then what happens with client preference across the pillars. And then from a NIM perspective, just the last comment I'll make is that you saw our leverage ratio is strong, and it's in the mid 7s. And it gives us an opportunity if we want to take advantage if there's a positive carry, to do more leveraging and still maintain great liquidity for our clients. That's helpful to NII. But it's obviously, it brings down NIM.
Jason Tyler: Yes. Part of it is the higher bar, but part of it is the entry is doing more in the, I think part of the reason that that the cost of that is elevated is the [thick] is us doing more [thick] repo for clients and just providing more liquidity options for them. And the way the accounting works for that with the netting it just leads to a higher, it makes it look like a higher cost than what it is. And so we're going to talk about whether maybe even break that out separately and provide more detail on the future on it because it's becoming to your exact point, it's just becoming a little bit larger. But that's the reason you see that movement in the short run.
Jason Tyler: Yes. Sure. So a couple thoughts. One, we're much more accurate and being able to track the money market fund than we are treasuries. And let me just give an example or two to illustrate why that's the case. We could and we actually did have a small number of very large institutional clients that might say, might have said, a quarter ago, we'd just like to park some money on the balance sheet. We've worked with them on what rate that is. And then they might say for a variety of reasons we want to go to short term treasuries. If they do that they might use if, it's a financial service, that's fine. It could be a hedge fund, it could be an asset manager, if they have a prime broker, they're more likely to use their prime broker to manage that. Is that really us? It's certainly not us losing a lot of net interest income because the pricing on the deposit is going to be really tight, but difficult for us to track and really confirm where that's going. The other end of the spectrum is in wealth management financial advisors are literally calling their clients and saying rates are higher. You're sitting on $750,000 in cash. Let's talk about what you'd like to do with that. Would you like to move that into a money market fund? Would you like to move it into a CD? Would you like to start building out and ladder a treasury portfolio? We can track that much more accurately. And so different components but in general, the statistics that we gave are biased toward the information that we can track and that we know stayed in house. And so if there's an information bias, it's toward us ensuring that the numbers we're telling you are reflective of what stayed here.
Jason Tyler: Sure. It's good to take a step back on this because it is how we've been talking about it internally recently. And one way to frame this Ken is, if you think back to charges, I'm going to because that's just the way we were not ignoring the charges. But the way we've talked about them internally, X charges, we had 9% expense growth last year. And then we don't, that's not acceptable for us. And so we've got to bend that curve aggressively. We know we're carrying part of that forward with what we know about the impact of hiring and merit increase and off cycle adjustments given the labor environment last year. But that said, we're targeting getting two points out of last year's growth rate for the full year of 2023. And in general all the expense areas are going to be addressed collectively to get to that 7% or better expense growth rate. And so you look at a couple of couple that are notable, because they've got big movements to them. One, look at comp and that look good for first quarter. You look into second quarter, we know there's about $40 million coming out, because of the seasonality of the retirement eligible grants and some other dynamics there. But we also know we've got $20 million in merit coming online in second quarter. The incentive accrual is also in that line. And that varies is profitability. And then from there, everything else is going to be driven by what happens in business from hiring and other actions and expense measures and things like that. And then we talked about outside services and how that's got a big step up next quarter. And then maybe the last one, I'll highlight equipment software, even though we've got that move from equipment software into outside services. We've got clear visibility on some incremental depreciation coming online, maybe not in second quarter, but in third. And so you can see a $5 million step up in that line item in second quarter, but then we know we've got $10 million in depreciation coming in third quarter. So those are the big pieces at a super high level and then as well, a couple of the big moves underneath it.
Jason Tyler: We've been given a lot of information. I would hope to give you a really good answer on this one. But I think we got to leave it with where the deposit levels are, where the balances have been, where the deposit levels are. And then it look from there on, there's just so many factors moving around and particularly just client preference, and you were being so emphatic and saying we're not going to try to nudge in any direction just provide good advice there. So it's hard to bind it. I have to say the big factors that we see from here, with volumes being down so far, it's hard, I'm hard pressed to see how we match the 544 of second quarter. And so I am going to say down, but not do too much more than that to give an anticipation just given the volatility in the market about client preference and where deposits are going.
Jason Tyler: I think in the other borrowingsind you also have some of the Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings, which, during this time period, we term some of those out, which previously was more all overnight and just in this time period, with the uncertainty wanted to add additional liquidity to the balance sheet.
