Mark Bette: Thank you, Olivia. Good morning, everyone. And welcome to Northern Trust Corporation’s first quarter 2021 earnings conference call. Joining me on our call this morning are Mike O'Grady, our Chairman and CEO; Jason Tyler, our Chief Financial Officer; Lauren Allnutt, our Controller; and Kelly Lernihan from our Investor Relations team. Our first quarter earnings press release and financial trends report are both available on our website at northerntrust.com. Also on our website, you will find our quarterly earnings review presentation which we will use to guide today’s conference call. This April 20th call is being webcast live on northerntrust.com. The only authorized rebroadcast of this call is the replay that will be made available on our website through May 18th. Northern Trust disclaims any continuing accuracy of the information provided in this call after today. Now for our Safe Harbor statement. What we say during today’s conference call may include forward-looking statements which are Northern Trust’s current estimates and expectations of future events or future results. Actual results, of course, could differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements, because the realization of those results is subject to many risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. I urge you to read our 2020 annual report on Form 10-K and other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for detailed information about factors that could affect actual results. During today’s question-and-answer session, please limit your initial query to one question and one related follow-up. This will allow us to move through the queue and enable as many people as possible the opportunity to ask questions as time permits. Thank you again for joining us today. Let me turn the call over to Mike O'Grady.
Mark Bette: Right. Yeah. The 60% in C&IS is really the asset values, which would be all asset values, equity mark -- equity assets, as well as fixed income or cash. And then as we look across in wealth management, there is more of a relationship there to the assets, but the equity sensitivity if that’s what you are looking at is a little different. And the regions the equity sensitivity is probably 50% to 55%, whereas when you get to the global family office, there the equity sensitivity is probably closer to a third…
Mark Bette: Yeah. Just to make sure I’m tracking totally. So you’re talking about other non-interest income at $180 million on the income statement.
Mark Bette: Yeah. So this is Mark. So you’re referring to, when we talk about the sensitivity of the -- of those fees that about 60% to 65% are asset sensitive and then the rest are kind of either there mix quite frankly, there’s transaction volumes within those. There are some flat fees or fixed fees or even account level fees. So you could maybe say roughly half of it is transaction volume related. So -- and we did see a pickup this quarter in those transaction volumes that created some of the sequential lift that we saw or percent or 1% or so of the sequential lift that we saw. So I hope that is answering your question.
Mark Bette: Yeah. That’s probably fair. I don’t necessarily have the numbers that you’re doing, because we don’t -- I don’t have it broken down specifically like that. That’s kind of a directional guide that moves around each quarter that split. But yeah, I mean, we did -- we certainly saw heavier transaction activity during this most recent quarter, that would have benefited those fees by a bit.
Mark Bette: And just to clarify. This is Mark. The base pay adjustment, the year-over-year increase is still reflecting of any base pay adjustments that happened in the previous year. We’re still lapping that. So if that’s what you were referring to Brian in the release or in some of the comments we made that that would have been what that was referring to not this years.
Mark Bette: Yeah. So on the C&IS line, I think, that’s what you’re looking at the investment management fees. On a sequential basis, ex waivers you are -- I think we were up about 6%. Probably, three quarters of that, two-thirds or three quarters of that came from market lift. So there was some sequential organic growth there. But I don’t know if that’s what specifically if you’re looking at.
Mark Bette: Yeah. There were some flow activities that we saw there. Like Mike had mentioned, we’ve been seeing good growth in ESG, some of the quant active products as well. But the waivers there on a sequential basis, certainly, kind of overwhelmed, what we saw from both favorable markets, as well as business flows.
Mark Bette: Thanks for joining us today and we look forward to seeing you in July for our second quarter update.
Mike O'Grady: Thank you, Mark. Let me join in welcoming you to our first quarter 2021 earnings call. Amid the ongoing public health crisis, I hope you and your families are healthy and well. At Northern Trust, we continue to operate in what we call resiliency mode, which means we are focused on providing our clients continuity of service, while the majority of our employees worldwide are working remotely. Before turning the call over to Jason to walk through the financials in detail, I wanted to offer some brief comments on our performance for the quarter. Our results for the quarter resulted in earnings per share growth of 9% versus the prior year and a return on average common equity of 13.7%. Revenue was consistent with the prior year, as declines in net interest income and trading-related revenue were offset by 6% growth in trust fees. The persistent low interest rate environment has pressured our net interest income, as well as our trust fees as reflected by money market fee waivers. While overall year-over-year operating leverage was negative, the 6% growth in trust fees did produce 1 point of positive fee operating leverage, despite the impact of fee waivers, which reduced our trust fee growth versus the prior year by 5 percentage points. The current quarters’ results also benefited from an improved economic outlook, which drove a $30 million release of reserves for credit losses. Throughout the past year, our strong capital base and liquidity profile enabled us to support the needs of our clients and this was demonstrated further during the first quarter, as we saw 10% sequential growth in average total deposits and 3% sequential growth in average loan balances. Throughout this challenging environment, we have effectively executed on initiatives to continue to drive organic growth within each of our businesses, one of our key strategic initiatives. Within Wealth Management, our digital marketing efforts and Northern Trust Institute have driven more conversations and engagement, and we’ve experienced an increase in client engagement during the quarter. Within Asset Management, we have continued to see success and growth within ESG mandates, with assets under management of $139 billion at quarter end and our quant active strategies have experienced strong relative performance, providing us good momentum. In our Asset Servicing business, we continue to see organic growth during the quarter, with the success being well diversified across regions, products and client segments. Moving forward, we remain focused on continuing to effectively navigate through the persistent low interest rate environment, focusing on driving greater efficiencies, as well as continuing to grow organically in a scalable and profitable manner. Finally, I want to express my sincere appreciation for our employees whose commitment, expertise and professionalism throughout these extraordinary times continues to be exceptional. Now, let me turn the call to Jason to review our financial results in greater detail for the quarter.
Mike O'Grady: Sure. So, Glenn, as you described there, we are seeing strong organic growth across the company and specifically in Asset Servicing. And I would say, the first place I would started the foundation of our growth strategy is retaining existing clients. And as you would imagine, going through the pandemic, being able to support clients has been extremely important. But also, I think, I earned us the right if you will to continue to serve our clients, many of them our largest clients. So that’s been a big positive. Second, I would say is that, we have seen, I would say, a full return to marketplace activity. So our clients, both asset owners and asset managers are actively looking at their own operating models and looking for opportunities either to become more effective in how they invest on behalf of their beneficiaries or improving the efficiency of the way they do that. So, consolidating operations or providers, utilizing new technology and that has played very well into our strategies in Asset Servicing that we’ve had underway for years. So thinking about things like front office solutions, which is an investment book of record for clients that have high levels of alternative assets, the ability to look at across their portfolio in order to manage their business and then thinking about our asset manager clients, our whole office strategy is definitely resonating as well, where we can provide services across front, middle and back office. So high level of activity and then, I would say, success with strategies we’ve had in place for some time period.
Mike O'Grady: Yeah. Let me take that in a few different buckets. You’re right. The productivity is extraordinarily important. And we go and we scratch and claw and do everything we can to earn new business. That’s hard to do. It’s not overly predictable. But what we can do is exhibit extreme discipline on the productivity side. And so we haven’t put external metrics to that, but we’re looking at it a lot of different ways internally. We look at operating leverage, which we talked about earlier. We look at fee operating leverage and then internally we’re able to look at organic trust fee operating leverage. And so from our perspective, we want to see -- we want to -- we don’t want to just call expenses up or down, because a lot of our business relates -- a lot of our expenses relates to the amount of new business that’s coming in. And if we continue to show growth in the different areas of the business, we’re going to see lift in those expenses, we just want to make sure it’s related in the proper way to the organic growth that’s coming in. Now, you’re right, headcount was down and that comes back to the initiatives that we talked about in January and so you see -- it’s a meaningful reduction for us of about 300 headcount and that played through in lower salary expense for the company. And so that’s -- those are meaningful movements and I think reflective of the discipline that and the commitment we have around expense management. Then on fee waivers, you’re right, it’s a -- that is a -- it’s a very, very difficult dynamic that we’re facing. And I also think people need to realize we’ve talked about the fact that the $50 million we have this quarter, we’re still seeing lower rates on the short end of the curve. As much as we’ve seen the one year, five-year, 10-year up, we’ve seen overnight repo at zero and one and that’s very difficult for a $275 billion pool of money market funds. And that’s why we’ve tried to give consistent information, not guidance, but a consistent run rate on how those fee waivers are going. And as we sit right now that number looks more like $65 million to $70 million on a quarterly run rate basis. Now, hopefully, as the Fed balance sheet changes, we see some improvement there. But that’s where we sit today and so it’s something we have to monitor and obviously it has a big impact on the pretax margin you identified.
Mike O'Grady: Sure. It’s going to varies by the areas of business that we’re talking about. In general 60% in C&IS, 60% -- about 60% are based on asset values in some ways and then in wealth, you can split it even more. Mark, you might have those numbers close to the top of your head, but it’s…
Mike O'Grady: Sure. So you’re right, I mean total interest-related deposits up, interest-bearing deposits up and I think the good news is that interestingly we were able to hold on to the margin. You saw a decline in LIBOR and even in that book we also saw a decline in cost. And despite the fact that part of the book is below zero and I think that’s meaningful. To get to your question about volume levels and the net -- the nature of the deposits, there’s no doubt a lot of those deposits are non-operational and so we need to let them season before we would do much beyond putting those at Central Banks. That said, there are other things we can do, because we’ve got capacity in the balance sheet. But obviously, the nature of how we run the treasury book is to let those types of deposits, the ones that are more institutional and might be more trans -- more transitional season before we would take longer term exposure on those.
Mike O'Grady: Sure. So, you’re right, that it’s less of a process, it’s less of an algebraic calculation and more where we want to be on a relative basis at this point. We -- I’ve -- you guys have heard us talk consistently about thinking about our engagement with the Board where we’re totally aligned, but we want to make sure that that conversation continues to take place, where are we on an absolute basis, how we think about things on a relative basis and how we think about things from a regulatory perspective. And right now I’d say just keeping an eye on what the industry doing -- is doing is important. So the absolute levels less so. We’ve got plenty of room obviously from a CET1 perspective sitting at 12 given where the regulatory minimum are. And so if you think about Tier 1 leverage, even though the industry has talked about coming down significantly, we’re -- we’ve still printed well into the 6s and that’s $125 billion average deposit base. So I’m not going to -- I’m not giving you our buffers here, but just take a 5% number, just to get your question out about what our capacity would look like. If you came all the way down to 5%, that would translate to a balance sheet of about $200 billion and you could have $170 billion in deposits, all else equal on the balance sheet today. And so you’re talking about easily $40 billion on a base of $125 billion currently and so that’s a lot of room. And I think, also, importantly, it’s not like we use the balance sheet for clients that for organizations we don’t know. We’re really dealing from a candidate pool of depositors that are existing clients. And so, at this point, we feel good about the capacity we have, but it’s obviously something that we’re watching, given how dramatically things can change, given set actions and where deposits were 15 months ago.
Mike O'Grady: Thanks for clarifying. Let me tack with that. Let me tackle that directly. It’s interesting, because this quarter is a great example of how we don’t just think about do we buy back stock or not, there are different ways we can invest capital and that return -- that 10% to 15% return target, it comes up in everything we do from a capital perspective, including using the balance sheet to help clients. And so this quarter, you saw the capital levels come down, not because there was a meaningful decline in CET1, but because there’s more activity in from a client perspective and that showed up with an increase in RWA on the denominator. And we saw higher sec lending activity, we saw higher lending activity and we saw higher treasury activity in the form of more bond buying, muni purchases. In each of those areas, we’re thinking about what’s the best way to use our balance sheet in the long run and what’s the best way to think about return. And for us we can think about the returns of buying back $1 stock. We’re looking at the -- we’re looking at everything from what we think our returns are going to be there. What’s -- what are we getting in terms of price-to-book. We’re also looking at the desire to be there with clients and what those returns will look like. And when we have the ability to think about lending or expanding C&IS relationships with the other things I mentioned, those things come up as very attractive ways for us to use capital. It turns into better -- it turns into good growth for us in the long run and good use of capital.
Mike O'Grady: I felt decent about coming down a couple basis points in that book and I think it’s reflective that a lot of that book is international. It’s in currencies that are already used to having negative rates. And so that dynamic that we’ve talked about that once zero is broken, there’s an expectation that the beta will continue at that point seems to be playing through there. And so wouldn’t necessarily and we’ve talked to clients a lot about where rates are there, because it’s obviously can be a sensitive topic. But I think the win there is. We’ve got good dialogue with clients that indicate we’re all looking at things like the year the same way and tracking deposit costs. So we don’t have further deterioration as the asset side compresses more.
Mike O'Grady: So, in wealth, I -- we’ve continued to grow. But you’re right, the marketplace is extremely competitive, which is why it’s so important that we stay focused on both the parts of the market where we think we compete most effectively and on providing for the clients in that segment. So where we’re seeing our strongest growth has been in the upper part of the market there. So think about clients with assets above $20 million and particularly during this time period, where equity values are going up, there’s obviously been an increase in wealth. So that drives growth. But then also with the change in administration and potential changes in taxes and things like that, it increases the need for planning. So a high level of activity, both with our existing clients, but also opportunities with prospects.
Mike O'Grady: I will start and then I am sure, Jason, can add detail to it. But it’s -- on the expense side, it’s a very dynamic situation right now. What I mean by that is, we’re obviously still in this resiliency mode that we talked about, which has certain, say, costs to it, but also there are certain expenses that we’re not incurring at this point. So obviously, travel and business promotion is lower than it was pre-pandemic. We’re not operating with as many people in our facilities. The cost of operating those facilities is lower. So you do have some lower costs on that front that to the extent that we transition out of that you would expect that those would increase. The second thing I would say is, with regard to the organic growth that we’ve talked about, it does require investment. That can be supporting large new clients and it also can come in the form of bringing on new talent to continue this growth. I mean, as you bring on new talent, you want to make sure that you’re providing the right level of service across all of our businesses and that means making sure that we have the people that go along with this. And then the third piece, I would just say, is around our digitalization efforts, which again have accelerated in the last year and I think we’re seeing the benefit of that, but it does require investment in technology as well to ensure that, yes, we’re adding those capabilities, but we’re doing it in the right safe, secure, stable way. So that backdrop does, say, okay, we’re going to continue to grow, but it’s going to require investment and that’s why Jason talked about earlier, we also have to be focused on efficiency. And we did see as a part of the remote working environments, there are some efficiencies in that as well. And so how can we, for example, look at our real estate footprint and see if there are opportunities to shrink the footprint and use that to support some of the investments that I talked about.
Mike O'Grady: So, Betsy, as you know, the financial markets are constantly innovating and evolving, have for some time period and in the business we’re in we absolutely have to keep pace with that. And do it in a way that again, it allows us to provide the safety and security for the clients in managing their assets, and crypto and digital assets more broadly is right now clearly one of the areas that evolving the fastest. And so on that front to your point with regard to custody of crypto assets or cryptocurrencies. We’ve partnered with Standard Chartered in a venture called Zodia, which will provide that crypto custody. And I think what’s important there, what we’re trying to accomplish is leverage the traditional custody expertise that we have, the Standard Chartered has as well, but do it in a fintech way. So that’s why it’s a separate independent entity that again can develop and evolve at that pace. And at this point, we still expect at some point in 2021 that will be approved for clients use. So again, it’s going to be done not only our own, I’ll call it, approvals, but also from a regulatory perspective. And then I think more broadly, to your point, absolutely, we see many different potential opportunities in this space, where clients will look at digital assets and potentially cryptocurrencies in order to address various either challenges they have or ways to earn better returns. And that’s why we’ve not only done what I talked about in cryptocurrencies, but more broadly with the digital assets, whether it’s tokenization, which we’ve done with BondEvalue, whether it’s developing a PE capability on blockchain, which we’ve done with Broadridge. There’s a number of different areas where we’ve experimented either on our own or with partners in order to be able to be a part of that innovation.
Mike O'Grady: Yeah. You hit it right. It’s -- there is a distinction in the lag in that business there. But that’s not what drove it frankly. It was -- it’s the waivers hit hard. And we’ve talked about the fact that people shouldn’t see waivers as linear. This is a good example. Where the waivers and that the GFO business, obviously, much more institutional and so…
Mike O'Grady: … the waivers hit later and we’re now starting to see it come in, whereas the regions have more traditional closer to but not retail pricing and so those waivers just hit earlier. Second dynamic though is GFO is spiking and we have clients there that will move billions of dollars. And so you can have one, two, three clients that if they’re all have significant movements, then you’ll -- you can see big movements on a sequential basis. If you look year-over-year, the organic growth -- the growth rate overall for GFO is actually slightly higher than the regions. But obviously the sequential look was impacted by those two things, one waivers and two, some spiky very large client movement.
Mike O'Grady: I think we’re -- I think from here, it’s somewhat -- it’s going to be more linear. I mean, that -- the funds are more -- they’re all there at this point in waiver mode. And so I don’t think we’re going to see as big of a disparity going forward, but people should just realize it’s not a linear relationship. And I think there was overall $20 billion to $23 billion in wealth and $9 billion of that was in -- $9 billion almost $10 billion was in GFO and so that’s a year-over-year look, that’s just aggregate effectively, but the one quarter look, it was $5 million in GFO alone and so big. That was the increase quarter over quarter.
Mike O'Grady: And I would just add to Jason’s comments. That’s why we really like the combination of the three businesses. Not only is it complimentary from a client perspective, but also from a financial perspective, they have different dynamics. So the Asset Servicing business, which Pete Cherecwich has done a great job leading and growing at a high rate. It also requires resources to do that, as we’ve talked about that and has different levels of volatility in the business. Whereas in Wealth Management, very steady and at a high level of profitability and scalable. And then with Asset Management, again, very high level of operating leverage in the business and as has been positioned over the last couple years, for example, when you can get positioned in the right products, for example, in liquidity and the markets go up or the liquidity goes up, very strong increase in profitability for that and focus on other areas where we can have that same dynamic with ESG and quants. So, we like all the businesses, I would say from a client competitive perspective, but also from a financial perspective.
Mike O'Grady: Sure. At $25,000 fee, you can think about it is almost out -- trading, outsourcing, investment trading outsourcing. And where a lot of clients realize, a lot of our Asset Management clients realize that their core competencies around security selection and research, and not necessarily the having the trading operations, the back office that comes with that, trade order entry. And so our ability to say, you can work with us and we can be your effective outsourced trading partner, it appeals to a lot of Asset Management clients.
Mike O'Grady: No. It starts with trading. They can -- we can have portfolio managers and their middle office send us model accounts, send us trades and we can provide that service for them and be more of a full outsource operation from them from middle office through trade execution and trade management.
Mike O'Grady: From my -- from our perspective, I think it still is going to depend on where the industry, where our peers and our regular -- our regulators asking us to hold on to capital to not buy back stock at that time. I don’t -- we don’t call an absolute level. We haven’t talked about our buffers externally. Obviously, we’re running significantly above any regulatory minimum, but we haven’t. And so we’ve got buffers that we use internally to manage that, not something we’ve talked about externally. But when we engage with clients, we want to be able to continue telling them that they’ve got -- that they’re interacting with a balance sheet that’s strong on an absolute and relative basis and that doesn’t have. It’s part of our strategic strength when we talk to clients. And a lot of institutions you think about, not just pension funds, but even sovereign wealth funds, if they’re investing, if they’re depositing $500 million, $1 billion, $2 billion, $3 billion, they’re not really depositing, they’re lending to their banks at that point and they want to be operating with institutions that are strong. And so we’re always going to be looking and seeing where the tides are in the industry to make sure we reflect strong capital levels.
Jason Tyler: Sure. I don’t want to call a bottom on it. I mean, if you unpack the quarter effectively, we saw loan growth that was strong and up $1 billion and that has a few million dollar impact, if you take our average return on those assets. If you think anywhere from 175 basis points to 200 basis points on that $1 billion, you’re going to get $4 million or $5 million in lift for the quarter. And then you also had, obviously, lift from the deposits overall. But that’s offset by something that’s more predictable going forward, which is we’re still going to have reinvestment in -- as the security book continues to mature and that’s still got some maturation to do. And so it’s easier to predict what’s going to happen on the reinvestment side, then what’s going to happen on the loan side, but obviously, if we continue to see strong loan demand then that’s more important than what we’re seeing on the other components of volume.
Jason Tyler: Sure. So, first of all, the loan growth has come almost exclusively or the vast, vast majority has come from the Wealth Management side of the business. And even though in dollars, it’s not as big as the deposits, the impact is much more meaningful. And having $1 billion in higher average deposits, it -- that’s quite meaningful for NII and we’ve talked very consistently about the fact that the deposit levels are, interesting they’re chunky, but don’t really do too much on NII. It is difficult to predict what the loan demand will be. However, what we’ve experienced isn’t simply, I’d say, random. We’ve talked about the fact that we have been communicating with clients more aggressively and this is over the last year and a half, two years, about our desire to be with them and be a liquidity provider for them. Our liquidity engagement with clients is it’s a big part of our business and that shows up not just in what we do with the balance sheet on the -- on deposits but also money market funds, where, again, $275 billion in AUM there and also on the lending side, particularly on the Wealth Management clients. And so it’s more -- this has been, I think, more of a strategic lift and so that’s not predictive that it’s going to hold on or continue to accelerate. But we don’t see it is something that we’re dismissing is potentially random either.
Jason Tyler: Yeah. Well, to give you a sense of what’s re-priced at this point, obviously just take if you look at $150 billion in earning assets, obviously, all of the money market assets have re-priced, 85% of the loan book has re-priced, $60 -- and it’s $60 billion of the security, so about 63% of the securities book has re-priced at this point. And so that’s where we sit at this point. And then it’s interesting, if you think about what’s the impact of that, I’ll tell you in this quarter alone, the -- it was a significant impact. We actually had -- if you -- just from securities portfolio, the NIR was down $10 million and so that was the drain on it. But that’s not -- I don’t want you to think about that as a pure run rate, because we’re thinking there about what’s happening with the loan book and so there are other factors to play in as we’re reinvesting those securities. But I want to at least start with giving you the numbers that you asked for, in terms of how much is re-priced and then also what the implications are. But the runoff coming through at this point and also the fact that the one year, two-year, three-year, five-year, where we tend to be reinvesting has come up, that is brought down the influence on a quarter-over-quarter basis as well.
Jason Tyler: Sure. So the longer dated loans are, often it’s going to be in the mortgage book and so that’s what’s going to take longer effectively just you know. The loans that have come on, disproportionately the growth has come again within wealth, but within personal loans and within some of our more corporate based organizations, we do have a lot of corporate there’s small and midsize business activity in that book and that’s where a lot of the growth has been. And then in terms of the LIBOR transition. Yeah, as you know and I’m sure you’re covering really closely, Brian, there’ll be a transition and most of the industry seems to be looking to move from LIBOR to SOFR as a reference rate and so watching that and the implications of it.
Jason Tyler: Well, it’s early, but we and I think the industry is hoping that they’ll be -- once we get to those transition dates, there’ll be more of a reset and we’ll have the, not just the reference rate changes, but the spread changes and to reflect -- because obviously, SOFR is different. There’s not credit. There’s not duration in it and so it’s a different rate. And the relationship between LIBOR and SOFR is a lot different today than what it was even a year ago. And so I think the industry has got some work to do to work on what the conversations are going to be like at the point where we actually make that hard switch.
Jason Tyler: So it’s -- the way we’ve tackled kind of virtual engagement through with clients on the wealth side is the continued use of our goals within Wealth Management approach. And so we were able very quickly to take those discussions and then have virtual conversations, but with that same very -- what we think is a very differentiated platform with clients through COVID. It was very good, engagements were very, very strong and it’s led the business to feel that there’s strong momentum from an overall client engagement perspective. So that’s gone well. And it’s one of the continued large investments in Wealth Management and Mike just talked about our investment and digitizing the business. That’s an area where we can use that as a core platform, but add journeys to it, add specific areas to become more and more detailed and specific with how -- with matching up with what our clients are going through, very strong investment for us and it’s been extremely positive. Our Net Promoter Scores, as Steve Fradkin, who runs that business is just talking about how strong those are and so clearly the -- that investment has been paying off with good client engagement.
Jason Tyler: Yeah. It’s completely related and it comes back to that theme of wanting to think about returns. And so, for us it’s not like we’re making a decision of do we buy back stock or just park money at the Fed at 10 basis points. For us we -- it’s -- but it’s nice to be able to see that client activity is driving the alternative to share buybacks. So that’s certainly not to say that we’re doing zero or very little, it’s just to say, those are the different options we think about. And we saw a sec lending activity up significantly, just the loan demand being up $1 billion, that’s going to cause $1 billion in higher RWA, just in and of itself. And then you see the deposits coming in, which is -- it’s nice for us to be able to answer a client need, but that comes with RWA as we redeploy it on the asset side. And so the best thing we can do is have the balance sheet used for good return on equity activity that’s client related, building relationships in the long run. But at the same time, we did do $150 million-ish in share repurchase over the timeframe. So it’s not like we were absent in the market. But you can imagine here it at 12% we’re going to be looking at what is OCI look like, what is client activity look like and balancing all those things together.
Jason Tyler: Couple of things, one, what -- every time over long periods of time, we think one of the businesses is growing faster than we think, oh, this is going to be the case for the future, you get an inflection. The businesses have acted as good hedges to each other and it’s always difficult to predict those inflection points and what’s going to grow faster. For sure, if you look over the last couple or few years, you’d see C&IS having grown faster. But in general wealth is got good exposure to equity markets. And so -- and you also think over the long run, there’s a good title growth, particularly at the top end of the wealth market and so those things should help as well. And so we wouldn’t call a prediction necessarily on one of the businesses over the long run in the future growing faster.
Jason Tyler: I will start and Mike I’m sure has some comments on this as well. Let’s take those -- let’s take the different businesses. In C&IS, the -- we had it even early today, the integrated trading solutions is something we’ve talked about a little bit over the last few months, that’s come through. That’s part of the reason I think there’s been that that lift in brokerage commission income, done strategic things in foreign exchange. And those aren’t -- so it’s not accidental I think that we’ve had lift in those areas. And then front office solutions is another area where we’re trying to go to client -- to sophisticated clients and show the breadth of what we can do. In Wealth Management, the engagement there is around expanding and continuing to invest in goals driven Wealth Management and the growth we’ve had particularly in the upper end, that product gets to -- we’ve talked so much about what $50 million, 100 million and hundreds of millions of dollar clients need in order to enter to interact in a good holistic way Thing were set up while there. And then in Asset Management, $215 billion, I remember about a year and a half ago, where we were on the liquidity perspective to now $275 million, and yeah, there’s been great growth, but -- in the industry. But they did a lot of hard things to get cut off times done well to get to open a Northern Trust portal. There’s so many different to invest in the talent we have in that group. And then you think about our ESG and quant capabilities, ESG assets are over $130 billion now, great engagement in across the Nordics with very strong client base there and doing a lot with our ETF platform, including launching new products in Europe there. And so in each of these -- the areas, I think there’s good is good opportunity for us to leverage the work that’s been done to lead to stronger organic growth.
Jason Tyler: Sure. Well, couple things and you’re right we’re not a prime broker. And so we’re not providing that type of trading leverage to or alongside clients and taking positions is we’re dealing with either our hedge fund clients or our family office clients. In the family office business, we have some loans, but those are much more than loans that we see in the traditional wealth business, which are loans against investments that clients will have in long-term clients, they’re not taking that type of exposure. And so the -- the services that we provide for our hedge fund clients and our GFO clients, it’s much more about Asset Servicing, Asset Administration, Investment Reporting, that’s how we’re going to market to deal with those types of clients. And so just to put anybody’s minds at rest, we didn’t have any exposure to the hedge fund/family office that you’re talking about and don’t see that type of exposure in our portfolios.
Jason Tyler: Yeah. It’s an interesting nuance, because we -- a lot of our clients on the hedge space, they actually are SEC registered. And so we’re used to dealing with them and helping those types of institutions on doing the reporting and administration that they need to do for their SEC registration material and engagement and so that’s -- that it would be, I don’t think it’s a monumental opportunity for us. We haven’t talked about it that way. But certainly we have that capability set and would be seen as a strong provider for hedge funds that we’re looking to have more of a traditional investment reporting and an overall fund administration engagement with their service providers.
Jason Tyler: Yeah. No. The merit will come through second quarter. What I did mention earlier was that this may have been what you -- what get your mind going is, we -- the reduction in overall FTE and headcount for the company did lead to a lower salary level in the quarter. But that one-off -- but that’s not -- that’s distinct from the merit increases.
