Ken Usdin – Jefferies: Hi Mike and Bev, how are you? Good morning. Mike, can you give us a little more color on the custody business? Obviously there’s great growth on a year-over-year basis and there’s really good AUC growth sequentially, but the revenues were only up just slightly and I was wondering if you could detail whether some part of it might have been transaction activity or any other pushes and pulls that there might have been that would have withheld it from a better growth rate.
Ken Usdin – Jefferies: Okay, but was there something that either was strong in the fourth or that didn’t come through in the first, because all that, given the growth that you’re mentioning and the onboarding of new clients, the revenues were only up less than $1 million sequentially. So I’m just thinking about from a prospective, is there something that either wasn’t in there that might be going forward, or just something that maybe is lagging in terms of its revenue recognition? You had the good positive comp locked in from this quarter as well.
Ken Usdin – Jefferies: Okay. So—okay, I get it. So maybe we’re at this new level, but not necessarily going back to where we were, and it just depends on the progression of this mix shift that you’re alluding to.
Michael O’Grady: So the custody business continues to grow well, and as you saw from the custody and fund administration fees is actually a nice quarter as far as growth, and that just reflects the continued strong new business that we talk about as it works its way through the fee line. I would say that as far as factors within the quarter, keep in mind that as strong as the equity markets may be, only about half of the assets under custody relate to equity so they don’t—they won’t fully reflect that. So having a growth rate in fees that is similar to assets under custody is actually the positive impact of net new business.
Michael O’Grady: Yeah, so on a sequential basis, all the trends that I mentioned there continue. However, Ken, one of the things that also runs through that line is sub-custodian recoveries. So where we’re utilizing sub-custodians throughout the world, when we get certain charges we pass those charges along to our clients, given that we’re the global custodian, and those can tend to vary, as we’ve talked about, from quarter to quarter, and recoveries were higher in the fourth quarter of last year and lower in the first quarter of this year, which trimmed a little bit from the growth rate.
Michael O’Grady: So outside services includes a number of sub-categories within that, so that’s everything from consulting fees to technical services, which we use the technical services often as part of onboarding new clients. That includes legal expenses in there as well, and just any other third party service that we’re contracting for. That’s why the trends can move around from quarter to quarter. What we’ve seen, though, over the last several quarters, particularly I’d say about the last two quarters, is that consulting has been a big driver for an increase in that category overall, and if you recall, the first and second quarters of last year, consulting was relatively low, whereas it picked up a fair amount in the third and fourth quarters as we addressed a number of the regulatory projects that we had underway. What we saw in the first quarter is that the consulting expenses were lower than the fourth quarter, and I think you can expect that in the sense that there were a number of initiatives that we needed to complete by the end of last year, and yet we’re higher than we were a year ago and that’s just because the list of regulatory projects that we’re working on still remains relatively long. The mix has changed, so many of the things that we were working on last year are different this year, so last year a number of the projects included things like the resolution plan and certainly more of a focus on CCAR, whereas in 2014 we’re spending more time and resources on such initiatives as AIFMD, which has ramped up somewhat in the fourth quarter but also in the first quarter.
Michael O’Grady: It definitely depends on all of those categories and what that mix is. The other thing I would say about the consulting line and just regulatory costs in general is that at this point in time, we don’t necessarily know what all of the requirements and projects will be between now and the end of the year, so it’s really difficult to be able to know exactly what those costs will be.
Michael O’Grady: Yes, sequential, I think if you take into account the transfer that we talked about, on C&IS you would be closer to 4% and on wealth management you’d be closer to 1%.
Michael O’Grady: So as you point out, the fee rate is still shy of that, and there are a number of factors that contributed to it. One is just slightly higher money market fee waivers. Two is that at the beginning of the quarter, we did re-price some of our mutual funds in the multi-manager space. That was as of January 1, so that’s in the run rate, if you will, now. Then also, the day count in the first quarter does impact the fees that are generated from the mutual funds, and then there’s a slight mix change which we’ve been talking about over time, which is even as clients take on more equity exposure, they’re doing it more through passive product as opposed to active products, which have different fee levels. So those are really the factors that are driving the difference between AUM growth and fee growth.
Michael O’Grady: Well, I can’t quote specific statistics for you based on demographics, but I can tell you that we clearly have evolved our strategy with regard to the target market that we’re focused on, and so certainly the expectation is that the demographics are slanting more and more up market. So even putting aside the global family office business which deals with the largest families and wealth, the wealth business overall in all of the regions has also turned its focus to the level above $20 million of liquid net worth. Importantly, it’s not just approaching more clients within that target range; it’s also trying to provide the types of services that are particularly of interest to that target market, so whether that’s from a banking perspective, a fiduciary needs perspective, or also just their approach to their investments, it is more up market-focused. So as a result, just the new wins and the clients that we’re bringing on fit that demographic more than they do what I would consider a much broader wealth or high net worth demographic five years ago.
Michael O’Grady: Yeah, the difference is just that in any time period, there are exercises of employee-related shares and options, and so that can offset some of the shares that we repurchase; and that’s the case in the fourth quarter as well.
Michael O’Grady: Yes, and part of that, Marty, is it is going to be related to the level of the stock price, so options that were granted a number of years ago were out of the money for some time period. In the fourth quarter with the stock price being higher, that provides a greater incentive for employees to exercise the options. It also just depends on the remaining time that’s in the options as well, and certainly as options get closer to expiration, which will happen towards the end of the year, then the employees tend to exercise those options before they expire.
Michael O’Grady: So our duration on the securities portfolio was very stable with where we were in the fourth quarter, so right now, as I’ve mentioned previously in the fourth quarter, we were at about 14 months as far as the duration for that portfolio and we’re still in that range. We did increase the size of the securities portfolio during the quarter just because we’ve seen increased custody deposits and stability in those deposits, and I would say at this point that obviously like everyone else, we’re looking at interest rates and what the expectations might be, but our position is relatively stable as opposed to one where we’re necessarily looking to either increase or decrease the duration on that portfolio.
Michael O’Grady: Sure. So with regard to the supplementary leverage ratio, I do believe that that will have an impact on business decisions, not necessarily because it has such a great impact on Northern Trust but I think that it will impact the market. And the areas where I would expect to see impact would be certainly just with the size of the balance sheet being very relevant and having higher levels for the largest banks, just being able to take on deposits, for example, as a different capital implication than it previously did. So I think that will affect the market overall and certainly will affect the way we think about client deposits and what the appropriate pricing is for that deposit. At this point, the supplementary leverage ratio does not present limitations to us, so it hasn’t caused us to do anything that we wouldn’t have previously done; but I think that that will evolve, as I mentioned, with the market over time. And then a second area that I think it could potentially have an impact is on what I’ll consider off-balance sheet commitments, whether that’s line of credit or just credit facilities to corporations; and again, given the fact that those are included in the denominator of that ratio, I think that it could have an impact not only on the extension of credit to corporations but also the pricing of that credit, and certainly that’s something that, again, we look at very closely because that is a way in which we’re deploying our capital for our clients. And then I think the other question, Ashley, was with regard to regulation more broadly, things like AIFMD. I would say that we, like others, are investing in that area to make sure that we’re in a position to provide those services to our clients. So far, that’s gone very well as far as the implementation of what we think the required needs are. What is being required being a depository in that marketplace is very similar to services that we’ve provided for clients for a long time period, both in the U.S. but also in Europe for USDs (ph), so this is really an expansion of that and it is just requiring an expansion of our capabilities to serve the clients. But overall, we think that that’s actually something that will be a positive because it’s more that we can do for our clients and also a service that they’ll value and will also pay for.
Michael O’Grady: As you pointed out, we had a particularly good quarter, I would say, with regard to the charges associated with operating activities, and that’s something that is impossible to predict. Certainly our objective is to minimize those, but it’s not something that we have visibility into. But as I mentioned, it was very good in the first quarter, so hard to determine whether we’ll be able to repeat that. That category includes, as you know, a number of other items as well and that’s why it’s a broad other category, which when you look over time there’s more variability to that category. So there’s no particular increase or decrease that we necessarily would expect.
Michael O’Grady: Sure. So CCAR, as we talked about a lot last year, we needed to make a number of changes and enhancements to our process relative to the CapPR process and feel that we were successful in implementing those and we’re certainly pleased with the outcome. Having said that, we still have more work to do on that front. As has been much talked about, there’s the quantitative aspect of it, which we think that we perform well, but then there’s also the qualitative aspect, and in those areas we continue to improve the modeling that we do. We continue to improve the way in which we communicate our plan to the regulators. We definitely involve a broader group of people within the company, whether that’s different parts of business management as we develop stress scenarios but also the engagement of our board, so it’s a very comprehensive, as it’s titled, process and I think that we learn the importance of making those investments to be able to meet with the regulatory expectations, but we also understand that those expectations continue to move up. So we have plans in place, even though we have not received specific feedback with regard to our plan at this point, and we’ll get that later in the month. That hasn’t held us back from continuing to improve on our processes. As far as the second part of your question, Luke, it’s clearly too early in our minds to think about what our capital action request will be. Again, we haven’t even either sat down with the Fed to get a detailed set of points for feedback, nor have we received a letter, so just very, very early in the process.
Michael O’Grady: So I’ll actually start with one of your last points there, which is just the complexity of onboarding a situation like this. It has gone well, albeit coordinating between the client and another provider is complicated, so at this point our expectation is that we will go live on that in the third quarter. To your point, when that happens, those will be assets under administration and then we’ll begin to recognize the revenue and expenses related to that as well. At this point, I would say that there is more discussion than activity with regard to shadow administrators. We think it’s something that will be applicable in the marketplace going forward, albeit it for a select set of large institutions or hedge funds like Bridgewater. So we definitely think it’s a positive. We’re clearly pleased with that opportunity, and so we continue to look for more opportunities like that.
Michael O’Grady: Pipeline continues to look very good. I would say that the level of market activity is good, so there are many opportunities which we are currently either in dialogue in or that we’re actually in the RFP process for those, so that’s really a positive. We’ve been very pleased with our win rate on that front as well, so on the institutional side, I would say very good. As I mentioned on the wealth management side, if you go back a year ago, we were really coming off a time period where it was very high level of activity and new business in the wealth management business, and then it tailed off through the end of the year. Coming into 2014, it’s improved off of where it was at the end of the year but it’s still not at the very high levels that we saw a year ago. Overall, though, I would say that if you think about the risk appetite for our client base and if you were to talk to some of the investment professionals for us, like various people within asset management or within the wealth management business, I think what they would tell you is that the beginning of this year, there was a fair amount of uncertainty in the marketplace which caused a little bit of a pause in activity, whether that’s some of the geopolitical activities or just the volatility in the equity markets. So we didn’t see a pullback necessarily but we didn’t see as much advancing on that front.Cynthia Mayer – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you so much.
Michael O’Grady: Sure, I think it’s certainly a fair question, and over time—over a longer time period, as you suggested, assets under management have certainly grown at a nice growth rate for us, which is a result of, as we’ve talked about, a strong equity market environment but also new business. On the fee side of the equation, we’ve had the negative impact of the fee waivers which right now, we’re at basically the highest run rate level that we’ve seen. It did go down if you went back a year ago, obviously, and some quarters before that, but it’s gone back up to a higher level now just because the very shortest end of the curve is very low, and that’s where a lot of the funds within those funds are invested. So that’s been a drag on the growth rate, and I would agree that we certainly have benefited because of the move from active to passive, so you’ve seen that in the asset growth, and a category that is growing the fastest within that is the equity index business, and that’s a combination of both the equity markets again going to a high rate, but also that’s a particular area where we’ve had success with inflows. The other part of that, however, is that the index business comes at a lower fee rate than our average fee rate, and certainly lower than active equity, so it does bring down the revenue yield, if you will, on the assets under management. I think those are the longer term trends. I think that within wealth management, you did see through 2012 and 2013 the benefit of fee simplification, which was a lift to that yield on the assets under management. As I mentioned before, at this point it’s been two years since we did have an overall increase in those fees, but you’ve seen that now the growth or the positive benefit of that trail off. As I mentioned, we look at incrementally addressing discounts on the accounts, but we have not looked at actually increasing fees. Finally, I would just say, again, benefiting from some of those trends but also part of the trends more broadly are just fees on investment product overall, so it’s very important for us to make sure that we’re offering products at competitive fees and so that’s resulted in some of the activity this past quarter, but if you went back, there’s been other quarters where we also have reduced the fees on some of our investment product.
Michael O’Grady: Yeah. I definitely am not in a position to be able to comment on whether we’ve turned a corner. I would just say that 2012, 2013, we were very focused on driving performance, which was primarily initiative-based, as I talked about. We continue to have a number of initiatives on that front, but more importantly I would say some of the things that were more initiatives before, Glenn, now are part of just business as usual. What I mean by that is going back two years ago, we looked at some of our procurement categories and said, how can we reduce our expenses here? What are some areas that essentially we can attack as a project to reduce those, and we were successful in that; whereas now, that’s become just part of normal practice is looking at our expenses in procurement from a strategic standpoint and making sure that every negotiation that we do on a large vendor contract goes through the same rigor. So in some ways, we’re getting continued benefit just on an ongoing basis, so I’d like to think if there’s a corner that we’ve turned, the corner that we’ve turned is just in the mentality of how we approach efficiency and productivity, but not necessarily anything that enables us to say that the expense trajectory, by definition, will change.
Michael O’Grady: Yes, so we deal with sub-custodians all over the globe, and it’s particularly in areas where we are not inclined to actually be a primary custodian, so that’s the nature of it. We’re the global custodian, and then we have the sub-custodian networks. With regard to the costs, there are certain of those costs which are absorbed but there are certain which per agreements with our clients get passed on. With that network, the timing in which we receive the cost is not always as smooth and predictable as we would like, so I can’t obviously comment on specific names of the sub-custodians that result in the higher levels, but I can tell you, for example, that there are certain just geographies that in the quarter ended up being higher than what we expected, so as a result we had less that we recovered in the fourth quarter. But I would say, Mike, that’s a line that just over time, quarter to quarter, moves up and moves down, but the longer term trend I would say is one where if anything, we’re picking up efficiencies in the cost of our sub-custodian network.
Michael O’Grady: Yeah, there is no question that some of our larger custodian clients are placing more deposits with us, some just with the growth in the business but I would also tell you that some of these deposits are large, chunky deposits which even within that, I wouldn’t characterize them as all being the same. As you would expect, we follow them very closely and when I say not the same, I would say some of them, for example, are money managers who at this point in time just have excess cash and placing it at the bank in a deposit is preferable for them at this point in time. As you would expect, if they have a different view on the market going forward, they may deploy more, and we’ve seen that in the past with different clients. But it is just a higher level of deposits with our custodian clients at this point that’s driving the increase in the balance sheet. I wouldn’t necessarily, Mike, look from quarter to quarter again to expect that it is going to necessarily go up or go down. It’s just a longer term trend. It goes in fits and starts a little bit, but as long as we continue to expand the business, we certainly expect that the deposits will also expand.
Michael O’Grady: Sure. So as far as—let me take the second part first, which is with regard to the bank level. The bank level is approximately in the same neighborhood that the holding company is as well. As you know, you can affect the level of capitalization at the bank differently than the holdco to the extent that you downstream from the holdco into the bank. But at this point, we’re comfortable with the level of capitalization at both the bank level and the holding company level, and I would say as far as where we’re targeting the SLR, I would say similar to our other ratios. We look at all of them collectively and just over time determine what is the level that we feel we need, first from an internal perspective, second from a regulatory perspective, and that’s an area that particularly with the SLR right now, I would say we have a fair amount of room given that the requirement for Northern Trust is at 3%, and as we pointed out we’re above 5% there. So there is room there on the regulatory front, but then the third category we talked about or consideration is just the level of our peers as well, which a number of our peers will be held to the higher level of 5%. So that’s definitely a consideration as we look at it. We have the ability to be below that 5%, so I think in some ways that gives us more flexibility, but I wouldn’t necessarily say that it allows us to not have to consider it. We definitely have to take it into our consideration.
Michael O’Grady: Sure, be glad to. Our ETF business, as you mentioned, is FlexShares, and as of the end of the quarter the assets under management in FlexShares was $7.6 billion, so it’s been very successful for us given that it was a re-launch, but it was a re-launch from a standing start and it’s been an effort where we are focused on not necessarily competing in what I would consider the more commodity or general ETFs, but rather ETFs that we think are structured in a way that they are particularly appealing for our clients. It’s important for us because as we talk about the trends within the asset management industry and talk about things like going from active to passive, we want to be in a position where we’re able to provide the right products for our clients, so part of these trends have resulted in the ETFs going above the $7 billion, as I talked about. It’s something that we certainly like the strategy there. We’ve rolled out a number of new funds which, at this point, are low levels of AUM but certainly that we have high expectations for.
Michael O’Grady: Yeah, it’s a combination of both, so as I mentioned, part of it is we do structure these products so that they are appropriate and useful for our existing wealth management clients, but we also have a very focused third party effort here to distribute those funds directly to new clients of Northern Trust where the only product they may have, for example Robert, would be the ETF. So at this point, most of the AUM has come from our wealth management business, but the expectation is that we’ll continue to grow the business both from that source but then also directly with new clients.
Michael O’Grady: Yeah, I would say that we are not waiting on interest rates to rise. They may rise, they may not rise, and at this point as to when they’ll rise, we wouldn’t know even if you told me it was certain that they’re going to rise. So our focus has been on improving the profitability absent that. Certainly, the low interest rates have presented the drag they have, but part of the reason why we have the slide there that points out the expenses to trust fees ratio is because although, again, that’s not completely immune from external factors so the money market fee waivers does impact that ratio, because it lowers the fees. But it is a way that we think we can control the profitability more, and that’s why we are focused on trying to bring that ratio down to make the core fee business more profitable for us. Over the last nine quarters, we’ve been successful looking year-over-year in bringing that ratio down to 113% now from 131% going back to 2011. So to get into the target range of 10 to 15%, we need to continue to focus on bringing that down absent what may happen in the environment.
Michael O’Grady: Yeah, as you mention, there’s lots of other factors related to it, so there’s not a specific number I would give you. But at the same time, I would say we do not necessarily need to reach a particular point – you mentioned 100% or to go below that – in order to get into our range.
Michael O’Grady: I’ll take your second question first just with regard to incentive comp and the composition there. As you would expect, that is ultimately determined by the compensation committee of the board of directors, and they finished up the past year but they are early stages of how they would look at this year, going into it, and ultimately I don’t know what their thinking is on that front. But clearly they are trying to provide the right mix to reward employees for the right type of activity and performance, and there’s nothing that really changed significantly in the past year with regard to the mix there other than, I would say, making it more performance-oriented and making sure that it’s aligned with our corporate targets. As far as the share repurchase, as we’ve talked about before, there are a number of factors that go into determining the amount of stock that we’ll repurchase in a particular quarter, and we do not have a particular strategy that we’re going to communicate with regard to whether it’s even or front or back-loaded, just given the fact that there are a number of factors that go into it.
Michael O’Grady: So we clearly benefit to the extent that our clients benefit, and so our objective is to provide the best wealth management services and expertise to them, and we feel that as it has been true historically, we’ll benefit along with them to the extent that they do well. As far as the trends, though, we also try to position ourselves well for the trends, and with the shift from active to passive, we actually think we’re well positioned in the sense that we capture a large portion of the assets as they shift them around, given that we’re well positioned in passive, but then further, very specifically the ETFs were directed at ensuring that we have products that meet those needs as well. So we will continue to do things like the ETFs where it’s in product development in our asset management group. They’re very focused on what are products that our clients will find useful as we go forward so that we can not only make sure that they are successful but that, as I mentioned, we can financially share in that success.
Michael O’Grady: The 10 to 15% range is our target range, and clearly the objective for not only me but for the company and management and all the employees is to be in our target range, so that is definitely what we continue to endeavor to do.
