Bev Fleming: Thank you Andrea. Welcome to Northern Trust Corporation’s first quarter 2010 earnings conference call. Joining me on our call this morning are Bill Morrison, Northern Trust’s Chief Financial Officer; Aileen Blake, our controller, and Preeti Sullivan from our investor relations team. Also joining us this morning is Allison Quentin [ph], who will be joining the investor relations team in Northern Trust in May, as Preeti embarks on a new role in corporate and institutional services. We welcome Allison into the investor relations team at Northern Trust and wish Preeti well in her new role. Both Preeti and Allison will attend our New York Investor Day on May 26. For those of you who did not receive our first quarter earnings press release or financial trends report by email this morning, they are both available on our web site at northerntrust.com. In addition, this April 20 call is being web cast live on northerntrust.com. The only authorized rebroadcast of this call is the replay that will be available through April 27. Northern Trust disclaims any continuing accuracy of the information provided in this call after today. Now for our safe harbor statement; what we say during today’s conference call may include forward-looking statements, which are Northern Trust’s current estimates or expectations of future events or future results. Actual results of course could differ materially from those indicated by these statements because the realization of those results is subject to many risks and uncertainties. I urge you to read our 2009 annual report and our periodic reports to the Securities and Exchange Commission for detailed information about factors that could affect actual results. Thank you again for your time today. Let me turn the call over to Bill Morrison.
Bev Fleming: Rob, this is Bev, one of the statistics we did say in case you missed it during the call is that at the end of the quarter of our PFS assets under management, the equity portion was about 35.5%. So it was up a little bit from the end of the year, but not in a meaningful way that would suggest that people are jumping back in. I think the point is that we are just seeing people start doing things, start talking to us. So whether or not they are actually starting to take on more risk is yet to come.
Bev Fleming: Well, I think that we definitely saw in the first quarter the impact of interest rate environment, and the narrowing of spread there. But we also are seeing clients choose to take less risk in their collateral reinvestment guidelines. So that's having an impact as well.
Bev Fleming: For C&IS asset management, it was 45% equity, 14% fixed income and 41% short duration. For PFS equity it was 35%, fixed income was 33% and short duration was 32%.
Bev Fleming: Yes, in the Midwest – the Midwest and the southeast both did particularly strong on a sequential quarter basis.
Bill Morrison: We have seen a very slight decline in our money market assets taken at the top of the house level during the first quarter. Relative to the issue of how we plan to deal with recouping the level of money market fees that we are giving up today, which is meaningful, is predicated on the assumption that we will share part of the increase in yields in our funds that result from higher rates with clients, and our assumption is we will share roughly 50% of that increase with clients, which extrapolates out to us needing 50 or 60 basis points in increases in short-term rates in order to recoup the level of fees that we are currently rebating.
Bill Morrison: Well, the ongoing process of defining and defining to me means getting regulatory consents around what the definition of our excess capital is after whatever buffers are decided upon, it is still going to take some time to get through. Northern has just entered the parallel run process for the external parallel run for Basel II. So we're just at the beginning of the process. Assuming, to respond more directly to your question, that we had some clarity around that, we would like to do the things that you and others who own our stock would like to see us do, including perhaps buybacks on stocks at what would turn out to be attractive prices. I don't think we are going to be able to do that in the near-term until we get the kind of definition we are looking at – we're looking for. And so, we have become a little more focused than traditionally has been the case on acquisition opportunities both for the personal side of our business and the institutional side of our business, and in our investment management business. Obviously, we have not done anything materially, but we are out there looking in all segments.
Bill Morrison: Yes. In PFS Betsy, we are looking to add more client and support professional concentration in the north-eastern Mid-Atlantic States, and same kind of approach in the Western United States, principally in California. Again those initiatives are mostly client acquisition focused, and in the institutional side of our business, I think we are a little more focused on capabilities, principally in the fund administration business, but across the product range both in Europe and the US and Asia. We looked it a lot, haven't done anything yet.
Bill Morrison: We look at that every day in hopes that we will see the kind of improvement you just described. It is up-and-down, but there has been a tiny bit, but Rob I don't see anything material so far.
Bill Morrison: I don't think we see any significant change either way. You know, new business across both sides of our client facing businesses are strong, pipelines are very strong. We remain quite optimistic.
Bill Morrison: Yes. I think the specific comment was March was the best month in PFS since we began keeping records and a lot of that is clients that are new to Northern, or we can't really comment necessarily on whether they are becoming more risk tolerant although the suggestion is that they are. Our internal clients, our existing clients are also – our existing clients are also becoming a little more active, but there is nothing in our statistics around asset allocation that would suggest that they are suddenly becoming much more risk tolerant.
Bill Morrison: Well, I think the biggest issue Mike on the personal side is the money market fee waivers. As to the impact of what you said you wanted to get a definition of how we calculate gross new business or net new business, it's typically the annual dollar amount of fees that are forecast by a new client relationship or an addition from an existing client. So if you define it that way you could bring in a substantial piece of business in March, it will be reported in March and you wouldn't see any revenue impact on that until the period beginning in April. We don't count new business at Northern trust until it is funded. So you should have a direct correlation to the time that the new business is announced and the beginning of the fee stream connected to that new business.
Bill Morrison: It is across the board. I don't think that you know, there are a lot of times where I could tell you, look, we are getting most of our business from one of two places and you and I have had those conversations in the past. Now I can tell you that there is one or two principal sources of business. It's, you know, in this environment where mostly everybody is deemed to be safe. You get back to these issues that we like where clients are looking for high quality of advice, consistency of service teams and companies that do business the right way. And so it's from all over the place Mike.
Bill Morrison: No, they will certainly be improved relative to that new stream of business, yes. Now, you don't know what you're going to lose in the second quarter that could make that run in a different way, but I think it's important to say that on both sides of the business, but particularly the personal business, our loss business experience has been among the best it has ever been. So at least through the first quarter, very high levels of gross new business, very low levels of lost business, and that should all things being equal drive the kind of revenue experience that you are talking about.
Bill Morrison: Some of this, I think, comes out of our wealth management group and PFS. Wealth has had a fair amount of cash go out basically and they have also had a shift between assets that we’ve accounted as managed assets, cash typically that has been put into investment programs, more broad investment programs that we custody, but we don't run. So you've got money moving out, staying within Northern, but moving out of AUM and then moving into AUC and there is, obviously it has been in AUC, but there is a resultant decline in fee revenue because of that. So that may speak partly to your observation.
Bill Morrison: It's actually higher in the second quarter as you would expect around April. There is planning for it. There is money moved around in advance. So it is spread across both quarters.
Bill Morrison: It's roughly $20 million, $16 million in the personal side and $4 million in the institutional side.
Bill Morrison: I can't say, you know, we look at it every quarter and as I've commented the last couple of quarters it's extremely lumpy and this quarter is a pretty good example of how lumpy it can be. We – as we measured it this year, we thought – or this quarter rather we thought $40 million was the right number based on the consistent process that we perform every quarter. We are going to have to take it quarter by quarter.
Bill Morrison: Yes, that's a very, very small up-tick in loans balances, but an up-tick none the less. Yes, I think generally that trends would be as we discussed previously that is our large corporate business continues to be very slow. I think our large corporate borrowers are continuing to access the credit, the fixed income markets and not use their bank lines. That seems to be continuing. There is some pretty good loan demand in certain parts of the PFS franchise. As you all know, the recovery is very uneven in the United States, and it is true in our franchise as well. So we are seeing growth in places like Texas and the northeast, some parts of the Midwest and northern California, but there is relatively limited quality demand in some of the more challenged states in our franchise, including Florida and Arizona and others. So it's pretty uneven Howard.
Bill Morrison: I wouldn't say that there has been a turnaround and that loan demand is on the upswing. Let us say we are where we are.
Bill Morrison: We are just – we are kind of following it. You know, we're looking at it every month and seeing what's happening. Bev commented a minute or two ago on the PFS side of the business with the exemption of those wealth management clients, who are moving, and remember wealth management has about 44% of its AUM in cash. Those clients are moving into more aggressive programs, some of which benefit us and some don't. The PFS business is really not doing much at all. You know, our equity percentage I think was up 1% quarter to quarter and that's principally market-driven. So we can't point to anything that says that our PFS clients are becoming more aggressive. However, the new business results suggest that personal clients, perhaps not previously our clients are becoming a little more aggressive, but it's not in our asset allocation to districts yet.
Bill Morrison: As far as we know, those gates are up substantially everywhere, except we're probably the most lenient in that regard among the key players in this business.
Bill Morrison: In terms of geographies it is pretty consistently spread on the personal side of the business around the United States. I think all of our regions were strong. That's looking at the numbers that even stand out.
Bill Morrison: No, no, no. There is going back on these, but we will seize rebating fees entirely when we are at.Gerard Cassidy – RBC Capital Markets: I see. You referenced earlier the spread between I think it was the Fed funds rate and the 30-day LIBOR rate.
Bill Morrison: Correct.Gerard Cassidy – RBC Capital Markets: Is that most important to look at for the securities lending business? That part, I didn't fully capture.
Bill Morrison: There always are. We have been trying to manage expenses judiciously, and maintain the integrity of our client facing teams and our technology budgets, because today's environment on both sides of the shop, personal and institutional is quite complex. We need strong consistent teams of client support to maintain our business and to generate the kinds of new business that we are pleased to be able to talk about this morning. Up until now, we're happy with where we're and we will see what the future brings.Gerard Cassidy – RBC Capital Markets: Thank you for your time.
Bill Morrison: You know, we almost like it, and we are targeted to generate positive operating leverage almost all the time. In this kind of environment, it just hasn't been possible for us to do that. And frankly when macroeconomic conditions drive the level of reduction that we have seen in some of these revenue categories, I don't know how we could have recognize positive leverage over the past couple of quarters when you take the non-recurring stuff out particularly. We are optimistic that the growth rates in the business and the facts that these economic conditions can't last forever, it won't last forever. It will get us closer to where we historically have planned to be.
Bill Morrison: Okay. That is all we have. We thank you very much for joining us, and we will talk to you all shortly. Have a good day.
