Jeff Finnin: Thanks, Paul. Today, I will review our first quarter results and provide an update on our liquidity, leverage expectations and 2020 guidance. Looking at our financial results. For the quarter, operating revenues were $147.4 million and grew 6.1% year-over-year and 0.9% sequentially, including growth in interconnection revenue of 9.1% year-over-year and 3.1% sequentially. Our customer lease renewals included annualized GAAP rent of $17.3 million that represented a rent increase of 1.4% on a cash basis and churn of 3.3%, both inline with expectations.Commencement of new and expansion leases of $9.7 million of annualized GAAP rent during the quarter, and our sales backlog as of March 31st consists of $17.6 million of annualized GAAP rent for signed but not yet commenced leases or $22.3 million on a cash basis. And we expect all of the GAAP backlog to commence fairly ratably in the next three quarters.Net income was $0.48 per diluted share, a decrease of $0.6 year-over-year and $0.3 sequentially. FFO per share was $1.29, an increase of $0.4 or 3.2% year-over-year and a decrease of $0.1 sequentially or 0.8%. Adjusted EBITDA was $78.7 million for the quarter, an increase of 5.6% year-over-year and a decrease of 0.5% sequentially. As a result of the current COVID-19 situation, we have received requests from a small number of customers, which currently represent approximately 2.5% of annualized revenues related to some level of payment deferral or relief from current obligations. We are addressing each customer requests on a case-by-case basis, and most are being resolved by providing an additional period of time to make due on outstanding amounts generally 30 to 60 days. While adjustments have been immaterial to-date, we can not predict whether these requests will increase overtime.Moving to our balance sheet. Our debt-to-annualized adjusted EBITDA was 5 times at quarter end. Inclusive of the current GAAP backlog mentioned earlier, our leverage ratio is 4.7 times. Based on our current development pipeline and the related timing of capital deployment and commencements, it is likely we will temporarily trend higher than our target level of 5 times leverage in the first half of 2020, with the expectation of moderating leverage based on the timing of commencements related to our backlog and anticipated new sales.We continue to focus on optimizing our balance sheet, including reducing our cost of capital, maintaining adequate liquidity, minimizing volatility and continuing our disciplined capital investment. As part of that strategy, during the quarter, we executed $450 million in interest rate swap agreements at attractive rates, increasing our percentage of fixed rate debt from 71% at year end 2019 to approximately 95% at March 31st. This is a departure from our historical approach of maintaining a balanced position between fixed and variable price debt.However, given the flat yield curve and rates, it allowed us to capitalize on a market opportunity and reduce our variability to near-term interest cost. In addition, in April, the company priced a seven year $150 million unsecured private placement of notes at 3.75%. The notes are scheduled to close on May 6th with $100 million funding at closing and the remaining $50 million in mid July. The financing provides the company the flexibility to repay outstanding amounts on our revolving credit facility, as well as providing additional liquidity for our future development projects. The company's nearest debt maturity is April of 2022. While we expect the private placement to close as planned, please note that closing is still subject to customary closing conditions. We ended the quarter with about $292 million of total liquidity, bringing us to approximately $442 million of liquidity with this new financing, providing liquidity to fund well beyond our $124 million of remaining construction costs for our 2020 data center expansion plans.Turning to our guidance. At this point in the year and based on what we have seen so far of the COVID-19 impacts and trends, we are maintaining our 2020 guidance. And therefore, see no reason to depart from our normal cadence of revisiting guidance in connection with second quarter earnings. In closing, we're executing on our priorities to bring on capacity and translate it into increased sales opportunities. We continue to closely manage our operating costs with attention to the current market dynamics, while thoughtfully balancing and driving our capacity development and customer opportunities. We have plenty of liquidity. Our balance sheet is strong. We do not have any near-term debt maturities. And we believe we are well-positioned for the long-term. With that, I will turn the call over to Steve.
Jeff Finnin: Well, let me just kind of quickly in the guidance, and then Steve and/or Paul can provide just commentary in terms of just the macro level of business. But Frank, I think I would just look at it from the standpoint that it's somewhat early innings in 2020. And as you've seen the last couple of years, we've just not modified our guidance in that first quarter and prefer to take another look at it as we get further along in the year. And that's what we plan on doing again this year. So that gives you some context in terms of the guidance. And Steve, anything…
Jeff Finnin: Yes, as of last quarter, it was 4% to 6%. And I think that's moderated slightly, Mike. I'd probably say about 3% to 5% as we sit here today.
Jeff Finnin: Hey it’s Jeff. Just one quick clarification just to make sure everybody's consistent in terms of the actual dates on that SP7 customer. So, 5 megawatts of the 9 will be turning out in October of this year and then the remaining 4 is essentially late Q3 call it September 30 of the following year. Okay, that gives you an idea of the timeframe.In terms of your question, as it relates to has anything really changed. As you can see from our guidance, we've not modified our guidance for churn as relates to this year, first quarter number of 3.3% came in towards the lower end of what our range was headed into the quarter. So, that was a positive having said that some of that just relates to timing. And so I think when you look at 2020, we still expect it to be in that 9% to 11%. And we do expect it to recede as we head into 2020, based on our current expectations of customer renewals and customer activity there. So, I would say to be honest, it's probably much of the same, we haven't seen a lot of changes or variances from what we or what we were about 90 days ago. I will tell you, we work hard and we're trying to get out in front of some of these to see if there are any of those we can retain it. But it's pretty much deployment by deployment specific in terms of events and let me add point it over to Steve.
Jeff Finnin: You bet, Sami. So you're right, as I said in my prepared remarks, we've had some conversations with customers reaching out and asking for some level of relief or deferral of payments. The 2.5% is really a percentage of our overall revenue. So, keep in mind, rent, power, margins in interconnection revenue. So, that gives you an idea of whole picture. In terms of where we are with those, we've made good progress. As you look at the customer requests, about 50% of them were resolved by basically just allowing customers to defer 30 to 60 days. Keep in mind, a lot of those were needed as customers and companies transitioned to this different work environment and they just needed to facilitate different processes in order to facilitate payments, and those were very simple. And I would say most of those to be honest were small and medium sized companies. So, those are the companies that probably had the biggest hurdle to get over as they transitioned to a work-from-home environment.And then of the remaining customer request, about a third of them were still in flight. We have a couple of them that are, I would classify as medium-sized businesses that we're working through and we'll get those resolved over near time, and then about the remaining about 17% actually were denied request. Again, we've got to take them on a case-by-case basis making sure that it's valid, that it's needed and that percentage was denied. So, hopefully that helps give you some color commentary on that Sami.
Jeff Finnin: To be honest, I think if you look at the first quarter data, the volume increases in our cross connect side of the business was 6.1%. And the composition of that was fairly consistent across the different products we have. The only thing that we've noticed in this occurred late in the quarter as you can expect, as a result of the COVID-19, we did see some smaller celebration as we got into March. And we've seen that in April. Time will tell in terms of whether that continues. And then we've also seen some customers where we've seen really IP peering traffic increases, as a result of just overall increase in volume of traffic. But, I don't as you saw in our guidance, we maintain our guidance on air connection revenue. Those are small and they round out kind of the intersection product. But that's what we've seen so far today.
Jeff Finnin: Obviously those are all arrows in the quiver that could be utilized. I would just say, as you think about 2020, we've got plenty of liquidity to fully fund our business plan today and issuing equity at least in this environment. As we look at 2020 years and in our plans, However, having said that we continue to watch and monitor our stock price, as well as our leverage in assessing our liquidity needs. But the joint ventures items like that are always something we watch closely to just better understand the overall cost of capital what the best next source will be. But for 2020, I think we're in good shape to fully fund the business plan through our continued leverage and you'll watch it slowly creep up above five and then should start to moderate as we get to the second half of the year, as customers start to commence what's in our backlog plus new sales expected.
Jeff Finnin: And Jordan, I just add that. I think if you look at what's available today, we ended the quarter just shy of about 400,000 square feet. And obviously you can see what's coming online here near-term. When you look at our commencements, and overall absorption over the past several quarters, that gives us about a 1.5 to maybe 1.75 years worth of absorption, absence, any massive acceleration in terms of absorption. So, something we watch closely, but I guess where we sit today, just to echo Paul's comments, I don't think, we don't see a need to increase capital spend in 2020 at this point time.
Jeff Finnin: Yes, you bet. Historically, our bad debt expense has been anywhere from about 10 basis points to 20 basis points as a percentage of revenue. That was elevated a little bit this quarter up to about 45 basis points, in magnitude of overall dollars it's not significant, it was an increase of about $350,000 over our historical norm.As we went through the quarter, we took a very measured and conservative approach to looking at our reserves, just given the conversations we were having, and what's going on in the macro state of the environment today. So, overall bad debt expense for the quarter this year was about $700,000.I think it's important also to maybe just provide this additional commentary. When you look at overall cash collections for the quarter 99 plus percent of cash collections, compared to what was billed to our customers, so overall looks pretty good, comparatively speaking for sure.
Jeff Finnin: When you look at April, where we are today, we're actually slightly ahead of where we were in the first quarter, given the relative moment in time and how many business days we are through the month. And we're ahead of where we were a year ago at this point as well. So that trend hasn't -- actually hasn't moderated. We feel very good about where we are from a cash collections standpoint, and we watch it every day. So overall, knock on wood, it continues to be very strong.
Jeff Finnin: Yes now that the 1.47 cash rent growth, Nate that does not have any of the churn factored into it. So, it's already stripped out when we give that percentage so that 1.4 just really represents those customers that did renew in the quarter, and that were retained by us.
Jeff Finnin: Yes, Richard, just pointed to our guidance I think for the full year, we've said we expect it to besomewhere between 0% and 2%. Obviously, this quarter we were happy to see the 1.4%. I think the thing that to point you to is, any time you get larger, customer renewals that could tend to drive the ultimate behavior. And as we saw this back half of last year, we had a couple of those in that were long-term customers in a couple markets where pricing have been a little bit compressed that led to that negative. But, I think for the full year, we expect it to be 0% to 2%. And obviously on our way to hitting that based on the first quarter results.
Jeff Finnin: Jordan, I think I'd add is, just as Steve said in his prepared remarks, pricing for the quarter was consistent a slightly ahead of where we've been on the trail. We generally like not to get out a lot of specificity around customer pricing. So appreciate, but I would look at overall pricing was fairly consistent with where we've been on the trail.
Jeff Finnin: Yes. I'd mentioned earlier the overall increase in volume was 6.1% and I'd say that's been fairly consistent with where we've been over the past couple of quarters. That's a blend of all of our products. Fiber is obviously the largest contributor to those overall increases in volumes, and the increase in volume on fiber alone was right at 9%.
Steve Smith: Thanks, Jeff and hello everyone. I'll start off reviewing our quarterly sales results and then discuss some key execution themes for the quarter. As Paul shared, we had a strong quarter of new and expansion sales. We delivered $12 million of annualized GAAP rent, primarily reflecting the strength of our core retail leasing, including $8.4 million of retail sales, our highest in three and half years, as well as $3.6 million of scale leasing.This quarter sales reflect success for many aspects, including important expansions with several strategic existing customers, winning in key verticals with network and cloud providers that included two new native cloud on ramps from tier one providers to our platform in Chicago and Virginia. Expanding services with enterprises whose businesses absolutely needs low latency for what they do, including media services, satellite and video streaming providers, as well as gaming, education and collaboration companies. We also saw success in moving quickly to meet the immediate demands of a modest amount of unexpected new requirements that emerged late in the quarter as a result of COVID induced changes to business and consumer behavior. Further, we saw solid sales traction in the governmental space.Turning to new logos. In the first quarter, we won 31 new logos. Three quarters of these logos were enterprise customers. While the initial revenue contribution of these new logos was lower than past quarters, we obtained some great new strategic names that we believe will provide ongoing future opportunities, including a well known video sharing network and service provider, a large consulting technology and outsourcing company, providing application outsourcing and cloud services, a leading healthcare software company offering hosted solutions and promising other accounts. As you know, winning new logos is a key tenant of our strategy and provides the seeds of future revenue growth as they expand services in our platform.Moving to pricing. Overall pricing in our markets was generally stable. We continue to see progress in Northern Virginia with strong first quarter sales and elevated pricing compared to the trailing 12 months, making it our highest contributing market for new and expansion sales in the quarter. Fundamentally, driving our first quarter results was our strong sales execution, as our team continued to find new and effective ways to reach and resonate our value to new prospects, and grow long term partnerships with existing customers.Added to and leverage the differentiating factors of the CoreSite campus ecosystem model, including the recent additions of the DK Experian Exchange and several other cloud providers to our SDN based open cloud exchange, engaged our solution architects and engineers to design creative cost effective solutions to solve customers' changing needs and continue to collaborate with channel partners to extend our reach in helping enterprises evaluate, address, hybrid and multi cloud architectures for the digital journey. All of which was amplified by the excellent service delivered by our customer service and data center operations personnel. Sales execution is always top of mind and embedded in all we do. We don't often talk specifically about it as we consider it a bedrock of being successful. I hope that additional insight helps you better understand how we approach it.To drive future growth, we continue to refine our processes, develop our team and provide them the necessary tools and solutions, like the ones Paul discussed earlier to allow our customers to be more successful and how they leverage technology to drive their businesses. There's no question that technology will play an increasingly important role in almost every business success. CoreSite is committed to providing the services and support that empower enterprises to navigate their path and pace of this new normal with flexibility, speed, security and performance. We believe focus and investment in these areas will enable us to continue to execute well over the long term. We look forward to further helping customers solve their IT challenges.With that, operator, we would now open the call for questions.
Steve Smith: Well, it's been interesting because I think in many cases, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, I mean, I think the technology is even more important than ever for really any enterprise or any business out there, given the remote nature of how everyone is conducting their lives these days. So there's no question that a brighter light has been put on technology to help solve those issues and we're clearly at a great spot to help them through that. And over the past several years, we've really worked to try to address what was already in place as far as general demand for hybrid and multi-cloud solutions in our data center, and all the advantages that come to outsourcing in a data center where they can leverage our remote personnel and all of the functionality that we have in our portal and so forth, so they can really maintain and grow their IT systems without necessarily even having to disrupt at all.So that value has resonated well. For each enterprise, it's been different. In some cases, enterprises that are a bit more paralyzed and trying to just figure out how they work through this current pandemic, some projects may be put on hold but others have also accelerated, because of seeing the need and the opportunity to move in that direction. So on balance, I would say it's neutral to positive.
Steve Smith: Yes, I can give you a little bit of, I guess more visibility on where things sit today anyway. As far as overall pipeline, which is probably the best indicator for where we see things so far, the pipeline continues to be solid and we still see new opportunities being created, new logos that are coming into the pipeline. So, we'll see how this plays out over the long-term. As Jeff mentioned in his remarks, but so far things seem to be holding up well. And I think one of the things that in general as you look at overall capital and trying to do more with less, technology is typically one of those areas that people tend to lean towards and trying to maximize their dollars versus other areas.
Steve Smith: We haven't seen necessarily any demand be pulled in per se. I think if anything, as I mentioned, I think that this is really just highlighted or reaffirmed opportunity, but it’s difficult I think in our business to have a lot of necessarily pull in as it relates to long-term leases and that sort of thing, it's not necessarily a knee jerk reaction. So, if anything I think it just reaffirms demand, it's out there. Well, there is some that has stalled a bit, because they're just trying to figure out their overall current situation.
Steve Smith: And I guess the only color that I would add to that is one of the benefits that we've seen of customers that are leveraging that model in our data centers. So, they'll have a hybrid environment that deployed in our data center, but also leveraging those native cloud on ramps of which as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, where we've had just added two more, those native on ramps really enable those customers to burst to the cloud much more quickly and economically than others. So, those cost savings that go along with that as well as your speed and capacity. These are right next to the backbone.
Steve Smith: Just to relate your last point there, Jeff which is as we work through this and really as part of our normal practice, where we're always in communication with those customers, as to how we might be able to retain them and adopt new models, especially given the circumstances. So, as Jeff mentioned, is still case by case and early days, but we continue on that effort.
Steve Smith: Yes, I would say that we've never pivoted. I mean, our core retail and scale leasing has really been the bedrock of our business model from the beginning, and we've went after those larger or hyperscale opportunities as they made sense for the campus, how they brought value and also brought a good return for the shareholders. So, that's always been in place and that continues to be in place and it's good to see improved results in Virginia. So, we'll continue to monitor it. The pipeline is reasonable and we'll continue to take that same approach and trying to go over those opportunities as they fit that category.
Steve Smith: It's Steve, I'll take that. As far as a pipeline and discussions with customers, we have ongoing customers and our ongoing pipeline and discussions going on with customers there to expand in that side, we've actually had some networks that have now pop that side are in the process of popping that site. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks we now have a new native on ramp with one of the top Tier 1 cloud providers. It's now part of that campus. So that really, I think, bolsters the value of that model and really validates that approach. So, overall things continue on pace, and we're continuing to build a pipe there. But overall, it's solid, it's probably the best guidance I’ll give you.
Steve Smith: Now, I think there's been to progress. It's been encouraging to see some of the results come through both in terms of traditional channel partners that have given us reach into new customers that we otherwise might not have had access to. So that's part of the value of that overall ecosystem is that they have this existing relationships and providing other services that, that we may not, or may have a harder time in reaching. So the reaching part of it. The depth is the other side of it, which is just providing a more full solution beyond co-location, the other services we have in our data center and that also has shown some good results and how we have been partnering with enterprises to transition, first of all, evaluate transition, stand up their environment in our data center, and then manage it going forward. So, that entire lifecycle is pretty complex and how we work with different partners to achieve that is dynamic. But we've been, I would say where we are in that continuum is just continuing to get our sales team better and better and how we engage in that process, as well as refining the mix of partners that we work with to ensure that they meet the standard that we're looking for.
Steve Smith: I'll tell you that the pipeline for new logos continues to be strong and consistent is probably the clearest view I can give you. So, overall things seem to be progressing well. I would say that kudos to our engineering and marketing teams for putting together ways for customers continuing their buying cycle, which as you mentioned part of that is virtual tours. So, we work quickly at the beginning of this pandemic to try to look through what steps customers need to look at in order to continue their IT journey and part of that is a physical tour. So, we work very closely with those teams to develop virtual tours so that they can really see the environment, they would go into all the detail of the technical aspects and continue in that buying process. So, it's still evolving as but so far they seem to be holding well.
Steve Smith: Hey, Jordan, this is Steve. I think it really varies and probably not a great answer but I'll give you a little more detail. So, those companies that are in this business are pretty good at it. And they know what they're looking for and how they build it out and what the process looks like. So, as I mentioned in my remarks, those are like streaming providers, content providers, cloud companies, those kinds of have professional data center buyers there. They are in some cases they've moved up a little bit, but they know what they buy and what they're looking for. And, I would say that, that is fairly uninterrupted if nothing, just as I mentioned and just re-validated by some of the demand that they're seeing.As far as the enterprises are concerned, I would say, that's where you see more variability because some of those customers are kind of [paralyzed] and just trying to figure this out, while they knew this, the need for more technology or being able to leverage technology in their business was a given. This has really shown a brighter light on that to where they now need to figure that out in order to survive or thrive. So, depending upon where they are in that maturity cycle is where you just see a lot of variability as to their ability to go from a need to actual buy. And so, some of that's still being shaken out right now, but you see it across the board. Hopefully that make sense.
Steve Smith: Yes, I would just say, the overall pipeline volume continues to be consistent to strong or I would say maybe even in better. How that materializes into actual closed deals and therefore revenue? I think that's the big unknown that we are all working through as to how this all shakes out. But so far, things appear to be positive.
Steve Smith: Yes, well I mean, what I guess in general, just as far as the overall model is concerned, we do target a mix across all of our campus to get to the yield that we're looking for each building and the overall campus. So, there is a mix of retail versus scale versus some hyperscale included in all of that. As it relates to customers and what they're buying today, the majority of our focus from a sales organization is really on out there finding new customers, that's Paramount, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks to bring in those new seeds that will hopefully grow and bear more fruit later. But that fruit that we've seen a lot of in this last quarter, in fact representing 94% of the total sales in Q1 was from existing customers. So, it's pretty easy to translate that into the scale business as well. So, that's where you see a lot of the growth there, but we do see some new logos that come in and we'll take a fair amount of that space as well.
Steve Smith: Hey, Jordan. This is Steve. I'll give you just some more color on the decision to pre-lease the third phase in SV8 versus SV7. One of the, I think the key benefits that, we're really realizing now, especially in Santa Clara as well as Virginia for that matter is, our full campus model and the fact that we have multiple buildings in this case are 8 building, and now we have plans for our 9 building to provide optionality for us as to how we place customers in order to get the best mix within that building. So, as we look at SV8 versus SV7 and the space that's currently under lease and when that might roll-off versus co-location opportunities in SV8, it just turned out to be a better decision to place at this point. So, that basically leads SV7 for larger scale, hyperscale opportunities as they present themselves.
Steve Smith: So I was going to just guide you towards, I mean, it really becomes a mix. It's a mix of between markets. So different markets are priced differently and as you have more volume in one market versus the other. In this case, we had good volume in Virginia, which is relative to other markets like Santa Clara, it's less expensive. That's part of the equation as well as density in those markets as well. So, collectively pricing was in line. But if you look at it, you really have to take those two factors in consideration as the volume each market and then the density.
Paul Szurek: From what we've seen, there's a continuation of demand for high performance hybrid cloud architectures, which we specialize in. So it's not surprising that we would see a lot more of that than other things. On the second part of your question, I think all we're seeing so far is the continuation of trends that we've described in our churn forecast for several quarters, which is older business models that are not leveraging the public clouds that are not doing so in the hybrid high performance architecture continue to see kind of a steady burn off. That's pretty much what the data shows us.
Paul Szurek: So for the steps that we have in place, Jordan, essentially all of our OFEs has already purchased on site or in confirm tranches. And in terms of the parts and supplies you need that on our side to implement customers, so far everything is in good shape. We have a very good procurement team that proactively goes out and checks things and sources things. There have been one or two factory shut downs that if they were to continue for an extended period of time, we would have to find some alternative sources, and we're already contingently provisioning those, but, the vendors have confirmed us that they expect those factories to reopen shortly and assuming that happens, things should be okay.So, I would say, so far, everything looks fine, but it is giving a tremendous amount of constant and elevated attention from our data center operation, construction and procurement teams.
Paul Szurek: I think we're in good shape. I mean, we enter 2020 with our highest amount of available and near-term capacity that we've had in years, a growth capacity of 25% roughly, in our top five markets. So, our timing was either good or lucky, we'll take either one, but we've got adequate capacity to take on more demand, and that's what we see.
Paul Szurek: So, I believe we've given notice now for all the office tenants to be gone and in fact they probably are all gone by now. We're still in the process of design and permitting, review and environmental reviews which are probably a little bit harder to predict right now than theynormally are. I would suspect that if the demand were there in Santa Clara, that we could probably start construction there in the middle of the latter half part of next year if we saw thator maybe even early next year.
Paul Szurek: Thank you all for being on the call. I know it's a busy day for you and I know that all of you like everybody else in the country have had so many redo the way that you approach your business and produce your product and appreciate the extra efforts you put in to stay on top of the industry.I just recap a very grateful for where we are, our business model, our strategy, our team, our market, our new capacity our new products. And importantly, our adaptability have been key to us prospering and staying on track this quarter, and I think put us in a good position to stay on track for the future. And that's our goal. I would be remiss if I didn't again. Think deeply all of our colleagues in CoreSite who really have done an amazing job in the last six, seven weeks, making rapid adjustments to these changes and executing exceptionally well. They've done a great job and we're lucky to have been and to be working with you. So thank you to everyone. Hope everyone does well and stays well. And appreciate your interest in CoreSite.
