Bob Mauch: Lisa, thank you for the kind words. When you think about going forward, it's -- I'll hit the strategy point first and that kind of links to your question. I think Steve said this, but it's important to remember that Steve and I and the executive team have worked for over a long period of time on our strategy, and that's working as evidenced by our performance. And so, you shouldn't expect any changes there. And that would include how we think about our going-forward guidance and projections, but I'll let Jim answer that.
Bob Mauch: Yeah, Jim, I'll just add. And Elizabeth, first, thanks for the question, and thank you for the warm welcome, but I'll just reinforce what Jim said at the end there. We have a strong belief in the strategic thesis that the innovation in pharma will continue over a long period of time and that our pharma services businesses, which are higher-growth, higher-margin businesses will benefit that. And from time to time, there will be partial slowdowns in that area, but as Jim said, we are seeing improvement.
Bob Mauch: Yeah, Steve. Eric, thanks for the question. I would add, I think what we're seeing is a real demonstration of the value of community oncology within the healthcare system. And they are a high-quality, lower-cost, side of care. And as they come together, they're building scale, which will actually make them more efficient and more effective. And as Steve said, they'll be even better prepared to participate in value-based care programs when those are more widely available. So, I think as a macro trend, it's positive. And as Steve said, we will do our best to make sure that we continue to lead in that area.
Bob Mauch: Yeah, I'll start with that. So, the answer to your question in terms of how we work together and making sure that their strategic execution goes well, as you'd expect, we work very, very closely together. So, these are not plans that we would find out about after the fact. In fact, we would expect to and be involved in supporting that and helping, right, so that the most successful outcome possible is achieved. And in the example of store closures, that's something that we'll work very closely with Walgreens on, and we expect that they'll have a good level of success in maintaining the volume, but we do work very closely together, not only on but overall in our position with Walgreens and really all of our customers is to make sure that we're doing everything that we can to support their strategy and build long-term strategic relationships. And that's exactly what we're doing as we sit here today with Walgreens.
Bob Mauch: Yeah. Hi, George, thanks for the question and the warm wishes. Yeah, look, Walgreens is an incredibly strategic relationship for us and a strategic partnership between the two of us. As I mentioned earlier in one of the operational questions, we work every day to make sure that we're supporting the strategy of WBA, as they go forward. And I think it's important to note that we have a very broad and strategic relationship. So, there certainly is the Walgreens distribution relationship, there's also the Boots distribution relationship, and of course, we buy generics together. So, as you would expect, we're working very closely with them. We want to do everything that we can to support their strategy as they go forward. But as long-term strategic partners, we're at the table doing everything that we can.
Bob Mauch: Yeah, I'll take that. Thank you, Stephanie, very much. Look, the environment is, as it has been for a long period of time, competitive, but also very stable. We work diligently to make sure that we're supporting all of our customers across our entire portfolio, which is really from end to end, from a provider standpoint, here in the United States and outside of the United States. Specifically, we're working to help drive efficiency. We'll work to help improve service levels where that's important to those customers. And it's a customized approach, and that's really important for the large customers in particular. Then, we also have our programmatic services that Steve mentioned, our ThoughtSpot conference and our Good Neighbor Pharmacy independent pharmacy customers. And of course, we've talked about community oncologists as we go through. So, each of those customer segments requires a different approach, but in every case, we work diligently and we invest in having long-term strategic partnerships, so that we bring the resources of Cencora to support that customer strategy. Specifically, on the pricing front that you asked about, Stephanie, we have over many years worked to balance our contracts, so that when we work with a provider customer, pharmacy customer that we are not subsidizing one product category over another so that as mix changes happen, there's not a detriment to the customer or to Cencora. So, it's a bit more predictable as we go forward and as the market dynamics continue. So, we believe it's healthy and a positive in terms of our customer relationships.
Bob Mauch: Yeah. Thanks, Kevin. I'll start with just macro. The independents have been incredibly resilient over a long period of time. And as we've said a few times during this call, our intent is to be really close to them at all times. So, we're always talking to our customers, including the independent customers, about how we can best support them. NADAC specifically, it's a voluntary survey. We've seen the volatility in that survey and we're not seeing specific requests from our independent customers around this, at this time. But it's -- obviously, this and all things in the market around reimbursement, we stay very, very close to and close to our customers.
Jim Cleary: Sure. Great. Lisa, I'll answer the second part of your question. I'll start by saying that we'll provide comprehensive guidance at the end of our fiscal year after we've completed our year-end planning process. I'll also say that we do feel good about our long-term guidance that contemplates operating income growth of 5% to 8% and EPS growth of 8% to 12%. And you asked about puts and takes. Items that would move us within a range include things like growth in specialty products to physicians and health systems and the growth rate in that important part of our business, continued positive utilization trends, of course, timing of capital deployment, including any timing of share repurchases. And then also one other thing for fiscal year '25 is comparison to the first season with commercial COVID vaccines. As you'll recall in the first quarter of fiscal year '24, we sold a lot of commercial COVID vaccines and we're preparing for that and -- for the first quarter of '25, but of course, it's hard to predict the absolute level. I'll finish by just saying that we've consistently delivered strong financial performance, driven by our leading market positions and the continued execution by our team members, our pharmaceutical-centric foundation and our competitive position enables us to capitalize on market trends and continue to deliver solid results. So, thanks a lot for the question, Lisa.
Jim Cleary: Yeah. I'll start out in talking about the overall health of the market. We continue to see very good utilization trends. We saw solid utilization trends in the quarter, which is something we've talked about for quite some time. Those include continued growth of GLP-1s, which of course, drive top-line, but are minimally profitable on the bottom-line. But we are also seeing particularly strong sales of specialty products to physician practices and health systems that continue to outpace the broader market growth. And within specialty, we're seeing positive trends in both oncology and ophthalmology. Other kind of macro things as you're asking about, drug pricing, really no new commentary there. Brand inflation, that we would have talked more about last quarter because of the timing, brand inflation continues to be in line with our expectations, but then of course, over 95% of our brand buy-side dollars are fee for service. And generic deflation, really the same commentary that we've had for quite some time now that we've seen a moderation of generic deflation. And of course, our business model is not as reliant on generic pricing because of our contract rebalancing. But overall, in terms of market trends, it's very consistent with our recent commentary.
Jim Cleary: Yeah. So, I will start. We've seen some softness in our consulting business as we commented on -- in our prepared remarks, and that's been noted by some other companies in the space. There are some early positive indicators in the market. It's too early to call it a rebound, but we are seeing some early positive indicators. And our team is really focused on identifying and prioritizing revenue-generating action items. And I'll also say that we do remain confident in our strategic decision to acquire the business.
Jim Cleary: Yeah, thanks a lot for asking that question. And the decline in gross profit margin this quarter is very explainable. First, let me say, year-over-year in the U.S., it's due to increase in sales of lower-margin GLP-1s. And then, if you look at it on a consolidated basis, really the balance is simply due to mix. The U.S. business grew faster in the quarter, of course, than the International business did and the U.S. business has lower gross profit margins. The International business has more of the kind of higher-margin businesses in it, and so that mix also had an impact during the quarter. Thank you for asking.
Jim Cleary: Yeah, and I'll just very briefly answer the last part of the question. And I think it goes without saying, but of course, we stay close to our key customers and we always are estimating growth and take that into account as we're developing our annual plans.
Jim Cleary: Okay. There's a lot there, Erin, and let me quickly go through it. So first of all, on International, as we said during the prepared remarks in the International segment, operating income was down 4.1% this quarter on a reported basis and up 1% on a constant currency basis. And the results -- there are couple of things that we called out. And as we previously called out, there were higher IT expenses in our European distribution businesses and we've continued to do the right thing, which is kind of investing in IT there. So, we have very good systems there. And then, the one other thing that we called out is lower operating income in our global specialty logistics business, which is long term, a great performing business, but what we saw this quarter was less international shipments and some lower rates per shipment. So, those are two things that impacted International this quarter. And we did have this quarter a very good performance by our Canadian business. And so, from a guidance perspective, we brought down the top end of the operating income growth range by 1 percentage point in our International segment. And just to put it into perspective, 1 percentage point is about $7 million. And we indicated we were modestly lowering that range due to the third quarter results and some softness in the PharmaLex business. But overall, what I will say is that results will tend to be a little bit more lumpy in our International business than in our U.S. business, because our U.S. business is really driven by pharmaceutical distribution and the utilization trends there, where the International business has more of the high-margin, high-growth businesses in it that can tend to be a bit more lumpy from time to time. And so, the second part of the question, really nothing new to call out in animal health. Year-to-date, revenue growth has been 7%. We're basically continuing to see the same sorts of trends in companion animal and production animal that we talked about, and I would say, we are seeing just kind of very good execution by our team there. And I think that fully covers it, Erin. Thank you for those questions.
Jim Cleary: Yeah. So, let me address that, and I believe your question was focused on the U.S. segment. And of course, we are increasing our operating income guidance in the U.S. towards the upper end of the previous range. So, we were guiding at 10% to 12% adjusted operating income growth and now we're guiding at 11% to 12% adjusted operating income growth. And really nothing specific to call out there beyond what we have been talking about is solid utilization trends and broad-based, good performance across many business units and particularly strong sales of specialty products to physician practices and health systems. So, the thing that could move us within that guidance range as we kind of get to the end of our fiscal year is just kind of how well businesses perform as the year ends. And then, the COVID part of it is key, and so thank you for asking that. We expect the contribution from total COVID to be down year-over-year in our fourth quarter. And the contribution from commercial vaccines, we expect to be comparable year-over-year, but we expect very little contribution from therapies in the fourth quarter, and we are lapping the fourth quarter of last year when we had contribution of $0.08 from exclusive therapies. And so that is kind of the one thing that creates a bit of a headwind in the comp year-over-year is we did have the $0.08 from exclusive therapies last year and we're expecting very little contribution from those -- from commercial therapies this year. Thank you for asking the question.
Jim Cleary: Yes. In the discussion of specialty logistics, the specific things that we were referring to when we said early positive signs were some volume trends. And so Eric, it was specifically on that. And I'll also just comment on that, as you know, that's a business that has just outperformed and grown really nicely for many years, and it's just -- it is a fantastic business for the long term.
