Steve Smith: Thanks, Paul. I would like to start with a summary of our quarterly sales and leasing results and then spent some time on product enhancements. Turning to our sales results. For the quarter, we had sales of $4.2 million of annualized which included 16,000 rentable square feet at an average GAAP rate of $259 per square foot, comprised entirely of our core retail co-location sales. While our sales and scale and hyper-scale leasing were below our goals for the quarter, our performance included excellent growth to new logo additions, solid pricing and strong renewals. So, let me walk you through a few of these in more detail. We have discussed in prior calls, the goal of substantially growing new logos acquisitions in order to achieve greater diversity of our base, enhance our ecosystem and provide a platform for future organic growth. And we’re seeing some solid traction in that regard. Here are few highlights. The annual GAAP rent for new logo additions in 2018 increased 81% over 2017. In addition, the average weighted monthly lease term for 2018 new low winds increased by about six months for new logos in 2017 and the majority of these 2018 logos were driven by process with ongoing logo growth for cloud and network providers. Pricing was also an important focus for us. For the quarter pricing on a new and expansion leases was consistent with a trailing 12 month average on a per kilowatt basis driven by continued execution in the core retail co-location space, which typically supports, better pricing and profitability. Moving to scale leasing as Paul mentioned our capacity constraints impacted our sales opportunities primarily sells the scale co-location, which we believe will be addressed by our ongoing property development in our presale activity for projects nearing completion. We also have several markets for available inventory where we look to execute better and driving scale leasing. Renewals are another key aspect of the health of our business during the fourth quarter of customer renewals were strong with annualized GAAP rent of $22.5 million. Rent growth of 3% on a cash bases and 7% on a GAAP basis and rental churn of 1.9% for the quarter, which is better than expected. So the fundamentals of our business remain strong with increasing growth from new customers at logos signing with CoreSite, existing customers including key strategic accounts choosing extend their term and expand their space with us, and core retail co-location pricing levels remain firm. Additional focus going forward will be on executing well in the skill segment as those opportunities align with our value proposition and available capacity. In my role as Chief Revenue Officer, we're evaluating opportunities to evolve or offerings in order to deepen our customer value or providing additional forms of revenue to the Company. We have been working directly and through partners with the goal of making it easier to customers to continue the digital transformation journey. As such, there are several steps, we have delivered this year and look to expand as we go forward. In 2018, we upgraded open cloud exchange with SDN architecture; enabling easier on-boarding to cloud and SaaS providers as well as paving the way for future development; added Microsoft Azure Express Route private connectivity in our Silicon Valley and Northern Virginia markets; enabled enterprises with direct private connectivity between VMware and AWS in four markets including Boston, Denver, New York and Northern Virginia; introduced AWS' logical redundancy offering, a second native point of connectivity to AWS Direct Connect at our Silicon Valley campus; provided dedicated access to the Oracle cloud infrastructure in Northern Virginia and Washington DC campuses; enabled inner market connectivity; expanded the flexibility of our blended IP product and formalize the launch of our solution partner program to extend our reach and value through our ecosystem to help customers along their journey from IT assessment to transition services to ongoing support and management. I hope this gives you a sense of our ever evolving customer centric initiatives in our data centers. We’re focused on the collective value of our solutions to customers as we enable them to execute against their business plans and grow the relationships among each other. Technology is driving higher expectations in all companies to make it easier and faster to do business with them. We believe, we are key resource for enterprises upgrading their technology to better support their business in the future. Enterprises that can drive a better digital experience for their employees, customers and suppliers should win in their respective industries. We expect to be the cornerstone of how they successfully deliver digital transformation. With that, I will hand the call up to Jeff.
Steve Smith: Sure. Well, thanks, Nick. Thanks for the question. I mean, yes, there was one area that we did see some good traction on, I think, is an important aspect. We've mentioned it on prior calls, where that was a key focus area for us even, I would say, more than a year ago where we wanted to really provide more diversity across our base, be less reliant upon our existing customer base for our future growth and just enhance the ecosystem, and that's been the real impetus for this whole initiative. But there's been really a concerted effort both from our sales, marketing, product teams, our channel team really across the board to ensure that we drive the right messaging, the outright outreach that we align our incentive plans, all of those kind of things to ensure that we really motivate all over is in the water toward -- rolling toward those new logos. So, I'd say, it's really kind of a combined effort there as well as just looking at the industries that we've -- that have been adopting CoreSite, those that value our value proposition. And really trying to get better at identifying through internal as we call it customer knowledge of those customers that tend to buy from us, and how do we target more of them to just get smart about where we spend our money and where we spend our time to better attract those logos. So it's really just a combination of all those things.
Steve Smith: Hey, Colby. This is Steve. I'll take a shot at this and then Paul can chime in anything that I might miss here. But I would just tell you, as far as the overall pipeline is concerned for pre-leasing, whether it'd be in Virginia or in the Bay Area, activity still remains strong. We are having multiple conversations and we're still positive with the outlook. As far as any individual deals are concerned, not sure exactly which individual deals we're in discussion. But I would tell you that even customer requirements, especially of that size, move all over the place based on their dates, and when they want them or whether or not they remain a real opportunity. So the overall market in the pipeline still remains strong and we're optimistic about where we can go with it. As it relates to pricing, we feel like we've underwritten the asset to where we can still absolutely execute against it and meet the returns that we underwrote. The market clearing price, I would say, there's not necessarily a market clearing price. So I think there's a lot of variables that go into what prices in any given market, but maybe especially in Virginia as to what customers value, whether or not they're willing to pay for it and how much scale they're looking to bring on board. So we feel like, based on the value, the ecosystem, the scale and size and the level of redundancy that we have built into the asset that we'll be able to meet the market.
Steve Smith: Hey, Frank. This is Steve. As it relates to the sales headcount, we had a couple of open positions, few open positions, I would say coming out of 2018 that we have now filled a couple of markets, for example, Chicago, where we have obviously new building coming on board where we expect to have better traction there and be prepared for that building coming online and just adjusting a few heads here and there. But overall very consistent with where we've been in prior quarters and prior years. So I wouldn't expect any significant changes as far as total number of heads or dollars associated with them. As it relates to the rent and per square footage piece of it, I'll just give you those -- give you my perspective and then hand it up to Jeff. But the uplift was primarily driven just from increased density that we saw in the fourth quarter, whereas as we saw some of those smaller deals that were also more dense that drove the square footage dollar up in that quarter.
Steve Smith: Yes, I'll give you a little bit of color on the scale versus retail. We don't necessarily break it out as far as which sites are specifically suited one for the other. But I would say in general, Paul kind of mapped this out earlier in his comments around our initial phase at VA3, which is primarily geared toward colo, the DC2 facility, which recently came online, is more colo oriented. Obviously the LA1 15th floor that we'll be building out this year, will be more colo-oriented. As you look to our newer build, it's probably easier to look at them has been able to accommodate either, retail or scale or wholesale. Just on the modular fashion and you have a fresh floor plate that you can grow from. So, I think if you look at the next phase of VA3 for example, SV8, LA3, CH2, those are all able to accommodate both retail and scale or hyperscale.
Steve Smith: The only thing I would add to that is that I think our model does lend itself, in some cases, to tighten that up on occasion, because we do sell smaller deployments that in the right floor plate will allow us to fill that in tighter with smaller deployments, whether they are networks, smaller enterprises or the otherwise. So I think our model as opposed to being just focused on hyperscale where the -- either you have it or you don't, that's another reason why are we focused on trying to bring in more logos and get more diversity across our install base, so that we can fill in some of those other pockets.
Steve Smith: The only thing I'd tell you Jonathan is, if you look at the -- just the broader industry and technology as a whole, interconnection is not reducing, it's accelerating if anything. So the amount of interconnected things out there just continues to grow. And so I think that provides a good opportunity for the industry and for us as well and how we monetize that. We have physical versus logical interconnection, I think, is playing out as we speak and that's why we've made some of the investments around the OCX and providing the additional capabilities there. But I guess to answer maybe an embedded question that you had there around SDN eroding any pricing around physical cross connects, we have not seen that as of yet.
Paul Szurek: Great. Hey, Jonathan. Thanks for the question. As it relates to better execution, I think, you'll hear me say that consistently regardless of our results. But I do think we can and should do better, especially in the scale leasing and really across the board. As it relates to scale leasing with the inventory that we have today, there are a few pockets where we have availability to sell scale deals today albeit a few. And I just think there is always areas where we can execute better as far as how we are aligning to the market, making sure that the market is aware of our -- our availability out there, how we're ensuring that our value is driven throughout the organization is making those decisions and that we position us in the most favorable light to win. So that's really just how do we ensure that those aspects come together and we continue to just try to get better in that regard. As it relates to your question around OCX and SDN, it really just sets the platform up for us to be able to provide those capabilities and automating the provisioning of logical circuits across our OCX. We have seen some initial interest and we are encouraged by the future of what that can provide us, not only for intra-market, but also inter-market and some additional enhanced services as we go forward. So it's really just kind of setting the stage for the future.
Paul Szurek: Sure. So just to give you a couple of use cases, a great use case that we've already seen some demand for is where customers may be deployed in one market, but need access to a native on-ramp -- cloud on-ramp in another market, where they can access our Open Cloud Exchange, logically provision that circuit to gain access within our Open Cloud Exchange on the other end in different market and get that native connectivity. So that's a pretty common request, I would say. Another that it would be -- a pretty typical use case would be where our customers are deployed in more than one market, where they may have an active, active type of environment or perhaps want to just load share their requirements between different markets and they can share those from a connectivity standpoint and be able to turn those up and down, based on the amount of demand and amount of traffic that they need. So just a couple of examples for you. Now I'll let Jeff to answer your other question there.
Paul Szurek: Really just two things. One is the continuous improvement that we strive for that Steve mentioned and they do a great job here in Mali and the rest of the team and diving into every opportunity from the previous quarter, lessons learned, how do we change our approach for future opportunities. And we've seen a lot of success from that continuous improvement. The other thing is what you guys have seen happen in this space since it was created is that you have different waves and cycles of user demand. And one year, we see a lot of scale sales in our markets and then those get filled up. And then in subsequent years, there's less of that. But then as those fill up, the cycle comes back. So I think having the capacity is a prima facie requirement for winning those deals. And I feel good about what we see out there in the industry in general and pipelines in general.
Paul Szurek: So every side of the edge cycles are different than undifferentiated or hyperscale cycles. We had a big edge cycle in 2015 and 2016. It started tapering off in 2017 and 2018. But we're seeing good signs going forward for that, that's not a promise of anything, but I do feel good about where we are in the edge cycle.
Paul Szurek: This Paul, Nick. We feel good about Santa Clara market. There is always room for more participants in that market. But we like our campus ecosystem, the value that it drives, the performance that it drives, that's why we are -- despite those new participants in the market, we're continuing to look to expand that campus, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks.
Paul Szurek: I do. And I don't expect this to be a significant delay, although it's a bit of a disappointment. And let me just be clear, I have a lot of sympathy for these power companies that got to manage these grids, and I'm guessing there's more sensitivity around this today than there was in the past. So I get it, they want to get it right, we want them to get it right, and we're hopefully very close to resolving that and being able to start construction in the first half of this year. So it shouldn't meaningfully move from where we were expecting it in the past, but it could be a quarter or two maybe slightly more from what we had previously.
Paul Szurek: It was a little bit lighter in 2018. And I would refer you back to my -- the comments I made earlier about cycles of demand in various areas. I think we'll see that be better in 2019.
Paul Szurek: Some of them have already commenced and there's revenue in them, others will commence over this quarter and the next coming quarters. Just want to give you a little bit of detail there, Richard. VA3, 1A is a pure co-location asset, so it doesn't really accommodate scale. And those take a wild lease up, but it's leasing up frankly handsomely right now. DC2 was really completed late in December, it had its first tenant signed up earlier this month. And so that's a very new asset and those new co-location assets tend to take -- they're more linear in their lease up whereas scale assets tend to be lumpier in their lease up.
Paul Szurek: So, yes, obviously our guidance implies very strongly that we expect 2018 to be a trough. And the the requirement of increased sales is you have to have capacity to sell, and it has to be the right capacity in the right markets. Our trademark has been, as I mentioned in our comments that we've been able to accommodate deployments from as small as a cabinet or sometimes even less all the way up to substantially larger requirements 8 megawatts, 9 megawatts and even occasionally a powered shell. We just didn't have anything like that kind of capacity to accommodate, accommodate those types of opportunities in 2018, but we will in 2019 and continuing further into 2020.
Paul Szurek: So we try actually -- and maybe we've taken the wrong approach to this, but we try to be really straightforward based on the documentation that we have in place. So when we're in the permitting phase for going off the advisor's estimates of how long it takes to get permits in a particular jurisdiction, I think, going forward, we're going to categorize that as pre-construction and not be as detailed as on in terms of when we will get permits, because it is very hard to predict in these markets. And then in terms of construction, we go based on what the delivery date in the construction contract is in terms of when we expect delivery. Now those delivery dates can change based on weather changes, we've got a certain amount of allowances and contracts, and sometimes, there are unanticipated field conditions that can drive the delays. That's primarily what's going on with VA3 in terms of sliding from late in the third quarter to call it mid second quarter is a combination of site conditions and weather conditions in the Virginia market.
Paul Szurek: I think it is pretty variable. I think we've seen that over time as that densities have crept up. So I think that trend will probably continue. I think Q4 was probably a little bit higher elevated primarily because of the fact we had just --such a concentration in retail and the smaller deployments. But I think in that segment and even in the skilled segment, you're seeing densities creep up a little bit.
Paul Szurek: Dave, this is Paul. I just -- I would point you to page 13 of the supplemental. And I think you can kind of get the picture that it's a combination of tight occupancies and the market spread of where we had capacity like Santa Clara 97.3% occupied, I think you can easily interpret what that means for the ability to handle scale there. NY2, 77% occupied, more capacity to handle scale, but a less strong market, and I think that sort of illustrates the dynamic that we've been working through in 2018 and we'll be solving in 2019.
Paul Szurek: Nate about the land bank. And I think the new parcel we put under contract in Santa Clara illustrates our approach that we -- as we said the last several quarters, we need to be more proactive than we have been in the past about acquiring, entitling and getting shovel-ready land for expansion in key markets. And so we had a rush to get the SV8 land, the CH2 land and the VA3 land in position to develop, to acquire and put -- it get in a position to develop. And we don't want to fall short like that again in the future. So we are active in all of our major markets to look for additional opportunities to expand. Land availability, property availability in these markets is the -- the supply can be somewhat a femoral. So you have to be in the market all the time looking for it, working on it, striving for off-market deals when you can -- and making them work in terms of connectivity and power and proximity. So again, look at the new land we have under contract in Santa Clara as an example of that. And I apologize, I forgot the second half of your question.
Paul Szurek: So let me try to answer this one. When we sit down with our major customers, really all the way down to the top 20 or 30 customers, the primary thing they value about us is that we keep expanding and these infill edge markets, where we exist. Because they have tremendous needs, they foresee significant needs during the future and they realize it is hard to proactively expand in those markets. That doesn't preclude us from going into other markets, when we can find the right conditions. And believe it or not, we do consistently look at opportunities, but we just haven't found the right ones. I think that would be more of a domestic thing if and when it happens, international may happen in the future, I wouldn't rule it out, but it's not something that we're focused on at this time.
Paul Szurek: I would say we feel just as good about secular long term and intermediate-term and really even short-term demand at today as we did at the beginning of 2018. Using your hockey analogy, we just want to camp out in front of the goal, because we know that's where all the pucks ultimately end up. And having capacity in major metro infill markets that is crucial for low latency, high-performance applications for consumers and businesses, and as well as the Internet peering points, is a core part of our strategy and it's served us very well so far and we feel -- we still feel very good about that. In terms of build costs, I think they have come up, obviously a little bit more, I would say than general overall inflation over the last couple of years. It varies significantly market-to-market, labor costs are probably the most variable dynamic. Our design team does puts a lot of work into not constantly, but regularly updating our designs to create a more efficient and cost effective way to build to offset some of those costs. Our construction management team works very hard to keep them in line and our equipment procurement team consistently works through our supply chain to try to offset some of that, but you're still seeing some construction cost inflation.
Paul Szurek: I mean, really, again, I'd go back to the my response to an earlier comment. It really varies by market, but yes, there are markets where we are so tight in the -- or buildings that we're so tight that. And -- I think when you get above 91%, 92% you see this a lot more where you just don't have those contiguous spaces where you can handle 1 megawatt deployment much less 2 megawatts, 3 megawatts, 4 megawatts.
Paul Szurek: First, thank you all for being on the call. Appreciate the interest and the good questions. One of the -- I forget which one of you and I apologize for that, but one of the analyst reports that came out overnight, mentioned that they were glad to have 2018 behind us, and for CoreSite. And I certainly appreciate that sentiment because it has been a year of transition from using up the native capacity that we had since IPO and moving into a new development phase of the Company. I honestly feel very good about what the team accomplished in 2018. And I'm not referring to myself, I probably have a longer list than any of you guys of things that I could have done better. But the people that I work with here had a really remarkable 2018 in terms of putting together the building blocks for future growth. From the construction progress that we made, the new land that we've entitled and started into the permitting and development process. The operational excellence and the high levels that we achieved in that and frankly greater efficiencies, the better power efficiency and there are a lot of other smaller building blocks throughout the organization in terms of IT and other areas that are really going to collectively be important as we go forward. So it was from the outside, it was a year of a lot of work, a lot of grinding work, but I feel good about what the team accomplished and I'm very excited as we move forward into 2019 and beyond. So thank you very much for your interest and we'll talk to you next quarter.
Jeff Finnin: Jonathan, I would say that -- excuse me, in general, that PUE uplift contributed about 60 basis points to 70 basis points to our adjusted EBITDA margin during the year. And so those are some of the things that Paul has kind of messaged as we think about operational improvements during 2018 and that our team is continuing to focus on as we head into 2019.
Jeff Finnin: Yes. Jordan. I would say that all of those items you mentioned, whether it's some of the consolidation just some of it associated with some churn are all embedded into those estimates. But I think if you look at the past two to three years, you can see that has decelerated by 200 basis points to 300 basis points per year, largely driven off of the volume growth. To the positive side, what we continue to see is customers that migrate from a certain volume to a higher volume product which obviously increases price. And so while you may not see volumes, our overall volume increase from a per unit basis, overall pricings continue to go up just as they migrate to a higher priced product, we continue to see that, but all of that has been embedded into that -- those estimates. As you point out, the midpoint is about 8.3%, the range is somewhere around 6% to 11% and we'll just see how we perform as we work through the year.
Jeff Finnin: Yes, I mean the -- obviously the backlog as I mentioned, you got about $9.9 million call it $10 million that we've got visibility into for next year. And the remaining of those commencements are going to be largely dependent upon our leasing results and some of that is dependent upon our construction deliveries. And so, we'll continue to update as we work through the year. In terms of trying to estimate that, I would just point to whatever our high-level revenue guidance is, and our churn estimates, and make some estimates on estimated timing of leasing and commencements of -- gets you there based on the high-level revenue guidance we've provided. And we'll continue to update you guys as we progress during the year.
Jeff Finnin: Yes, just broadly speaking if you look at the megawatts for '19, we're looking at delivering about 19 megawatts, and 2020, it's only 12. And so I think, keep that in mind, I do believe 2019 would be elevated as compared to where we think 2020 will be at least as we sit here today. That may change based upon ultimate sales and absorption trends as we kind of work our way through 2019 and obviously will provide some detailed color around that as we get closer to to the end of this year. But I wouldn't expect it to be higher than what we're expecting for this year. If anything similar or slightly down based on where we sit today.
Jeff Finnin: Yes, good morning, Colby. Those are items, it's going to be very dependent upon ultimately based upon our EBITDA growth in terms of where that leverage ultimately gets too. But more specifically, to your question, our leverage at 4.5 which we've messaged to, we continue to have those conversations with our Board when we meet and assess where we want to take that leverage, but that is one option that we would look at. There are other options that we need to consider based upon many factors in terms of the economics out in the marketplace. And so it's one lever we can pull, not the only lever. We just got to evaluate those with our Board as we work our way through the year and see how the lease-up is coming and ultimately the EBITDA growth associated with it.
Jeff Finnin: Frank, the only thing I'd add to that is Steve did make a reference in his prepared remarks that our pricing on a per kilowatt basis was consistent with the trailing 12 months coming into the fourth quarter, and so that gives you a better sense for that density to drive some of that increase on a per square foot basis.
Jeff Finnin: Yes, Dave. I would just add that we saw, obviously, some of that occurring in 2018. I would say it moderated in the fourth quarter. What that looks like going forward is obviously, we have estimates associated with it and we'll continue to monitor, customer movement and/or changes as we work through the year. But I can't put a number on it for you, but it is, we did see it moderate in the fourth quarter.
Jeff Finnin: I saw your note this morning. So I appreciate you raising the question. Just to give you some color on the fourth quarter, first of all. As Steve alluded to, our churn in the fourth quarter was better than anticipated. We had a good outcome ultimately with the customer we were renewing the fourth quarter. And while they did churn some level of their space, it wasn't as a high as what we anticipated. So I think, overall, that was good news. In terms of 2019, the commentary I provided last quarter which is consistent with where we sit today is -- and we would expect elevated churn from somewhere between 2%, 2.5% in each of the two first quarters, so just the first half of the year. Second half of the year, we would expect that to be returning back to normal levels. So just factor that in, that should explain your question related to the guidance for the year.
Jeff Finnin: Yes, great point Robert. The DC2 did come online very late in the fourth quarter. And so you will see an uptick here in the first quarter associated with that rent for that particular data center. And in terms of the adjusted EBITDA margins, if you look at our guidance, you can see that it's very flat compared to where we ended 2018. I think the implied EBITDA margin is at 54.4%, right in line with where we ended 2018.
Jeff Finnin: I don't, George. What I would utilize though, you can see where those percentages came out for the full year of 2018, I would use that same pro-rata allocation as you will look at your estimates for 2019. I don't think those are going to be moving meaningfully.
Jeff Finnin: Yes, I think, just maybe to clarify as it relates to some of the items that were impacting churn for the interconnection growth, I'm sorry in 2018. We alluded to some of the consolidation taking place inside the portfolio as one aspect of it, the second being some of the migration from 10 gig to 100 gig. And on the second, the migration, and there's only a minority of customers that really is applicable to. And so it's hard for us to ultimately forecast when it makes sense from their perspective based on the volume of traffic they are moving through those switches. It is something that we watch and try to make estimates on. I don't know if it's going to moderate for next year or not, but it's something we continue to watch. But just keep in mind, I think, it really is only applicable to a minority of our customers that we haven't based today. And then I've missed the last part of the question, second part.
Jeff Finnin: Yes. No, that's a great question and that's in area that we continue to focus and put a lot of energy into in terms of evaluating how best to monetize the value of the ecosystem that's there today and how to balance that with customer expectations. And as Steve alluded to, we're looking at various products that might enhance that, we're going to continue looking at it. I wish I could give you a definitive number and where that heads. Clearly, we would like to see it moderate rather than continuing to decline and we got to figure out ways to make sure that happens.
Jeff Finnin: Jordan, one more thing I've to add as you think about longer-term growth. And that is, I do believe that the interconnection revenue growth is fairly correlated to the volume of kilowatts we're selling and the type of deployments that we are selling. And so keep that in mind as you think about the growth in the outer years. I do think it's little bit -- it's more correlated with the volume of kilowatts that we're selling.
