Steve Collis: Yes. Lisa, and thanks for the question. So let me start off with the insulin pricing. So AmerisourceBergen and our industry will be in the forefront of discussions with manufacturers and stakeholders. The current fee-for-service model obviously is based off the list price or the WAC price, and it provides the transparency for the industry, including manufacturers and distributors. So as these products change the pricing, and we understand that there've probably been no products that are more high profile, that are more important to patient care in terms of the chronic nature of the diabetes condition. And with the high list price and the heavily rebated products, we anticipated that there could be changes. For us, we will try preserve our economics. We do have an ability to negotiate on a fee-for-service basis with the manufacturers. And I think everyone in the industry recognizes that the requirements and the expectations for distributors are becoming even more profound, if you look at the drug security and pedigree changes that are coming into place, the high inventory demands, a much more difficult environment in terms of interest rates. I think our role has never been clearer. I was at NACDS last week, got to meet with all sorts of customers. And we should never take for granted the basic financing, inventory and shipping functions that we do. Those are incredibly important to the health of our customers and our patients. The second part of your question was on the new class of products, sometimes called the GLP-1 drugs, as I noticed the category we're talking about. I think it's just really important for us to follow the prescription dollar. We have done that, whether it's cell and gene therapies or on specialty oncology drugs or ophthalmology drugs. And this category is the class or trade is mainly retail. We're well represented in that class, through both mail-order customers and even more specifically through large customers like Walgreens. So we will keep our market share, which is very impressive, somewhere in north of 30% region on these products. And it's just another example of how innovation in health care and new products are going to help drive AmerisourceBergen's growth and fundamentals. So thanks for the question.
Steve Collis: Yes. Thank you for the question on PharmaLex. We're very proud of this acquisition. I think it really highlights AmerisourceBergen, a commitment to being in the markets we serve, a global commercialization solutions provider. And we really -- I think the leadership under Bob Mauch, that is really focus on the integration of this acquisition, are doing an outstanding job. Most recently, there were a continuation of the planning meetings with both the U.K. and German teams to incredible markets, important markets for that team. I think just getting to know AmerisourceBergen, getting to know our different offerings, getting to understand what World Courier does and extended does, for example, has been key learnings for their team. And we are impressed with the quality of the teams and their positioning within the channels and are very interested in helping them grow and develop the business. Initially, I think organically and in future, perhaps if you're looking at expansions of both lines of service as well as geographic lines. Just to remind the audience that services that PharmaLex provide fall under four main segments: development, consulting, regulatory affairs, pharmacovigilance, quality management and compliance. These are areas that we think will be critically important to the future of the small and medium companies, of course, the larger companies as well. But as we highlighted in the scripts, we are focused on providing additional services to that category of customers. And that's traditionally where PharmaLex has been highly successful, and we expect to only invest and grow behind that team. And we're just so far, so good. I'm proud of the way that our team has really embraced this acquisition. And I think it's also part of the reason why Cencora is going to be a very good strategic name change for the company as we look to the quarters ahead.
Steve Collis: Yes. And just one thing. If we look at AmerisourceBergen, a lot of the work we do, even at companies like PharmaLex, it really doesn't start in Phase I and II. It's -- fortunately, we're more in the Phase III side. So I think that's just another point that Bennett wanted me to make. Got to give the investor guy some credit here.
Steve Collis: Yes. I mean it's -- the community pharmacists, it's quite incredible how well they hold up. And I think in a way, that sure in the initial days of COVID, I think there was a trend towards people and may or having more market share. But this marketplace really supports all sorts of pharmacy solutions. Definitely, I think the role of the vaccinations in the pharmacies has been a good example of our pharmacists practicing at the top of their scale. And we continue to see our pharmacy customers gain inroads and preserve their market share. And that, in fact, I think most of our payer customers, when we look at our Elevate Network, recognize that they have an important role to play. We try to get, as we pointed out in the script, community pharmacists to play even a role in looking for clinical trial participants, patients that could participate, particularly in disaffected communities, communities that don't often participate in trials. So it's just an exciting time to do this kind of work. It's an exciting time for our customers. We have our trade show coming up over the summer. And I know that engaging with those folks always just makes us excited about how they're looking at their patients, their communities and what they can do to serve. Also, I would say, our oncology business, which is comprised largely of independent oncology practices, continues to thrive. And I think it will only be strengthened by the continued commitment that we show to the sector. And I think that's the message to our customers on why we're investing in OneOncology as one of the lead investors. Thank you.
Steve Collis: We don't really comment on it. I mean, obviously, the general trend is that 340B is growing. AmerisourceBergen is growing in our health systems business. It's an important customer segment for us. I think a couple of years ago, we were lagging a bit in market share. We've really been able to enhance the team in the Health System segment of growing with market leaders. We have, I think, good relationships with the hospital GPOs and with other key providers and continue to participate where it makes sense in RFPs. Probably this is a sector where there's more RFPs because of the contractual relationships. And a lot of the hospitals are in the 500 million range in annual volume, which wouldn't be big enough for us to comment on an individual basis, but there's pretty -- every few months, we participate in a large hospital where it makes sense for us to participate. I would say on 340B, we follow the market obviously, some of this historically had hurt some of our Part B car business as it went into health systems. I think we've been very effective at servicing both classes of trade and being objective providers. I think often this channel -- the thoughts of channel conflict can largely be dismissed and objectively by being a fair provider and really being transparent about what your different strategies are. And so we don't really over focus on this and just follow that prescription dollar, and I think that's been the best strategy for us, George. So I see we're a little bit past 9:30. So I just want to say how proud Jim and Bennett and I were to report this quarter. It's a tremendously strong second quarter for AB. I think really enhances the theme of us making the right sort of capital deployments. Our acquisitions that we've made recently continued to track very well. And I think it adds hopefully to our reputation of solid execution and building on our strengths. We are excited to have OneOncology join our family of companies in a way through the investment that we've made. And just in summary, I would say that AmerisourceBergen as a purpose-driven company and future as Cencora is very well positioned for long-term growth, and we'll offer our shareholders a differentiated return. Thank you very much.
Jim Cleary: Yes. Great. I will start off, and I'll talk about the back half of the year, and then I'm sure Steve will want to talk about our positive experience we've had thus far with the PharmaLex acquisition. We -- in our guidance, we're implying strong performance in the back half of the year. And as we talked about during the call, during the prepared remarks, we increased our adjusted operating income guidance in the U.S. ex COVID from a 5% to 7% growth to 6% to 8% growth for the year. And really, what's driving the back half is the same sort of things that drove this recent quarter where we performed very well. We're seeing strong U.S. core growth, particularly ex COVID. We're seeing utilization trends that continue to be strong. We're seeing broad-based growth across our customer base, including sales to our largest customers and sales of specialty products to physician practices and health systems. We also saw good results in our Animal Health business this most recent quarter. And so it's those sorts of things that are driving the continued good performance in the second half. We're also -- as we said during the prepared remarks, we're expecting for OpEx growth to slow during the second half. And we're also expecting some better FX in the second half, where it was a headwind in the first half, we're expecting it to be a slight tailwind in the second half. So those are some of the things that are driving the good performance and the increase in guidance. And with that, I'll turn it over to Steve to talk about PharmaLex.
Jim Cleary: Steve, I would just emphasize the point that you were making earlier that the value we provide in the supply chain and the services we provide are just highly justifiable.
Jim Cleary: Sure. I'll just say that we had very good operational performance internationally during the quarter. Revenue was down 0.2% on an as-reported basis, but up 11.9% on a constant currency basis. And operating income was down 5.9% on an as-reported basis, but up 7.3% on a constant currency basis. And please keep in mind that in this quarter last year, we had Profarma Specialty in the numbers also, which has since been divested, which contributed 3% of the segment operating income last year. As Steve said, one of the key drivers this quarter was performance at World Courier. And we are seeing, as Steve was saying, like good, workings and synergies between World Courier and Alloga at Alliance, and now PharmaLex is getting involved with that, and so there's good opportunities there. And we're also, from an administrative standpoint, seeing good shared services opportunities between the business. And of course, as we've called out before, some very good tax synergies between the businesses as we become a more global company. So thank you for the question.
Jim Cleary: Yes. I would say kind of a key thing about the quarter and is just how broad based the results were particularly in the U.S. business. And we called out sales to largest customers, and we provide details on that in the Q. And we did see our two largest customers have quite good growth in sales. We also called out, as we frequently do, increase in sales of specialty products to both physician practices and health systems. But just -- those are just 2 of the things that we called out. I think probably the kind of the key thing on this quarter in the U.S. is just how broad-based it was, and that would include strong performance in independent -- excuse me, independent pharmacies also. And then as I said earlier, a very good quarter in the Animal Health business. And I think Steve has a couple of things he wants to follow up on.
Jim Cleary: Yes, Steve, I'll just follow up. And the deal is structured as a joint venture, and we do not own the practices nor consolidate the revenue, as Steve was saying. And of course, it's a JV between AmerisourceBergen, TPG and OneOncology's affiliated practices and physicians. And upon closing the deal, we'd expect to have an initial ownership stake of approximately 35% in the joint venture with TPG, and the OneOncology practices and physicians owning the remaining 65%. And we currently intend to account for the investment after closing under the equity method of accounting, and our share of the joint venture's income or loss would be recorded in other income and included in our adjusted operating results.
Jim Cleary: Yes, it was a good quarter for the Animal Health business. And we signaled three months ago during our earnings call, but that's what we expected as a normalization of the business. And there was 6% revenue growth, and it was a good revenue growth in both companion animal and production animal during the quarter. We feel there probably are still some staffing pressures at that clinics weighing on visits, but we felt good about the 6% growth, and it was comparable growth rates in both companion animal and production animal. And I think importantly, we saw solid trends exiting March.
