James Cleary: Lisa, thank you. Great question. I'll answer that question from a financial perspective, and then I think Steve will want to add in and talk a little bit more about the business. But as you know, our guidance for this year for our U.S. Healthcare Solutions segment, revenue growth of 2% to 5% and adjusted operating income growth of 3% to 6%. And it's based on continued strong performance really across the business, where we continue to benefit from our differentiated position.  Now with regard to your question on COVID therapies, we don't expect to repeat the benefit that we had in fiscal year '21 from our exclusivity on the distribution of the main commercial COVID therapy. The benefit we got from COVID therapies in fiscal year '21, as I said in my prepared remarks, was $0.30.  And kind of let me give you some of the breakdown there. During the first quarter, it was $0.14, second quarter was $0.07, third quarter was $0.03 and fourth quarter was $0.06. So I'm sure that will help you in your modeling. And as we're looking at fiscal year '22, we expect the benefit that we get in the first quarter of fiscal year '22 to be $0.03. So we have an $0.11 headwind in the first quarter of fiscal year '22. And so we do expect to have lower operating income growth in U.S. Health Care Solutions in the first quarter of fiscal year '20, but we -- of course, as I said, expect 3% to 6% operating income growth for the full year, which includes, of course, Q1.  Now you asked about other COVID therapies. And of course, it's early, but we may very well get some benefit from other COVID therapies. And that's exactly why we have -- one of the reasons why we have a range, and we have a $0.30 range in our EPS between $10.50 and $10.80. We don't expect a lot of incremental benefit in the first quarter, but it could come later on in the year.  Now you also asked about utilization friends, which is a great question. And we are seeing strong utilization trends across our business, which has improved sequentially from the positive trends that we noted in our third fiscal quarter. And prescription trends are strong and have returned to pre-COVID-19 levels. And we did see -- have seen strong utilization improvement trends across the business in the second half and expect that to continue to benefit us in fiscal year '22 across our businesses and customers. And I see that Steve would like to just add a couple of things on the overall business. 
James Cleary: Yes. No, we haven't given revenue impact, but you are right, it is a 2% headwind for the whole year. And we're assuming we're going to sell that business during the first half of the year. And of course, our International Healthcare Solutions segment is really driven by Alliance Healthcare being the largest part of the segment, and we feel very good about the performance of Alliance. It's operating at or above our deal model. And then the next biggest piece of the International Healthcare Solutions segment is, of course, our World Courier business, which is also performing well. 
James Cleary: Yes. I think really in the summary that it is fully reflected in our guidance. And in fiscal year '22, and we do expect to continue to have higher expenses associated with picking, packing, shipping. There are some offsets from certain other FY '21 expenses that are not planned to repeat in FY '22. But of course, we keep a close eye on economic trends that can impact our business, and we have seen wage and transportation inflation across our business. During the summer, we moved quickly to adjust wages to ensure that they remain competitive and market aligned, and that's reflected in our fourth quarter results. And these things, like higher labor and transportation costs, they're fully contemplated in our fiscal year '22 guidance, and we'll manage these expenses as we do each year and work with our partners and customers to ensure that we're diligent in maintaining our fair compensation for the services we provide. 
James Cleary: Yes. And so there aren't any changes in the corporate allocation, and when we add businesses like MWI Animal Health and the consulting businesses to U.S. Health Care Solutions, MWI has had a stronger growth rate, particularly in fiscal year '21, the Animal Health business really benefited from the pandemic and the increase in debt ownership. And so that has been a higher growth business in fiscal year '21, whereas the consulting business has been a lower growth business. And so I think that gives you a little bit of additional color there. And then one thing that we are doing today is, as I said in my prepared remarks, we are filing an 8-K where we'll show the segments. The 2 new segments will show that on a historical basis for fiscal year '21, and how they look in the fiscal year '21. And I think probably a key thing is that when we look at the U.S. segment for this upcoming year, we're expecting 3% to 6% growth, which is largely apples to apples because of the size of the legacy business that are going into the new segment. 
James Cleary: Yes. And so as we've said before, we do plan to take down about 2/3 of the Alliance Healthcare acquisition debt by the end of fiscal year '23. We've started that process, so it's about $2 billion that we'll be paying down during that time frame. We expect to pay down about half of that in fiscal year '22. And so that is kind of one of the key parts of our capital deployment. We'll also, of course, continue to invest in the business and invest in current future growth in fiscal year '22. 
James Cleary: Sure. And so one of the key things is something that I've talked about in the prepared remarks and then also in an earlier answer, but I'll just quickly cover it again given the scale. And that's the impact that COVID therapies could have. So that really impacts the range. And again, it was a $0.30 of benefit in fiscal year '21 and $0.14 of that came in the first quarter of fiscal year '21, and we're expecting that the benefit will be significantly less in fiscal year '22. But Steve talked about some of the innovation that's occurring, it could be higher. And so that's something that certainly could impact the range, and that would be one of the larger things.  And then, of course, there's always a number of moving pieces in our businesses. We have very strong performing businesses, but they're moving pieces within the businesses in terms of growth rates. And then there's sorts of things that I've also mentioned, like some higher labor and transportation costs and how those trend. And so those are some of the things that impact us within the range. But I do want to say that we have a lot of confidence in the business, and we are expecting continued strong performance across the business because of our differentiated physician and our strength, both within Pharmaceutical Distribution and Manufacturer solutions. 
Steven Collis: We're entering '22 with all of our businesses performing very well, Lisa, and benefiting from a somewhat normal environment, but it is the innovation factor that remains. And I saw that the Merck [indiscernible], while we're on the call, the Merck got approved in the U.K., an oral. So continued innovation and it's possible that we could be working with some therapies in the future, as we have in the past, particularly in the emergency use authorization phase is where we've been successful in working on an exclusive basis. So we're happy and very -- if I look back on '21, I think of it is a year that the last deal got done and the year that we responded so well to assisting with the need for corresponding to the COVID pandemic and including keeping our people safe. So that's what I think would be the highlights. But Jim, I think you gave an exhaustive answer. So we'll probably move on to the next question, please. 
Steven Collis: Yes. Thank you for the question. So U.S. is -- I think somewhat over fixated on the cost of medications relative to overall health care spending. We've been very interested in benefit design, and we also prefer when the market creates their own solutions for problems, such as high copays for adherence products that are so detrimental to the system when a diabetic patient doesn't take the insulin. So we see some real strong benefits if we can remove some barriers that have been officially created on products like that.  On specialty, it's a little bit too early to tell. I think we've been through many changes in reimbursement, including the change to ASP, a tremendous growth in the hospital outpatient market for specialty drugs. And the wholesalers are very resilient, and we also do believe that [indiscernible] understand the health care, pharmaceuticals are the most efficient form of health care. So there's nothing that tremendously concerns us as a business. Our concern is always with preserving innovation and making sure that our providers have a stable reimbursement environment that they can get, continue to run their businesses and take care of patients. But definitely, I think we spend a lot of time, and I'm not very interested in. Thanks for the question. 
Steven Collis: Yes. Thank you. We're tremendously proud of the benefits we're getting from the recently announced Alliance transaction, including that we have a contract with Boots, who's become a very significant customer with -- of our Alliance division through 2031. And most importantly, we extended our Walgreens contract in the U.S. through 2029. And this is such a fundamental customer for us that helps us establish such a strong base of scale and efficiency.  And I think the teams are at a very good state where we're looking to how can we help with one and other priorities. We have these discussions with all our large customers and the need for the very large customers like Walgreens are very different than say, the independent veterinarians, the community pharmacists. But yes, for example, we're supporting WBA with their central fill initiatives, and we're looking to understand better how we can help with their strategies on the institutional side. So I just would say that the relationship is in a good place, and we still go back to that 2013 agreement as being very fundamental to the success of AmerisourceBergen over the last decade. 
Steven Collis: Thank you, operator. It's truly been an honor to spend this hour with you, highlighting a very successful 2021, which the management team is extremely proud of. We're also really proud of and appreciate of the tremendous efforts of our associates. We enter fiscal year '22 with all of our businesses performing well, and we look forward to building on the success and momentum in fiscal year '22. Thank you. 
