Paul Szurek: Colby, thanks for the questions. As it relates to our capital structure, I think we're tracking consistent with our strategy as you can see from our portfolio and the activities that we have ongoing, we have some very good opportunities to deploy capital in our markets. I think we are very careful and thoughtful with our dividend strategy. We announced that later on in this quarter but I think that you won't see us do anything with our balance sheet that is inconsistent with our historical practice.
Paul Szurek: We as you look across our market and you see in the supplemental we have significant capacity within our existing portfolio to expand not counting the new acquisition in Reston; we can expand within our existing footprint approximately 50% in terms of occupied data center space. Including the Reston land which we expect to close in the next couple of weeks that increases to about 76%. We do have some markets as I mentioned where we see our supply lasting for up to two years and in those markets we will continue to look for opportunities to expand beyond the that two-year period. I hope that helps with your question.
Paul Szurek: Jordan, we are very comfortable. The strategy that we have been deploying and following of having scale in major markets with diverse drivers, data center demand, coupled with our teams ability to execute and meet the requirements of those customers and the effectiveness of our go-to-market team that Steve leads has generated very good results so far and we're optimistic about what it means going forward. We're in very good markets with the right product we are able to meet both retail co-location demand and the needs of those customers that need to scale in those markets, and is driven by that the population and the enterprise strength and the numbers in growth of both the universe of enterprises and growth within enterprises in those markets. And the leasing results for the quarter were really strong, forward-looking. We've got a great base to build from this quarter as Jeff mentioned we've got $29.4 million of lease revenues commencing in this quarter. We just finished SV7 and demand for the remaining space there seems very strong in that market. And in our other markets we continue to see very good strength and we gave you a good overview where we are with those. So I think the strategy of being in the right markets and having the scale to be meaningful and relevant to those -- to customers in those markets and having the ability to meet their needs is continuing to work and we'll continue to work.
Paul Szurek: I don't think we need that to be successful as a company. I think being in the right U.S. markets with the right scale and the right ability to produce is sufficient to be a very strong company for many, many years to come.
Paul Szurek: Well I think the way that we're planning out the new addition of the Reston campus is based on a long-term view of the most efficient way to build and deliver power and give us advantages in leasing where cost and distribution of power and cooling are very important. And that's the reason why we're at including this 92,000 square foot infrastructure building at the beginning of the project. We have to get that in place at the front end. We do see very good demand in that market. As you know we will get some leasing in place before we start commencement -- before we commence construction of this project and we're optimistic about that.
Paul Szurek: It's -- this happened in the data center business deployment people sign up for data center space for specific deployments frequently not all the time and when those deployments reach their end of life unless there is another purpose for that customer to use that space they move on and that's part of the churn that we have, we have periodically throughout our portfolio and more often than not and I think as Steve mentioned in this case, we see as presenting opportunities as supposed to problems.
Paul Szurek: Thanks, John. As it relates to SV7 you are right there was a slight delay there I suspect that is the primary driver of a -- the miss on the consensus. Two reasons for that delay the best and good reason was that we had a significant change and scope due to extensive pre-leasing, so we had to change the construction plan in mid course which is hard to do without some delay. There was one also one municipal issue that we work through and that caused a couple weeks delay itself. So those were the reasons. Really pleased with that building I hope you have chance to come out and tour it sometime in the not too distant future.
Paul Szurek: Good thanks for that endorsement. VA3 the source of the tenant for that will be a combination of spillover demand from tenants in our existing Virginia campus along with new tenants of various sizes and we will have space where we will continue to be able to push our core retail co-location business in that part of the campus. As it relates to Chicago a very good market for us. We've continued to grow in that space. We have some additional capacity to grow there. Beyond that we tend to not to get too much into future plans in specific markets and I think we're going to stick with that but we do like that market and it's a good market. In terms of the cross connection I'm going to turn that over to Jeff and Steve and let them give you the specifics regarding the dynamics there.
Paul Szurek: Well the numbers we give you in terms of the backlog that $29.4 million that is all rental revenue. So annualize that and take, I'm sorry that's an annualized amount, so just take a pro rate share for the last two of -- two months out of that quarter. Obviously to the extent they do deploy and get their gearing, there will be some incremental revenue associated with power draws on those deployments. Most of that is a metered model and so you will see some revenue associated with that but most of that power revenue won't be dropped into the bottom-line.
Paul Szurek: Jordan, as of latter, we kind of typically expressed a target of a exceeding 12% return on cost on an adjusted EBITDA basis once we get to stabilization of assets. We tended to better than that but that's our target. In terms of the tenant mix I think you will see a mix very similar to what you're seeing throughout our major markets both in California and Chicago and Northern Virginia and that will be primarily driven by smaller deployments and retail co-location overtime but it will include a fair amount of leasing to customers that have the need to scale and is driven by all the demand factors in that market and as you know that is a fantastic market for data center demand both in terms of volume and in terms of the diversity of the demand.
Paul Szurek: Three or four 500 yards down the street will be connected by diverse redundant fiber and so we'll essentially be the same campuses what we currently have.
Paul Szurek: Thank you for listening to us this quarter and thanks for all those questions. As you can see we are fortunate to enjoy some very supportive elements going forward, a healthy market, a strongly performing team, a great new asset that's just come online, and a very strong volume of new leases and revenues. We really look forward to continuing to execute well on behalf of our customers and our shareholders and we look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Thanks very much and have a great day.
Jeff Finnin: Colby, let me just add a little bit of commentary on that as you think about our leverage obviously we've given you visibility the on CapEx through the end of this year and obviously we'll give you more visibility as it relates to 2017 in February. But the biggest lever they get told associated with that ultimate leverage is the pace in which we deploy capital. We'll obviously give you more visibility into that in our February call. On to the next one which relate to expansion in land bank.
Jeff Finnin: Hi Frank I think it's a little bit choppy but I think you're asking about our 12.5% volume growth on cross connects, it is that accurate? I will assume it is. As it relates to the quarter we did have volume growth of 12.5%. Our overall revenue growth Q3 over the Q3 of the previous year were 17.3%. If you look at where we've been historically, if you take full year of 2015 over 2014 that volume growth was 12.9%. So that the volume growth we had this quarter is consistent with where it was full year 2015 over 2014 and that growth in the third quarter is lower than what it was in Q1 and Q2 of this year but the first half of this year we had, I think outperformed based upon where we thought it was going to be. So how much longer does it have to go? We hope for a while but a lot of that is dependent upon Steve and his team are continuing to attract and address those deployments to drive that cross connect entity which obviously relates back to the strategy Paul alluded to earlier.
Jeff Finnin: Yes, if we did have some of the some repair and maintenance expense during the quarter related to a couple items we had to care of. If you just look at some of the disclosures in our supplemental you can see was up about $700,000 or about 25% over the trailing 12-months so that largely contributed to some of that. In addition you also get in that third quarter you get typically get a little bit higher power expense because it's got the seasonality in the rates in the third quarter.
Steve Smith: Hey, Colby one more thing to think about as you look at our land bank, we have provided some information, it's not in our supplemental but it is on our Investor Presentation it's on our website and we'll put in the updated information here soon before we head on the road to NAREIT and other conferences. But it does give you a very good idea based on the pace of our absorption over the last two or four years by market expected how much remaining capacity we have in each of those marketplaces. It's a very good reference point as you think about our expansion as we move forward by market.
Steve Smith: And Manny, this is Steve. I will just add little bit of color there relative to the customer we've been working with them for quite some time and been a good customer over time but as they've matured and we've matured, we have seen opportunity to improve our situation and based off the market conditions and potentially improve our economics on that space and they also have all their alternatives as well. So it's no surprise, something we've been working at over time and we think it's in the best interest of both parties.
Steve Smith: Yes I really can't get into the specifics around current leases or future leasing but we're optimistic on the outcome.
Steve Smith: I think you said it well Jeff and while we had just come out of commencements and we had strong sales results for the last quarter as well as the prior quarter but really opening up SV7 and getting those leases commenced as well and some other leases is really what's attributing to the difference.
Steve Smith: And Frank if I'm not sure if you dropped or not but I think part of your question was related to Cloud, cross connect growth and 50% is that sustainable? I think that depends well and a couple of factors are playing into that. One is that from a overall cloud maturity perspective that market is still fairly early in the innings. So we're seeing strong growth there and we're also seeing it on a fairly low number, so as that number gets bigger maintaining that growth rate gets more challenging. However we are seeing pretty significant growth overall in the cloud space as you've seen across the market and we're encouraged with the growth in that setting. So early innings but we're optimistic and we don't see diminishing in the near-term.
