Barbara Brungess: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to AmerisourceBergen's earnings conference call covering our fiscal 2012 second quarter results. I am Barbara Brungess, Vice President of Corporate and Investor Relations, and joining me today are Steve Collis, AmerisourceBergen's President and CEO; and Tim Guttman, Vice President, Controller and acting CFO. During the call today, we will make some forward-looking statements about our business prospects and financial expectations. We remind you that there are many risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. For a discussion of some key risk factors, we refer you to our SEC filings, including our 10-K report for fiscal 2011. Also, AmerisourceBergen assumes no obligation to update the matters discussed in this conference call, and this call cannot be rebroadcast without the expressed permission of the company. As always, those connected by telephone will have an opportunity to ask questions after our opening remarks. Now here is Steve Collis to begin our comments. 
Barbara Brungess: . Thank you, Tim. Operator, we'll now open the call to questions. [Operator Instructions] Go ahead, operator. 
Barbara Brungess: Thanks, Steve, and before we go, I'd just like to quickly highlight our upcoming events. On May 17, we'll be presenting at the Bank of America Merrill Lynch 2012 Health Care Conference in Las Vegas. And on June 6, we will be presenting at the Goldman Sachs 33rd Annual Global Healthcare Conference. That concludes our call for today. And now I will turn it back to the operator. 
Tim Guttman: No, we changed our guidance to high single-digit. In terms of looking out, we did an assessment of the full year, and looking out, we had some deal costs in Q2 and some onetime items, nonrecurring items. And as we look out, we're going to have some similar costs in Q3 with the World Courier transaction. So when we look out and do a reassessment, we felt more comfortable that high single-digit was a realistic target for us for the year, and there's really nothing else factored into that. 
Tim Guttman: Glen, no. We will have some transaction-related acquisition costs in Q3. Probably not more than the number that we had for Q2. And there is no accretion in our numbers for this fiscal year. We expect it to be neutral. And in terms of next year, for fiscal '13, we're still confident with that guidance of $0.06 to $0.10. 
Tim Guttman: Yes. Larry, our guidance has been that we'll see some benefit for SAP next year, 6 months after our last DC deployment, so we expect that to be in Q4, and we've guided to $10 million. And we expect the full benefit of about $40 million to be in '14. And so far, the benefit that we've had this year for SAP is really incremental for that. I mean, this is just expense that we've been able to take out of our operating budget, which has probably been a few million dollars. So again, they're separate. One's not a part of the other. 
Tim Guttman: And we, in our public company filings, we feel we give pretty good disclosure on some of those differences, especially around intangibles. And the reader of those documents can go ahead and do that calculation. 
Tim Guttman: Good question. No, we -- when we look at maintenance CapEx, we think it's typically between about $100 million and $120 million. We have some big projects this year supporting our expansion up in Canada. We're looking at another DC project in the U.S. in terms of expansion, automation, renovation and our TheraCom acquisition. So I would say that the $200 million is probably a peak, and it definitely should come down next year. Probably about half of the maintenance CapEx is probably a good -- kind of a good range. 
Tim Guttman: We, at this point, Ricky, we don't have World Courier finished yet, completed. But definitely with World Courier coming in 2 months in quarter 3 and we'll have them for the entire Q4, they will add extra expense. When I gave the guidance today this morning, again, I was talking about the core business being flat. For the core business, we will see a little bit of a step up in 3, but probably not dramatic. And again, we will have some nonrecurring acquisition-related cost in Q3, probably not in Q4. 
Tim Guttman: Well again, we commented that we had about $11 million of SG&A expense in the quarter from our acquisitions, primarily TheraCom. So again, it's probably 4, 3, 4 basis points. 
Tim Guttman: In terms of -- and when I speak of LIFO, just let me say that we look at our portfolio of drugs which -- in our mix and in terms of brand, last year we had pretty healthy price increases for brands, slightly above 8%. This year, we're tracking slightly below 8% again for our mix of inventory. So a little bit different, a little bit lower. But on the generic side, we really expect that we'll see some deflation, second half of the year, especially on Lipitor and Zyprexa, the generics when they come off exclusivity, which will help and give us a LIFO benefit. In terms of your second question about suppliers. I mean, last year we also had pretty good price appreciation on the generic side. It's still pretty good, but that's probably off a little bit this year, it's softened a little bit this year, but still pretty healthy. 
Tim Guttman: Sure, David. I mean, when we looked at the year, I mean, we knew and we guided that Q2 and Q3 would be very tough comparisons, I mean, we knew it going into the year. And we put word out through our businesses to really manage expenses this year. And we knew we had to focus in this area. So I mean, we looked hard at managing labor and payroll expense. We looked at outside consulting and services and then this year, too, we've had some good discipline and credit collections, and our bad debts are down. So really, it's all of our businesses focusing on headcount, on making sure they spend money prudently, and that's going to carry forward into quarters 3 and 4. 
Tim Guttman: Well, in terms of your question, the $35 million, no, I don't think the  all-in -- I mean, we should be under that number. So hopefully that helps you in terms of some guidance but, again, we think we're managing expenses well. We also had the benefit this quarter and we'll have for the rest of the year in terms of SAP being stable, and we're seeing the benefits there. So all in all, I mean, I think what we're saying here is that expense management is offsetting the increases from the special charges and the nonrecurring charges. 
Tim Guttman: Yes, definitely. Like, David, in my comments, I've mentioned that we've really focused on working capital. All of our businesses are focused on it. Managing AR, managing inventories. So we are seeing some really good reductions in those areas, especially at our ABSG businesses. 
Steven Collis: First of all, obviously, we are part of a very active process here and we want to be very respectful of that and some of the questions should really be directed to the buyer. But I think ABC, as you know, has been very proud of over 2 decades of service to Medco and now, you could almost say we are the incumbent here because we've had such a long relationship. So we wanted to demonstrate flexibility. We wanted to recognize that this is a new entity that has their own requirements and will have a different dynamics to relationship. And now it just made sense for us to be concurrent with the current requirements. So we demonstrated flexibility. We demonstrated that ABC is a good partner and listens to our customers and I think that, that will hopefully put us in a good position throughout the contracting process, but it will be competitive. And, I guess, the only internal benefit I can point to is that this is concurrent with our fiscal year, and whatever happens, we'll be in a good position to plan for it and to communicate that to our investors. 
Steven Collis: Well, I think, in terms of processing, there's not much differentiation between s $10 billion contract, or a $15 billion, or $20 billion contract, it's just that, that is the way these large contracts tend to go. And there could be some geographical, regional benefit, based on where they're planning to have their large mail-order sites, there could be a way to separate the specialty business with the core mail-order business. So we have 2 big specialty units so -- but again, these are questions that we probably are not that comfortable commenting on and could probably be best be directed to Express Scripts, sir. 
Steven Collis: No, we haven't. We lack -- we think we report not only good earnings, but very high quality earnings and, at the moment, that hasn't been under consideration. 
Steven Collis: Well there's a couple of things. First of all, again, we do $300 million in revenue a day, as ABC, but one of the things we've been very, very happy with is our specialty performance in Canada. This is -- this market works differently than it does in the U.S., but we've been able to do some joint programs, we've been able to help with a more complex reimbursement environment there, including a pretty robust product market that we -- that is not generally known. At least here, in the U.S., we think about it as single-payer market, that hasn't been the case. We've been able to help, we have a very strong presence with new infusible drugs. So what we've seen is a manufacturer environment that ABC is very comfortable in contracting with, that is looking for us to get into more countries. So we've been prompted to look at international opportunities by manufacturers. Then comes World Courier, we're in 50 new countries as of next week, hopefully. We have 1,500 associates that are very tenured. We've been extremely impressed with the quality of the World Courier associates. As you know, health care is very local. So we think that we have an opportunity to understand health care markets, both organic and acquisitive opportunities, with people on the ground there who speak the language and know the trends, know who's the right players, the ethical players, the high quality players in that environment. And we think that, that's going to give us a good opportunity. We also think that as the products that World Courier is managing are commercialized, as more and more of those products are commercialized and come to market as -- middle class is growing in some countries that we haven't traditionally thought about as being big [indiscernible] sort of -- and especially consumers of products, we think we're going to have an opportunity to participate in those commercialization strategies. Think about it, World Courier has handled those products, they know the treatment centers, they know the environment. So we think that we have to recharacterize part of the business, but we think we can do that, so long answer, but as you can tell, I'm very enthusiastic about this. 
Steven Collis: I think, we partly said, Bob, I appreciate your interest in this and, believe you me, I am really interested in this and the ABC team is very interested in this. We're just participating fully in the RFP process, it has just begun. So I could tell you we really don't -- we think it's in the range of about a $20 billion contract. So I will tell you that Medco peaked with ABC at about 19% of our revenues in fiscal year 2011, and it's come off a few percent from that, and our current run rate is more in the mid-teens, 16% range. So we could potentially gain some couple billion dollars in new revenue here. 
Steven Collis: Well, we're mainly servicing the current business out of 3 DCs, and we certainly would start giving consideration to what it could mean if we lose. But from a more exciting basis, I think we do have the capacity to service this business without much incremental investment. And we look forward to talking about the different capabilities that ABC brings to the table. And we're participating fully in this contract. 
Steven Collis: No, I just think you know -- I think you know -- you cover Express Scripts. You know they move quickly, so that's all I can tell you. They don't let the grass grow under their feet. So we expect them to have a very active and quick and decisive process unlike this other very public contract that we went through very recently. So that should make everyone happy, at least, we'd all know where we stand very quickly. We believe so. 
Steven Collis: We are both the wholesaler to the former Accredo division, the Accredo division of Medco, and now will be Express Scripts. And we have, obviously, worked very collaboratively with them in many areas including the hospital, pharmacy area and the specialty area. So I can't -- I'm not comfortable pointing to any particular program, but certainly as our largest customer, we spend a lot of time working on common approaches to the marketplace, and we would expect to bring that expertise and that market knowledge and the manufacturer relationships that we have to the combined entity now. 
Steven Collis: Well with health systems, we think we have a market share that is, at least comparable, maybe even the largest in the U.S. We believe we're with the right customers, we believe that we're growing with them. We believe that we have some nice little services that we provide that maybe don't get the headlines, but they are additive to their business, like helping them with 340B consulting, helping them with price pharmacy. So we have a very good practice in health systems, and we believe we're with the companies that are the leaders in that space, and I think some of our customers are there. Likewise with alternate care, I think ABC has been a leader there. Certainly our knowledge of specialty and our ability to offer an integrated solution on the specialty and drug wholesale side and our knowledge of the manufacturing environment and the patient environment and the reimbursement environment has been very, very helpful. And the Humana contract, we think ,was a direct result of that knowledge, and that's a very fast grower. We're with a lot of the companies that are growing faster than the market and when we discuss potential RFP responses, we look at who do we think will be the winners in a certain space, and we like to really target them and try to get them into the ABC portfolio. So I think you could look at it as it's not a matter of happenstance, it's a matter of strategically planning the accounts that we believe will be winners in the space. 
Steven Collis: I think we can maybe look at that and invest it out.  I think we've done some of that in the past. But we don't have a framework that we can share right now. 
Steven Collis: Well, our strategy with the large payers is really to help them understand how important community oncology is. We believe that it's not only important from a clinical perspective, but we believe that the patient is best served being in the community, and even the payer is best served by those patients being in the community. So our big effort over there is really to help bring the 2 sides together. We have taken a lot of effort at ION, our physician services company, primarily focused on oncology, to help the 2 sides communicate better, have a transparent relationship. And we don't anticipate having a direct relationship with the payer, but we intend to help our customers contract more effectively and more transparently with the payers, and I think we're making a lot of progress there. 
Steven Collis: I was actually at a NACDS conference, and I heard one political pundit speak about the election, and they said incumbency is a 4-point advantage, so I was just trying to get that incumbent advantage in there. But that's just my view, I mean, I don't know if anyone else has that view. We did, of course, do more business with Medco than the current wholesaler did with ESR so, you could look at it as an incumbency but, I think, that's just really my view, but we are pleased that this has been decided relatively early in the process. That's very helpful from a planning perspective and, again, it's helped us have a very quick and interesting discussion with ESR. So we think that it's a positive for the industry and we think that, potentially, it could be positive for AmerisourceBergen. 
Steven Collis: We know that it's a very busy day, so we really do appreciate everyone's interest and attention with AmerisourceBergen. I would like to commend my colleague and our acting CFO, Tim Guttman, for his leadership and contribution during this transition period. As you could see, Tim's really done a great job. So to wrap up, ABC thinks this is a really good quarter for us and especially given our tough comps, and we are proud to report good momentum on all fronts at this halfway point in our fiscal year 2012. Thank you again for your attention. 
