Barbara Brungess: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to AmerisourceBergen's earnings conference call covering our fiscal 2012 first quarter results. I'm Barbara Brungess, Vice President of Corporate and Investor Relations. And joining me today are Steve Collis, AmerisourceBergen President and CEO; and Mike Dicandilo, Executive Vice President and CFO. During the conference call today, we will make some forward-looking statements about our business prospects and financial expectations. We remind you that there are many risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. For a discussion of some key risk factors, we refer you to our SEC filings, including our 10-K report for fiscal 2011. Also, AmerisourceBergen assumes no obligation to update the matters discussed in this conference call, and this call cannot be rebroadcast without the expressed permission of the company. As always, those connected by phone will have an opportunity to ask questions after our opening remarks. Now here is Steve Collis to begin our comments. 
Barbara Brungess: Thank you, Mike. We will now open the call to questions. [Operator Instructions] Please go ahead, Cara. 
Barbara Brungess: Thanks, Steven. Before we go, I'll just highlight a couple of our upcoming events. On February 8, we'll be attending the UBS Healthcare Conference in New York. On February 28, we'll be attending the Citi Healthcare Conference, also in New York. And finally on March 14, we'll be attending the Barclays Healthcare Conference in Miami. So thank you, all, very much for joining us today. 
Michael Dicandilo: No, Steve. I think you said it well. The atmosphere is always competitive but stable as you mentioned. 
Michael Dicandilo: Well, let me -- I'll start with the cost of the acquisitions. I think we highlighted on the face of the P&L that we had $3.6 million of transaction costs related to closing the deal that we did in this quarter, the TheraCom deal. In addition, we obviously have an ongoing operating cost from all 3 of the companies we've acquired in the last few months that are incremental to last year's first quarter. And as I mentioned, they're included in our normal SG&A. And if you took out the normal run -- the ongoing operating costs, our year-over-year SG&A would have been down. So I think that speaks well to the rest of our business and the continued impact of our productivity efforts throughout the company and our continued focus on keeping our costs down. 
Michael Dicandilo: First off, let me just clarify, we've got $380 million remaining on our current authorization. And obviously, our guidance for the year is $400 million of share repurchases. And I think you can look back to our historical performance to understand how we might deploy additional capital for repurchases. If we don't make any other larger strategic moves, we certainly have the capacity to increase the share repurchase. And once again, we've shown that we would do that, similar to what we did last year if that's how the year progresses and we continue to meet our cash forecast. So we're in a very good position. 
Michael Dicandilo: No, and they've been good, Eric. We're up year-over-year despite the completion of the Longs/CVS contract last quarter, which I think is an indication of strength in the top line force. 
Michael Dicandilo: Yes, A.J., this is Mike. I'll give a go at it and I'll let Steve add any additional comments. But when we got the additional information from the VA, it essentially clarified that there is a small part of purchases approximately 3% that were off contract and clarified that fact and asked us to rebid based upon that new information. I would go back to what we said, when we bid this contract back in June, we considered that to be our last and final bid. We took it very seriously. We considered the new information. We made the appropriate modifications, but it did not change our bid material from what we had done at the end of June. Should we get the VA contract? Yes, we think it would add right away. I think our expectations, it's a several billion dollar contract. There's not many of those out there. And typically, the largest contracts in our industry get the best price. And I would expect this to be similar and have the appropriate contribution for a large contract. 
Michael Dicandilo: Yes. The LIFO charge as expected, Charles, to be significantly below what it was last year and really 2 reasons. Last year was actually much higher than we expected because of how high the brand price appreciation was. And again our expectation is it's still going to be strong this year but may moderate a little bit versus last year on the brand side. But certainly, with all the new generic introductions and 34 launches, there's going to be a big impact on the generic price deflation this year from products coming off exclusivity. And that has led to lower overall expectation of what a LIFO charge is going to be. And that's really starting in the beginning of the year and will be pretty consistent the rest of the year as a lot of the launches are pretty well spaced throughout the year. And we'll continue to have launches next quarter and all the way through to the end of the year. 
Michael Dicandilo: Yes. Yes, very much in line. And again, it's a $15 million annual expectation. We're always a little bit higher in the second quarter because that's where a lot of the brand inflation occurs. But otherwise, very much as we expected. 
Michael Dicandilo: Yes, some of that sequential change, Ricky, has to do obviously with our largest customer who only buys brand-name drugs from us and there's more products, though generic, their revs will moderate some over the rest of the year. 
Michael Dicandilo: Ricky, I don't think we went -- get into a quarter by quantification of the impact of the new generics. And obviously, what happened last year has an impact as well the year-over-year impact. I think again our guidance for the year's, we expect that the cumulative impact of the 34 launches will offset the decline on the specialty generics side. From a specialty generic perspective, we had about a $0.06 benefit in the first quarter of last year. And this year was pretty similar down about $0.005 or so. Those comparisons will get more difficult the next couple of quarters as they were very big quarters here for Specialty. But I think the beneficial impact of the oral solids will also increase in those next couple of quarters as well. So we really haven't changed our viewpoint on the year about the offset on the oral solid side to the headwind on the specialty generic side. 
Michael Dicandilo: Again, Ricky, I don't want to get into the quantification. I think we gave a pretty good view at Investor Day that the top 2 players were a significant part of the year, in the 40% range, I believe we gave. And I think that's the best quantification that we want to get into at this time. 
Michael Dicandilo: No, I'd say, again we do not -- let me make clear, we do not give quarterly guidance. And directionally, the March quarter has always been our strongest quarter because of the timing and the impact of manufacturer, our brand price increases and the impact that has on some of our fee-for-service agreements, that trend is -- continues to be our expectation this year. Certainly, the second quarter is a big quarter for the oral solid generics as well. Keep in mind, the first quarter, we only had a month of the Lipitor, 2 months of the Zyprexa generics. In the second quarter, we have a full quarter benefit from those plus some new introductions. So certainly, we think the year-over-year benefit from oral solids is going to increase in the next quarter from the first quarter. So the trending, I think is, again, very similar to where it's been historically. The second quarter continues to be our peak. The number of suppliers that come on board after the exclusionary period for Lipitor can impact our numbers somewhat. But again, we're expecting a handful of people there, and we're expecting a pretty significant price drop after exclusivity is over. As far as the 70:30, that's in line with our expectations. If it's a little bit more generic, it helps us. It helps us. But again, I think the historical trending, as far as quarterly progression is still intact, and as I've mentioned, we've got tough comparisons of 2 and 3 on the specialty side, but good performance on the oral solid side. And the fourth quarter continues to be our easiest comparison. 
Michael Dicandilo: It's included in the $0.14 to $0.15. But as you said, it's only a little bit more than a month of inclusion in our fiscal '12. But it is in there. 
Michael Dicandilo: No, I think that's right. I mean, most of that impact is on the gross profit side. Our expense to serve is very low in that contract as it is with high-volume concentrated location type customers as Steve mentioned. 
Steven Collis: Well, Tom, generic Lovenox, we have done very well with that. It's part of our pro-generics offering and we already have had expectations that there would be competition in the marketplace. And that's built into our expectations. 
Steven Collis: Yes. And on the 2 big generic launches in the quarter, I mean, we had said on our Investor Day which we really were into the very big one -- the prominent one, we were only about a week or so into it that conversion rates were slightly lower than expected, but it settled down around about that 70% level, which is a little bit less than you'd expect. But it's definitely trending in the right direction. And Zyprexa's right around where we expected it, around 80%. And we performed very much at expectations for both of them with the exception of the Lipitor, which we discussed at Investor Day, but which we now feel is back on track as we sit at the end of January. 
Steven Collis: Yes, this is -- Lipitor was as we said a lot, is really a unique product. I mean, first of all, just the size of it, just the prominence of it. And we think that it's also uniquely a mail-ordered drug. So Pfizer was able to contract with large purchases of the product directly. We think that this is an unusual situation. We don't think it's been particularly successful. And we don't -- we have not changed any of our plans for any other generic launches this year. And as I said, we feel very reassured by the fact that the conversion rate is now approaching 70% and looks like it could go up from there. 
Steven Collis: Well, you raise a good question. I understand -- I think I understand what you're getting at. First of all, let me distinguish that our Specialty Distribution business is really dealing with physicians who administer products in their office. And there's been numerous articles, there's no doubt that AmerisourceBergen Specialty Group is the leading company in that area. And we're very, very successful there. In our drug company, we do have, within our ultimate side segment, several large companies that are involved with specialty products more on the mail-order side and on the patient delivery side. And we definitely have expertise in servicing those customers. So overall, AmerisourceBergen really services a huge part of the specialty industry, and we expect that to continue. So I hope that's helpful. I think both aspects of the Specialty Distribution are important to our company, important to manufacturers and important to the patients. 
Steven Collis: No, I mean obviously, generics are becoming more and more important. They're a bigger part of the prescriptions that the patients get in the U.S. every day, and that's certainly what we expected. But we really haven't seen any different shifts. I mean, we believe that our ProGen formerly and our overall generic offering offers the best everyday value to our customers. And we continue to work very hard at keeping that to be the case. And I think our customers appreciate it, Eric. 
Steven Collis: I think we had some mix. I mean, the big customers grew pretty well in the quarter. But our hospital business is -- we believe we have good market share there. And really nothing extraordinary that happened, I mean, just good solid demand for our products. 
Steven Collis: Revenues came in very close to what we're expecting. I mean, maybe slightly ahead of expectations. But very close to what we were expecting. 
Steven Collis: This discussion has been around for several years and I think it's just really -- it's why our offering is so important. I mean, you look at why we acquired IntrinsiQ and you look at the investments we make in our ION business, our physician services company. We really want to enhance the dialogue between managed care companies and our community oncologists then. Our strategy is not to be a principal in those negotiations, but really to assist our customers so they have the information available and they have the sort of data that managed care companies are looking at. And we think are definitely enhancing that dialogue. It's not -- we're stopping that trend. I think as we sit here today -- I was in D.C. last week and often obviously with some of our large oncology practices, people are starting to recognize us. It's very important to keep cancer care in the community setting, not only from a patient point of view, clinical point of view, but also from an economic point of view. And that's obviously a trend that AmerisourceBergen supports and a big part of what our Specialty Group practice -- is able to demonstrate everyday. 
Steven Collis: No. And again, we've had that SP formerly -- for over 6 years now. So I think our practitioners are used to it. Everything as we said in the release, everything went very well in our oncology business this quarter. 
Steven Collis: I think, A.J., you talked about really our old site? That maybe my accent. That's really our nonhospital institutional business, our mail-order, skilled nursing facility, institutional pharmacy, et cetera. And we did have good revenue trends in that sector. And we have a couple of new customer wins there, particularly we've talked about the Humana contract where we had good revenue performance. 
Steven Collis: Yes. Yes, you could say new business. But just good high-growth sector. I mean, benefiting from favorable demographics. 
Steven Collis: No, I think everyone understands that it's a very, very different contract. The way it works, it's very unique both as in the DOD and it doesn't really come up. 
Steven Collis: Well, I think obviously, with the smaller customers, we have different services. But in the larger customers, I think we've proven time and again that our relationship to our largest customer is very valuable to them. We were happy to receive the VIP award the last 2 years in a row. And I think we can do different services especially around logistics, cash flow, joint negotiations, even look at some generic lines with large customers. I think there's lots of opportunities in the industry to work together. And then, of course, I just -- I'd be remiss if I didn't mention our specialty franchise, which I think is of great interest to almost anybody in the healthcare space. Specialty is really where the innovation, action's going to be in the years ahead. And definitely our expertise, our physician connectivity, our understanding of the trends there, some of the contracting we do with manufacturers is definitely of interest to all large participants from mail-order to retail to hospital, et cetera. 
Steven Collis: Well, I think CuraScript does have the physician distribution business. They also have, I believe, a large amount of order specialty pharmacy business. But nothing extraordinary. We work with all channel participants. We do have some business relationships already with Express Scripts. And obviously, we think that there will be a subject for discussion should the merger be approved. 
Steven Collis: Yes. Thank you, everyone, for your interest and for joining the call today. We -- Mark and Barbara and I certainly do enjoy the exchanges. Our take away message that you should all receive from ABC today is that we're off to a solid start with our results for this first quarter. And we are well-positioned to meet our objectives for the year. And we also hope to see you at one of the upcoming conferences that we'll be presenting at. Thanks for your attention. 
