Jim Cleary: Yes. And so let me talk about inflation overall. And then let me talk about what we’re seeing with regard to inflation in Europe, Ricky. And so we are seeing higher labor and transportation costs. And let me say that they were embedded in our guidance. So they were included in our guidance, and they’re also included in our last couple of quarters’ actual results. One thing about AmerisourceBergen overall – and we certainly are impacted by higher labor and transportation costs, but less so than most businesses. Pharmaceuticals, as you know, are very value dense, which mitigates freight costs, and then our distribution centers are highly automated, which mitigates labor costs. As we look at some of our businesses, and I’ll use MWI, as an example, and MWI is performing very well and it has very good results. But it’s a little bit more impacted by inflation because it has a broader array of products, including med-surg and nutritional supplements and less automation in the distribution centers. But overall, inflation, it’s included in our guidance, and we’re managing through it very well. We are seeing inflation also in the Alliance business and there are higher labor and freight costs there also. And Alliance is really fully offsetting that by the important work that we’re doing there on COVID therapies, which is benefiting Alliance from an operating income standpoint.
Jim Cleary: Yes, sure. I’ll comment a little bit about it from the financial perspective. And as we indicated in our prepared remarks, the guidance raise is related to updated outlook for COVID therapy contribution. And in particular, within U.S. Healthcare Solutions, we increased the operating income guidance by $50 million at both the low end and the high end of the range, and that’s due to higher COVID-19 therapy sales than we had originally expected. In our initial guidance that we put out a few months ago, COVID therapies were expected to be a headwind to maybe breakeven at the top end of the range, but now we expect them to be a tailwind for fiscal year 2022. And you asked about the different products including the oral pills. And I think one thing that is important to note is you guys do your modeling that the therapy contribution includes both the commercial products that we own and we recognize revenue line and the government-owned therapies that are authorized under emergency use authorizations where we don’t own the product, and we earn a fee. And so COVID therapies, we’re expecting to be a tailwind in the fiscal year from an operating income standpoint. But as you do your modeling, there will be headwind from a revenue standpoint. And I think one thing I’d really like to finish with because there will be a lot of questions on COVID therapies as they are a reason for are increasing our guidance. But overall, the business, even without COVID therapies, is performing as expected with really good outlook, strong fundamentals and continued execution. So, we have a high degree of confidence in our businesses and the way that they’re executing now, Eric.
Jim Cleary: Well, it’s tough to follow up, Steve, on specialty since he founded that part of our business. But I’ll just say quickly and generally from a financial standpoint, specialty physician services is performing as expected, which is really good because we had high expectations, and we’re seeing very good trends in the business and continue to see good financial trends with biosimilars. 
Jim Cleary: Yes. Let me provide some more information there that I think will be helpful. And I think we’ve had a high degree of transparency with regard to impact of the COVID therapies on our bottom line, and we’ll plan to continue to do that. So last year, we – the contribution to the bottom line from COVID therapies was $0.30, and we kind of indicated on a quarterly basis, it was $0.14 in the first quarter, $0.07 in the second quarter, $0.03 in the third and $0.06 in the fourth quarter. What we saw in the first quarter this year was a $0.10 contribution. So it was a $0.04 headwind. What we’d expect to see in the second quarter would be a few cent tailwind, so we made a contribution of $0.07 in the second quarter last year, and we’d expect a few cent tailwind on and then a more substantial tailwind in the back half of the fiscal year as supplies of the product become more available.  And so when we originally guided a few months ago, as I said, we were expecting a headwind to maybe breakeven at the high end from COVID therapies. And we increased the guidance as a result of COVID therapies for U.S. health care solutions by $50 million at the low end and the high end of the range. So, I think that gives you a lot to work with there in terms of modeling.
Jim Cleary: Sure. I’ll give you thoughts on drug pricing. And it is in line with our expectations. And we’ll say on brand inflation and I’ll start there, that it’s less important for AmerisourceBergen. We’ve talked about this and that over 95% of our brand buy-side dollars are fee-for-service. But I will say that the initial pricing changes in 2022 have been in line with expectations. And then on generic deflation, there’s nothing major to call out. Overall, deflation rates are relatively in line with the last couple of years. And we’d expect that to continue throughout our fiscal year. Supply and demand dynamics remain generally in balance. And again, this is something that we’ve talked about before, but it’s important that our business model is not as reliant on generic pricing as it once was in the past because several years ago, our business leaders recognize the need to have a more balanced profitability across the portfolio of pharmaceuticals. And so we rebalanced to ensure that we receive fair compensation for the value we provide across brand generics and specialty. And of course, the market continues to shift more towards specialty. But in response to your specific question, it’s what we’re seeing both in brand and generic pricing is in line with our expectations.
Jim Cleary: Yes. Yes. Thank you for the question. We do expect the manufacturer services business to normalize in the fiscal year and to have a good fiscal year. I mean these businesses are important differentiators for us, and they are very valued by the manufactures and we build, we have, several strong manufacture services businesses. We have realigned the organization to provide better end-to-end solutions for our customers, and there are opportunities for increased cross-functional collaboration between our manufacturer services businesses. And it’s actually an area with the Alliance acquisition, where there’s opportunities to have offerings of our manufacturer services on a more global scale. And there are also good synergy opportunities between our manufacturer services businesses and the Alliance value-added businesses. And so I do expect the businesses to have a good fiscal year and to be on plan. And that was just one of the things that we called out as one of the many puts and takes during the quarter, but we have good long-term confidence in the businesses.
Jim Cleary: Yes. Yes. Thank you for asking that question. That is a great question, and I think a few things. First of all, and most importantly, the business is performing as expected. The outlook is very good, strong fundamentals, continued execution. We have confidence in the businesses and the guidance.  Now to answer your question, the guidance range at the U.S. Healthcare Solutions of $50 million at the low end and the high end of the operating income guidance range. And then the raise at the low end and the high end for EPS was $0.10. And really, the thing to understand there is the raise is related to an updated outlook for COVID therapy contribution, more operating income contribution from COVID therapies, and that’s partially offset by higher interest expense and a stronger dollar. And so the stronger dollar versus what we had in our original guidance, that is part of the bridge. And then the other part of the bridge is higher interest expense that’s related to local country debt, for and Alliance Healthcare non-wholly owned subsidiary. And so those are the two things to bridge. But really kind of the most important thing is that the operating businesses are performing as expected, very, very well, and we’re very pleased by that.
Jim Cleary: Yes, Steve. I would add that in the U.S. for the government-owned emergency use authorization products, the process will be that the government will allocate to the states and then the states will allocate to the providers.
Steve Collis: Hi, Eric. I’ll start off and let Jim comment. We’ve made the comment that never has our purpose become clearer than during the pandemic of being united in our responsibility to create healthier futures. And the role that we’ve done with in COVID therapies distributing over 100 million vaccines worldwide by doing all the lateral flow tests in the UK – well Korea getting early vaccines out in some difficult areas in Europe, but also probably, most pivotally, the role we play in the U.S. with the antiviral therapies and the tremendous data and relationships that we’ve developed, working with the U.S. government and the state and counties to get these therapies out. We also have always been a very upstream centric company as well and have been honored to be selected as a distributor with so many of these critical therapies. It’s a moving target. Supply is often – is really often ramping up – and then you also have different disease rates in various states. And so we – AmerisourceBergen has shown tremendous adaptability, resilience and also incredible informatics and strong relationship skills, which have enabled us to really be the distributor for these important therapies. Jim, I know you have some other comments as well.
Steve Collis: Hi, George. I always remember your little train – could comment after our 20 – little engine that – after our 23  call, so our 13 announcement. So Jim just answered the question about pricing trends. And when you deal with a sophisticated customer like Express Scripts, they understand the business trends as well as we do. And we do a really good job of servicing large customers like that and focus on the long-term relationships. We’re proud because we were a legacy distributor to Medco and went through the Express Scripts transition with Medco and became the distributor for Express Scripts and now of course, are working with the new Cigna management team. So it’s a tremendous example of our focus on long-term partnership with anchor customers. And again, with the understanding and the fact that we reflect the competitive environment that we’re in, there’s no headwind to call out at all. On the train whistle, we are proud to be in new headquarters, which are not as affected by the train whistle, which Jim and I are currently working out of. And we hope that our associates will return to in the next couple of months as things improve.
Steve Collis: Sorry, I just wanted to also say, George, that there’s really no headwind to call out at all on the Express Scripts renewal. So, we’d pleased to afford that. Thank you, Operator.
Steve Collis: Yes. Nothing on WBAD that we can report. This is primarily a brand and specialty contract, as you do recall, Steve. And so I think – Jim, anything else you’d add in Express Scripts? I think we covered it .
Steve Collis: No, honestly, nothing important to call out from our vantage point. This has really become much less of an area of differentiation. In terms of the way our earnings momentum rolls out, it’s just the whole way that generics have rolled out, it’s much more wider industry participation than just the wholesalers. So I really don’t think there’s anything important to call out, and Jim agrees. So...
Steve Collis: And Jim, I’m going to do some closing comments now as we end our first quarter of fiscal year 2022 call. We felt like this was very strong results, and we’re off to a good start. AmerisourceBergen is, as we often like to say, well positioned with our pharmaceutical-centric strategy. We believe pharmaceuticals are the most efficient source of care, as shown by recent overall health care spending analysis, despite frequent misrepresentation of the public forums in terms of the inflation rates that we experienced. We know at the net pricing level, we are almost flat. We are very proud to be playing such an integral part in this community. As a corporation, I feel like we’ve made tremendous strides to deliver the purpose that we’ve selected. We leverage our own capabilities for the benefit of all the stakeholder sets we serve. We’ve made a strong contribution to our people culture. Our expertise continues to grow. We like to talk a lot about our intellectual confidence. We feel like we’ve made leaps and bounds during the last few years, and we are focused, as always, on creating long-term stakeholder value. Thank you for your time and attention today.
