Paul Szurek: Good morning and thank you for joining us today. I am glad to share our third quarter financial and operating results, as well as to update you on our markets and development activity. Financial results for the third quarter reflect revenue, adjusted EBITDA, and FFO per share each increasing 13% year-over-year. Regarding our internal growth, we had good performance across substantially all measurements, including solid cash rent growth on renewals and 7% year-over-year growth in same-store monthly recurring revenue per cabinet equivalent. Sales performance was mixed in the third quarter. Our core retail colocation sales were $5.1 million of annualized GAAP rent, consistent with our trailing 12-month average. Pricing overall for the quarter was up approximately 5% above average on a per kilowatt basis. Our consorted efforts to focus on quality deployments and strong pricing has paid off in this area. Scale coloation leasing was on the low end, resulting in total sales of retail and scale of $6.1 million. We believe scale leasing this quarter was primarily influenced by two factors we have mentioned before; smaller than normal inventory of contiguous space in our major markets, which is being remedied by the new buildings, we expect to bring on line beginning in 2019 and the normal lumpiness and scale leasing after which we are encouraged based on current pipeline and utilization trends we see in our data centers. During the quarter, we had a healthy balance of organic capacity expansions by existing customers coupled with our strong quarter in number and quality of new logo acquisitions. The annualized GAAP rent signed by the 27 new logos in Q3 increased 11.2% compared to the trailing 12-month average. The number of kilowatts licensed increase 15.4% and the average lease rent increased by 25.3%. We are optimistic about the demand trends we are seeing in our markets and believe supply is generally in balance with demand. We view Santa Clara as the most supply constrained and Northern Virginia as the least supply constrained. We still like the Northern Virginia market due to the overall high demand of our network and cloud dense campus, and the diversity we provide in Reston as compared to our peers in Ashburn. However, we believe pricing on undifferentiated or marginally differentiated large scale deployments have declined in Northern Virginia over the last 12 to 18 months, which will likely impact our pre-release economics to our new building at VA3 We continue to make good progress on construction of our new VA3 building and are likely to deliver an additional 6 megawatts of capacity in Q1 2019. In Santa Clara, construction on SV8 is progressing and we expect to deliver the 6 megawatts of Phase 1 during the third quarter of 2019. CH2 and LA3 are progressing through the permitting phases as expected consistent with our comments from last quarter we expect LA3 Phase 1 will be complete around year end 2019 and CH2 Phase 1 in early 2020, subject to the uncertain timing of the permitting process in these markets. Please keep in mind, all our projects are ground-up developments, which take longer to deploy the first phase of supply but allow us to build subsequent phases more quickly. As we've discussed on previous calls, we expect 2019 to be a transition year for us. We expect to enter the year with leasable capacity at a low level compared to our historical norms, and to end the year with leasable capacity, plus quickly developable incremental capacity consistent with the higher levels available to us at the end of 2015. This new capacity should enable us to reaccelerate growth moving from 2019 to 2020 and beyond. In summary, it was a solid transition quarter as we prepare for the new capacity in our construction pipeline, and we have an excellent group of colleagues to drive our success. Demand for and stickiness of data center requirements that are network and cloud-enabled in large metro edge markets continues to be strong. I remain optimistic about our future opportunities, reflecting our solid position in great markets with large numbers of dynamic enterprises, consumers of content and sophisticated customers of cloud, analytics and similar data products. With that, I will turn the call over to Steve.
Paul Szurek: Yes, mostly just market and you know what pricing for scale leases has done is Northern Virginia, our best guess and again we don't have you know as markets don't have perfect transparency, is that it's about 10% to 15% over the last 12 to 18 months for scale leasing. You know we will still – we believe will still hit our targeted underwriting hurdles that we've – you know talked about in the past, but it does give us less cushion and room to outperform them as we frequently have in the past.
Paul Szurek: Yeah, let me give you a volume growth on our fiber product Dave. Year-over-year that was up about 8.1%, so that gives you some idea on volume. What we also saw which is consistent with what we saw in the earlier parts of 2018 is some continued consolidation of customer deployments predominantly from some previous telecom and telco M&A activity where they are consolidating some of their pops which is leading to some increase in some of those disconnections.
Paul Szurek: Just to add to what Steve said Nick, as you can see from our overall pricing levels it's not affecting the pricing for our core relation colocation product.
Paul Szurek: It's primarily there to accommodate the growth need of existing customers as well as additional customers we expect want to come into that ecosystem, and then as you know that's a very special facility. It is not an easy construction building something new in one of these old office building, telecom, hotels, but I believe we expect to be able to bring that online in the second half of next year possibly as early as late Q2.
Paul Szurek: Let me take the first half of your question Colby. All of the capital that's in our forecast is in our existing markets and projects. VA3, SV8, LA3 and CH2 as well as you know we from time to time we build additional computer rooms in our existing buildings that are already out there. None of that capital is targeted for any additional markets.
Paul Szurek: I think as we've shown historically and as we've forecast out demand trends, we could achieve those levels of growth we believe in our existing markets. And as you know, we've always been flexible around the scale versus retail dynamics along as we are focused on differentiated use cases that require that interconnected cloud-enabled campus dynamic and you know we try to make sure that we can accommodate higher density as well as low density applications within the same campus. That's really what makes the community of customers thrive. And again, most of the growth in edge use cases the vast majority of it is going to take place in the major metros of the type that we're in. And so, we do believe that's possible. Now, we always look to evaluate and enter different markets with the business model that we have, but those opportunities are few and fall between and really hard to forecast or incorporate into a model in anyway.
Paul Szurek: Well, let me just add to what Jeff said, you know ultimately it's dependent on sales which is primarily dependent upon demand, but bear in mind what I said in my comments that what we're building in this first phase are the corn shell of all these four new buildings out of which we're initially building only the first phase of capacity. So, we do in these buildings in our current footprint, plus what we can add in – you know in the land that we own down the road could – if the sales and demand are there, you know continue to maintain double digit growth beyond 2020. But that's going to be dependent upon sales execution and demand.
Paul Szurek: So, given where we are on a leverage basis, you know we're low levered and as Jeff pointed out, we have the capacity to still be conservatively leveraged and fund our capital growth plans. Don't think we need to view any changes to the dividend policy as necessary in light of where we are leveraged.
Paul Szurek: So, great opportunity in our development program is that we are really meeting the needs of our customers where they have the highest need. People like us we're not developing these in-fill urban campuses that have these great connected communities. Somebody else would have to do it and you know the returns there are higher, because the difficulty and the ability of others to compete is you know rewards people who can do it and who pursue it and stick to it. So, we believe that's very strategically important to meet our customers' needs where they express the greatest desire for them and so that's I think for the foreseeable future that's going to be the highest and best use of capital. It has been since our IPO and I think we're going to continue to focus that as our primary strategy where we can differentiate ourselves both to our customers and to the investment community.
Paul Szurek: So I think what you are really asking Richard is, our confidence levels around the timing of delivering capacity, I hope this isn't too much detail, but as we go through our process is the biggest unknowns are in the permitting process. They are just a lot of steps, a lot of opportunities for community input, special environmental reviews. And so, until you are basically at the end of that, it's a lot harder to predict what the timing of development will be. We feel pretty good because we are pretty far along in the properties that have not been permitted yet, and so we've got a few hurdles behind us. Once we have a property under contract with the general contractor, those contracts have set target dates that are based on assumptions you know around field conditions and weather to some extent. And you know sometimes you'll exceed those exceptions, sometimes you won't, but typically on average you are going to be right around those contracted dates with your general contractor. So, once we start coming out of the ground with vertical construction, there are a lot fewer variables that can, you know not completely eliminated but fewer that can impact your schedule and your delivery time lines.
Paul Szurek: So as we said in the past, it really does somewhat depend upon market and somewhat on buyer, but a good rule of thumb is that some pre-leasing can begin to take place, you know generally three to six months before you have an expected certificate of occupancy. And so, typically we see some preleasing before we actually opened up a facility and we try to approach that opportunistic. We are trying to smooth out the J-curve but still get to right applications that value the ecosystem, and the best pricing that we can.
Paul Szurek: So in terms of upside opportunities, the two primary things that could drive that would be; A, if we lease up more quickly the computer rooms that are coming on line in the new buildings that were constructing. B, if we have to start sooner constructing new computer rooms in those buildings or for example in the VA3 campus, where we actually have some shelf where we can add some additional computer rooms more quickly than doing ground up development. So if it is a big year for scale leasing that would be the sort of thing that would drive upside to what we described on this call.
Paul Szurek: So, on the first question, I don't think we can pinpoint exactly when that pricing drop occurred over. That's why I said over the last 12 to 18 months, but it doesn't seem to have changed much in the last quarter or two as far as we can tell. On the second point to be honest, I think we've actually been fortunate in that we haven't had to – and part of this is holding some stuff back, so that we make sure we can take care of the existing customers, but we haven't had to disappoint any existing customers and their need or ability to expand in our current markets yet. Although, we do see them ramping up and using up space that was acquired previously, so we do need to stay on top of our development.
Paul Szurek: I mean I think the best that we can tell Lukas is that it is just – this part of the cycle related to telecom and carrier, M&A and subsequent pruning. There has been this longer term slow grind of the 10-gig or 100-gig, but that doesn't seem to have meaningfully changed. On the other hand as you know from the history of this industry, the cycles tend to increase and decrease as a new data products and new demand sources come up. So, I don't think we are negative about interconnection trend growth. We think it's a solid component of the story and the industry and consumer factors that drive it continued to be positive.
Paul Szurek: We just haven't seen it as necessary to fulfill our business plan or meet our customer needs. And so far compared to developing in the markets that we are in is not the best way to provide value to either our customers or shareholders.
Paul Szurek: Thank you all for being on the call and for your interest in those good questions. We'll be at NAREIT in a couple of weeks. I am sure many of you will be there as well, and we look forward to seeing you. I'd like to just close by thanking my colleagues at CoreSite, as you can tell from the information we provide to you we have a lot of good things happening that require a really capable team, building out new capacity, bringing in all these high quality new customers into our ecosystem, continuing to drive a good product mix of customers within our ecosystem and great diversity there. These are not easy things to accomplish and I am really proud of how well all the members of our team prosecute their jobs day in and day out, and I'd like to thank the board. Have a great day.
Steve Smith: Hi, Jordan, this is Steve. I think we did covered better enough in our prepared remarks there. We do see the overall pipeline remaining healthy, and I think if you look at the use cases in the marketplace that continue to drive more opportunity for that. And as we mentioned, there is a couple of things. One is, we like to do better in that space. I think we can do better on this thing that we are working on to just operate better there and sell better with the capacity that we do have, but we are a bit capacity constrained at this point and we are looking forward to bring that capacity back in line.
Steve Smith: Well, I think it's more the nature of our strategy and how we are aligned around key metros or across the U.S. and the makeup of our overall strategy really focusing on those latency sensitive network dense type of applications that seem to be more and more prevalent regardless of the line of business, so you think about things like 5G that's rolling out in the market place, artificial intelligence, autonomous vehicles, all of those kind of things drive to more and more edge computing and latency sensitive type of applications and I think we'll just continue to see more of that which fits very well with us.
Steve Smith: Nick, this is Steve. I would say that it's not necessarily size, it's really the application that goes along with it and sometimes that can go alone with size. But you know it's really the use case that goes behind the actual application and how they tie back to either a hybrid multi-cloud type of environment or other network type of deployments that value that low latency connectivity. So, we feel like that gives us a competitive advantage and also gives us a bit more staying power on relative to pricing on the market place.
Steve Smith: Hi, this is Steve. I'll give you an answer to that. As this relates to our overall mix, I think it really points back to our overall strategy really keen around three aspects of the market, one being network, the other being cloud and the other being enterprise and how those are mutually attracted to one another and really ultimately drive their unique value that we have across our platform. So, all three are very important to us and if you look at the overall mix of our ecosystem about 50% of that is enterprise and then the other 50% is evenly divided between cloud and network. So, we see little bit of oscillation here and there between quarters. This quarter, enterprises was a bit elevated, primarily based off of the scale of the old socket than we would like, also the impact for the available capacity to sell that space, so overall we see a fairly consistent balance as we go forward. But all three aspects are very important to us.
Steve Smith: Sure. Well, this is Steve. As you think about the overall mix of our transactions have been pretty consistent with about – over 90% of our lease has been less than 5,000 square feet and I think that's really the meat and potatoes of our strategy and you will see that going forward, which is also one of the key attraction for why a lot of the cloud and content companies want to do business with us as well on the scale level. So, as far as number of transaction, I think you'll see that be fairly consistent. And as we've mentioned before, there is scale and hyperscale opportunities are more opportunistic they thought from those that – by that same ecosystem that can contribute to it and overall provide more value there. So, they are important to us and as I mentioned before, we do want to improve there and we feel like the additional capacity that we're bringing online will give us the opportunity to do that. And you'll probably see as you've seen in other quarters where when those events do happen and those leases do occur, that that will outweigh some of the smaller deployments in terms of just square feet and overall revenue, so again opportunistic, needs to provide value to the ecosystem as well as through returns that our shareholders are looking for. As far as the sales team is concerned, the overall expense structure we looked at – be very consistent to next year. We have done some things, we have some organizational changes last quarter and we are looking to drive better efficiencies that can better align to the markets as we have new capacity coming onboard and as we see just opportunities for improvement. So, across our sales, sales engineering and product mix, there is areas that we've already identified where we feel like we can make improvement there and we continue work there.
Steve Smith: Our channel business fluctuates a bit from quarter to quarter. It's anywhere from I'd say 8% to 15% depending upon the quarter. It is an important part of our business and will continue to be an important part for us as we go forward. There's essentially off tables resources that can get our brand up in the marketplace and really not only carry our value but other components that are important to customers as they evolve their IT strategies is key to us. So, we continue to focus there and expand that and I expect our focus to be even more strong as we go forward.
Steve Smith: I think you'll continue to see it be lumpy. There is – and the use cases that go into that scale leasing, again I think you need to look at what the deployment is within those larger scale leases and how they either value or don't value. The ecosystem and the network connectivity that we offer within our campus model, because some don't. And those that are – that don't value that up and drive much lower price points that frankly is an additive to our ecosystem or our shareholders and the return that we expect. So, again, it will be opportunistic, but we do see good opportunity and the opportunity actually improving as those low lengths of use cases continue to evolve and we see more and more of those every day, across every industry for that matter. So, as you see capacity come on, especially within our top four markets, we expect to see better performance there as it relates to scale and hyperscale opportunity.
Jeff Finnin: Good morning, Jordan. I gave revenue and adjusted EBITDA growth for both 2019 and 2020 as well, so let me just clarify and repeat it.
Jeff Finnin: So, revenue and adjusted EBITDA for 2019 to be upper-single digits and for 2020 to be the low-double digits. For FFO per share and unit, for 2019 mid-single digits and low-double digits in 2020.
Jeff Finnin: Yeah, Jordan, primarily it's some of the – what we typically see related to some of the M&A or end of life type of events you are seeing, some of that being a little bit elevated in the first half of next year.
Jeff Finnin: No, I wouldn't call it an execution problem Dave. I think Brian Warren in our construction team are pushing this hard as they can and our estimates obviously are dependent upon a lot of things going perfect on the construction side. And so, it's not uncommon to see as you get towards the end of the year, some of that capital spend ultimately moving from Q4 in Q1 just depending upon where they are in the construction cycle. So, that we do see that periodically and then obviously we provided some additional commentary around what we expect for 2019 again to be elevated largely due to the ground up development that we have in the queue and that we'll expect it to beached out on light this year or early next year.
Jeff Finnin: And the other thing I would add there, Dave is, as you look at the overall mix and health of the interconnection business, you look at enterprises, connecting to clouds, we've seen that grow significantly in the 30% range, so overall connectivity continues to grow and I think really what you are seeing there predominantly is largely effect of just rationalization of telcos as they have gone through that M&A process.
Jeff Finnin: I would say that in general if you are enquiring in terms of whether or not there is additional capital required upon those renewals, it's very minimal if any. And so there is not a lot of capital intensity on our typical renewals.
Jeff Finnin: And Colby in terms of the second question, on the leverage, you know our leverage is something that we look at and have discussions with both internally and with our board, and I can't and I don't anticipate we'll continue to have those discussions, but I do not anticipate bringing that back down to our typical 4.0 level and it's something we'll continue to just monitor as we work through 2019 and 2020.
Jeff Finnin: Rob, let me comment on the interconnection and we'll see if we can get you a number for the $400 million to $450 million. I would just say in general any time you some level of churn which we report on a rent perspective, you are going to get some additional churn associated with the interconnections, that's just very common just given the types of deployments. What we don't always know is the level of churn in the interconnection side of it and it's going to vary just depending on the cross connect density in each of those deployments. So, it will impact it to some extent, to what extent is uncertain and so we ultimately see which customer's churn and the timing of that event. And just to get back to your other – your second question, we've got about 160,000 square feet, it is under construction today and that complemented with what we have talked about related to LA3 and some of which is CH2 is going to be about 280,000 square feet that in total you would see under construction, some of which will be completed in 2019 – some – in late 2019 and then some of that will ultimately bleed into early 2020.
Jeff Finnin: Yeah, I wish I could give you more color on that Rob, but you know lot of it as you've seen for 2018 and 2019 is really going to be dependent on the incremental capacity that we add to the market as well as performance on the sell-side. And so, I think we wanted to give some insight into 2019 into 2020, because we are going through this low from a capacity perspective, just to give better visibility into that. Beyond that, I'm hesitant to comment at this point in time.
Jeff Finnin: Okay and then secondly, the dividend policy, I think as you've seen historically and when you look at our dividend today as compared to AFFO, we have about a 90% payout and it's something we obviously address on a quarterly basis with our Board to evaluate what that dividend needs to be, but as we've said historically, those increases are largely going to be tied to our increases in cash flow. And we define that most relevant is common – is our cash flow that is distributable to our common equity shareholders which in a simplistic view from our perspective is AFFO less non-recurring capital that we spend inside our portfolio. So, I think that's the measurement you have to watch and that would largely give you some indication in terms of what that dividend increase could be relative to the growth in that cash flow number.
Jeff Finnin: You bet Sami. It is clearly something we watch and monitor closely not only what our peers are doing and what those rating agencies are doing, but also we have those conversations with the rating agencies that we meet with on a periodic basis and so, we obviously operate the business with that in mind and is something that we clearly have an eye on. I think it'd be premature to think about being in 2019, but we continue to operate in manner that ultimately we could do that in the public markets. Having said that, I would just comment on one of the areas of financing, we've tapped as you've seen is that private placement and those two issuances are rated what's referred to as NAIC 2 which is a surrogate for investment grade in the private market. And so – and we've been able to access that at the investment grade level, which continues to be a – I think an attractive source of capital for us.
Jeff Finnin: Hey good morning Richard, let me just comment a little bit on any questions and I'll ask Steve add some color and commentary. But you are right in that as you point out that in the second half of 2019 is where you are going to see some additional capacity being added and that's going to be the Bay Area with the completion of the first phase SV8. And so, I think what is important and we've tried to get as – be as transparent on this as possible which is getting to when capacity will be coming online on a quarterly basis and by market. Keep in mind that as we do bring some of that capacity online, depending upon whether some of its pre-leased or not. If we don't have any pre-leasing, you will see some impact – negative impact to our earnings as a result of absorbing some of costs until we get that list up to a certain level. So just keep that in mind as you look at your quarterly models. And in terms of what's driving that or our confidence around – you know beyond that, I'll just have Steven or Paul comment on that.
Jeff Finnin: Good morning, Eric. I think when we referenced back to normal levels, we would consider our normal levels to be somewhere between 1% to 2% per quarter, so take a midpoint of some more around 3% from the backend of the year, and if you add on to that 4.25%, you're going to be somewhere towards the higher end of that 6% to 8% range. We are a ways out from some of that, but based on the visibility at least that we have in the first half, we wanted to at least make sure people were aware of it as you considering your models and obviously we are going to work to outperform, but that's our best visibility as we sit here today.
Jeff Finnin: A great question, Eric. Let me address that. I think if you look at year-to-date growth for our interconnect, we're right at about 12.3%, and I would expect this to end up somewhere in our guidance range of 11% to 14%. If I had to guess maybe towards the lower end, but we'll see how Q4 ultimately produces. In terms of beyond that, we'll obviously plan to give some specific guidance as we typically do on our February call. I think the things to consider is that volume growth really generally is going to drive that revenue growth, absent any increases in pricing or migrating certain customers to different products. So I without giving a lot of specificity, I think it's a reasonable range, but as we get better clarity into 2019 will give some specifics around it probably in February.
