Jeffrey S. Finnin: Jonathan, this is Jeff. Let me touch on the first one, and then we'll have Jarrett and Tom address the second. But as relates to our general -- I guess, our G&A cost, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we expect that amount to trend back up to a roughly the 12% of revenues, as we've guided to in previous quarters. That lower amount that was reported this quarter was assisted a little bit by about $400,000 credit that we have going through resulting from us adjusting our reserves for bad debt. On the sales and marketing, as I mentioned, we're at about 6.8% of revenues for this quarter. We expect that to be still in that range of 6% to 6.5% per quarter as we move forward and as we continue to look at some additional investments in sales and marketing expenses, where we might want to enhance and/or make further investments. But I think that range still gives you some idea where it expects to be. On the operating expenses, the only thing I would say there is that in the third quarter of our fiscal year, it is traditionally a little bit higher due to the seasonality of some of our power expenses that do -- that we will get hit with in the third quarter. Other than that, that should be relatively consistent beyond Q2 as we head through the second half of the year.
Jeffrey S. Finnin: Yes. As you pointed out, and as I did say on the call, we've guided towards the lower end of our revenue range. And that's largely due to our customer at SV3 having lower metered power draw during 2013. How -- and really what it comes down to is really product mix. On the positive side, we have had higher revenue from our higher-margin products. And that this a good flow-through to the bottom line. And as a result, we expect to have adjusted EBITDA, reported adjusted EBITDA, at the higher end of that range. And ultimately, that's what's increasing -- or resulting in the increase in the guidance.
Jeffrey S. Finnin: Correct. Just take the midpoint, Manny, of that range, of $1.075. We expect to be in the higher end of that range.
Jeffrey S. Finnin: David, let me give you some idea kind of how we're watching and monitoring things and give you some idea of what we're thinking. But when you look at -- we obviously -- we watch the mark-to-markets very closely. But when we look where we are halfway through the year and what we anticipate spending in terms of development dollars for the rest of this year, we've guided to a range of $200 million to $225 million of CapEx for the year. If you just pick a point somewhere in the mid-range, call it $215 million because it will make the math easier, year-to-date, we've spent about $96 million. So that leaves us about $120 million of additional CapEx that we'll spend in the second half of the year. We've got about $73 million outstanding on the line today. So that's going to put us up somewhere between $190 million and $200 million outstanding on the credit facility by the end of the year, assuming we don't do anything from this point between now and then. That still gives us well above $200 million in total liquidity. However, we're going to continue to watch the markets and ultimately assess when it makes the most sense for us to go to the market, and it's really going to depend on the size of the proceeds that we want to deploy, what pricing is looking like in the marketplace and, ultimately, the term we're looking for when we term out some portion of that short-term debt. I think, as it relates to -- I guess, your second part of the question was really around levels and how is that impacting ultimate returns. We've traditionally said that our returns, which are on an adjusted EBITDA basis, are north of 12%. So that's not going to change that based on what we end up doing from a financing perspective, but that gives you some color in terms of how we're looking at and monitoring the markets. I think late 2013, early 2014, we will continue to look at where an opportune time is to do something from a financing perspective.
Jeffrey S. Finnin: Yes, Jordan. Most of the tax expense that you see in the quarter is really resulting from state income taxes. That PLR generally won't have a whole lot of impact on state -- the way states look at REITs. So you're always going to have some level of -- a small amount of state tax expense. In terms of logistics for the PLR, we have been working on transitioning our business out of the TRS and into the REIT, and it just takes a little bit of time. But as I said on the call, near term, we don't think it's going to have a big impact. However, longer term, as that side of the business grows, that's where we will see the benefits on a long-term basis.
Jeffrey S. Finnin: Yes, Jamie. This is Jeff. We haven't given any specifics as it relates to 2014 roll. We'll plan on doing that probably later in the year or as we give 2014 guidance. But I can tell you that there aren't any significant known move-outs in that fiscal year that we're aware of at least today. So nothing significant that we're aware of that will move the needle there.
Jeffrey S. Finnin: Yes. You're talking about backlog, Tayo? It was -- in the prepared remarks, we has talked about it. At that end of the quarter, it's $8.5 million. And what we gave some color on was that -- of that $8.5 million, we expect about 85% of it to commence in the second half of this year, equally split between Q3 and Q4, and the rest of it in 2014.
Jeffrey S. Finnin: No. I think in the near term, call it 12 to 18 months, I think that's a reasonable percentage. I think once you get beyond that, we do think it's scalable. And ultimately, we'll know better as we get closer and closer to those time frames. But at some point, definitely, it is scalable.
Jeffrey S. Finnin: It's -- we haven't given that specific breakout by property, Eric. I don't even have it at my fingertip. But -- yes, at this point, we haven't disclosed those separately.
Jarrett Appleby: Jonathan, it's Jarrett. And building on the new logos with the 33, we're just seeing progress. We're seeing more at bats [ph] with the sales and marketing coverage and investments that we see there. We're primarily seeing more, I think, new deployments, new application-type deployments, but we also see the diversity of choice, particularly in the network and cloud segment. So we see continued momentum. And again, with the investment and the tenure of the sales force, we see more at bats [ph] and more new logos.
Jarrett Appleby: Yes, we're about 90% there on the sales side. You'll see continued ebb and flow, but we're materially there. We've been patient, hiring the right talent, and it's really paid off in the network and cloud vertical segments, where we're seeing that progress and that focus. So we'll continue to be patient and move forward as we go in and close out the rest of this year. The big thing is giving them time and getting them productive and getting them more experienced and trained. That's taking a couple of quarters.
Jarrett Appleby: Jon, it's a combination of dark and lit. In major markets, we want multi-count, high-count fiber between our sites. But think of it as it's really our campus strategy. It's really bringing this large cloud enablement, where we can do the larger deals, and then tethering and connecting back through high-count fiber back to our point of interest, in the case of NY1. So we're getting some momentum with that. And in other markets, with did share with you, where there's key points of interest that are moving, that are running out of capacity, it's a benefit for us to make it easy for them to leverage our campus in NY2 or other markets.
Jarrett Appleby: Jonathan, it's Jarrett. Yes, in terms of mobile, we are seeing ad-insertion platforms prevalent. There are some assets that were getting some tower deployments as well from the network guys, as well as, clearly, some value in financial services in our assets like our D.C. campus, Chicago, New York. I think we saw mobile deployments from the network provider, from tower infrastructure, from that product line and from the digital content players, I think, in 5 markets this quarter. So it is early days, but it does leverage that community. It does leverage the digital content. You mentioned one player in that space, but our digital content is a very strong base for us. They are pushing that to the edge. And again, from the market perspective, ad insertion is latency-sensitive, and we are focused on those folks and new logos in that space who are coming on-board.
Jarrett Appleby: Oh, in terms of remote peering, I think there's an opportunity. One of the things that we called out was the 40 multi-site deployments that we had this quarter. We have multiple networks in every one of our markets this quarter, and that's pushing out for the IP side and peering community, as well as the private networking deployments that they're putting out there. And so I do think there's opportunity for us there that folks are looking for other places for IP and peering and picking new choices outside of downtown New York. I think that's particularly an opportunity for us in our NY2 facility. We aren't seeing a lot of pull-through that we can see right now from remote peering. There's still major hubs, typically 2 and 3 -- 2 or 3 in every one of the markets. Folks are diversifying in Northern Virginia, New York, Chicago, Santa Clara and L.A. They're looking for multi-site kind of deployments there.
Jarrett Appleby: And just on that, if I could build, one of the benefits of that, those 2 campuses happen to be publicly announced where you can directly connect AWS. And again, bringing the network and the cloud community and making that a campus is a great -- not just for AWS, but other cloud providers, giving them that choice of multiple cloud providers and hybrid environments for cloud closer together.
Jarrett Appleby: Yes, this is Jarrett, Dave. The first phase, over the holiday season. And I think we mentioned this as a cloud gaming platform. And into early next year, you can expect the first phase of that deployment to go out, again, in Q4. But it will phase in and ramp up in the first half of 2014. The first deployments will include power. And again, it's an interconnection -- we anticipate it to be an interconnection-rich application to the networks in those sites. So first phase for the holidays, and then ramping into 2014.
Jarrett Appleby: Yes. This is Jarrett, Jamie. Not really. We have seen consistent, again, the smaller deals and our focus on that are moving -- are consistent. We're seeing those consistently move through to close, and roughly the same time.
Thomas M. Ray: And Jon, it's Tom. I would just add that we felt like we saw pretty good returns on the expansions of the quota-bearing headcount in Q2 as people are coming off of ramp. We believe that what we've been working to do is working. And given that, we're going to evaluate probably adding an additional smaller round of headcounts. But if you think this 30 to 35 quota-bearing heads right now, if we look at another 5 to 10 on top of the historical plan, it's not going to move the expense structure in a huge amount, but that's a -- it could be a meaningful add to the quota-bearing headcount, and we're certainly looking at that.
Thomas M. Ray: Jon, when you're thinking about intermetro connectivity, we have a link along the coast of California linking Northern and Southern; we have a link over in the Eastern region. Those are lit. Those are lit leases with a little bit shorter-term capacity. Within a metro, intrametro, most of that is dark. And that's been something that's been meaningful for us in L.A. As we mentioned on the call, it's accelerated very well in Los Angeles with our strength at LA2. And so we're replicating that in the New York. Intrametro, primarily dark. That said, Jon, I mean, I guess the bulk of the capital and the bulk of the strands, intrametro, is dark. We do provide lit services intrametro, it's just -- you can put gear on either end of one strand and break it into waves and move a fair amount of smaller retail traffic, but that's one strand. So as a service offering, we are also lit intrametro. But as a capital and if you count fiber, you see the big guys wanted to light their own glass, and they are looking for dark.
Thomas M. Ray: You see a deceleration in metered power, which is a 0-margin product, and you saw outperformance on higher-margin products, cross-connect and breakered-amp power. And that's really the reason for the dissonance between the movement in top line revenue and the movement in profit.
Thomas M. Ray: Well, I think Jeff said we expect our adjusted EBITDA to come in at the higher end of the range as well. We're guiding up on adjusted EBITDA. We're guiding up on FFO. We guided down a little bit on revenue, and it's all because of product mix.
Thomas M. Ray: David, I'd offer 2 comments in addition. One is, although our debt, if you exclude the preferred, our debt is 100% floating right now, it's also currently 1.2 turns. And we think about when to term out more in terms of the floating as a percent of turns of EBITDA rather than the ratio of floating to fixed. If we were an 8x EBITDA borrower, that ratio might have a lot more meaning, but we really just think more in terms of the risk of interest rate rises relative to our income trajectory. We think through the rest of this year, that's a very manageable risk. But when we do get a handful of turns out or 3 turns out, we look hard at terming out, as you saw us in the past. The second thing I would offer is, as the spreads in the market have widened, certainly, over the last 2 years, the company-specific spread at CoreSite has come in, I think, reasonably nicely. So you have a company dynamic that continues to strengthen relative to a market dynamic that has widened a little bit. I think the strengthening of the company dynamic tempers the risk in the market dynamic. I'm not saying that it overcomes it, but it tempers it. And so we think about that when we think about the risk of widening rates versus near-term dilution to our shareholders. So we think in terms of absolute floating-rate debt relative to EBITDA, and we believe our company-specific spread continues to tighten.
Thomas M. Ray: We didn't. The short strokes there are we had one customer move out. There might have been more. We had one material customer move out. And the decline in occupancy there is really due to the law of small numbers. It's a 20,000-foot building. We had a 5,000-foot lease move out. I think if you look at the rate on what moved out, you can -- I mean, I'd look at the variance between the property table q-on-q. We moved out 5,000 feet, an average of $45 a foot a year, and the in-place base on the rest of Miami is $121 a foot a year. So we had a small guy move out at a very low rate, and we're -- we didn't manage that churn to have a different strategy with the building. It was a not-that-profitable customer, and we feel good about backfilling that over the course of the year, and we think the in-place rents reflect that opportunity.
Thomas M. Ray: I don't -- we don't have the updated stats at the moment. I would be comfortable that it's moved north, and we'll come back on the next Q with the detail. I don't think it's-- these are fairly large battleships to move, right? So I don't think it's changed in a huge amount. But I think the trend is favorable, and we'll come back on next Q with the clinical data again. Sorry we didn't bring it this time.
Thomas M. Ray: We're -- we don't in L.A. I mean, our only tether in L.A. is a point-to-point from LA2 to LA1. I think broadly, the strategy, Jordan, where you're entering a market without a point of network density, then you help seed growth by tethering to other points. When you have established your own point of network density, then you don't really tether to other people. And as you build more capacity elsewhere in the market, you tether back to your point of network density. It's the age-old hub-and-spoke that we've been doing for years now. And the tethering to other folks I view as kind of the first 3 to 5 years, as things get going. And then, as we execute our strategy to bring more networks into our facilities, then the value of that tether decreases.
Thomas M. Ray: Yes. I think that's a customer who is -- no surprise in the marketplace, a number of larger customers are self-sourcing data centers in other locations. And I think this customer has consolidated half of the gear out of that building. They're, I think, looking to sublease the space. We've talked about this in the past. We're also in an open dialogue with them. And our income is secure for the next 4 and 5 years. And there you go. I think, at the end of the day, the timing at which we take that space back to the market, if it's before the lease expiration, will just be driven by when we need inventory in the location. As we've said in the past, wholesale rates have declined meaningfully from when we signed that deal. Separately, though, we believe that our ability to -- that we have an ability to increase EBITDA in that facility off of that inventory with a retail program. So we don't have an intent to take that back to the wholesale market at whatever time that capacity comes back to us. And Jordan, I want to be -- also, a little more color around the cost of the networking, if you will. The fiber is one cost. The gear on either end of the fiber is another cost. And then the capability to manage the network is a component. I think what we shared in the past, if you look at any tier, you look at our packet exchange, you look at our Ethernet exchange, you look at our dark fiber purchases and you look at our gear inside our buildings, it's less than a couple of points of our total capital base. It's -- I'm guessing it's 2 points plus or minus. So it's -- there's a lot more to it than just buying $1 million or $2 million worth of fiber. But the total cost is still a reasonably small amount of our capital.
Thomas M. Ray: It was. We went a little bit longer on it than we had underwritten. So you saw a little negative variance on cost there because we went a little bit bigger on the package, but yes.
Thomas M. Ray: Sure, Dave. I think that -- we think of the development in 2 different groups. There's one class of development that's really just add-ons into existing facilities. And those are incremental builds to meet demand as we start getting short on inventory. Those tend to be the higher-margin, higher-returns -- higher-return developments for us because by definition, they're built inside a facility that already has customers and traction and some interconnection base. Let's leave that category there. Circling back to the other category, you have new large ground-up or full-building rehab deals. And we have 4 of those -- or 3 of those right now. We have the pre-leased deal in the Bay Area, SV5. And I think we've given all the guidance we can give around returns on that. It's an attractive deal for us, and we're glad to have it. And then we have 2 large new TKD data centers going up, one in Virginia, one in New Jersey. We've consistently said we think we can meet or beat '12 [ph] on a stabilized cash yield basis. We continue to believe that. I think as our -- what we do expect, and historically we have seen, higher returns on the incremental adds in existing data centers, and those returns can vary fairly widely. And our objective is to continue to drive a higher component of breakered-amp sales and cross-connect sales as part of the product mix and, hopefully, have some upside across the portfolio. But that's how we view yields. Really no big change other than we think the yields continue to move in the right direction for us across our -- each development, and we're excited about the future.
Thomas M. Ray: And I think on average, our stats suggest that 80% of total cross-connect growth from all new deployments in any Q burn in over an 18-month period after the deployment. There are -- some are faster, some have more growth for a longer period of time, but on average, you get about 80% of the cross-connects on a new deployment over the 18 months after it deploys.
Thomas M. Ray: Well, we wouldn't comment on anything specific, Dave. But I would just say that -- and the message we tried to send last quarter is, look, we just try to be smart and pay attention to the market and pay attention to opportunities to increase shareholder value. At the same time, our internal growth opportunity is quite significant, we believe. And as such, our hurdle for buying something is relative to our hurdle for sticking to our knitting right now. And really, none of that has changed since we've been a public company. I think there's been a little oscillation in the perception of what we're trying to say, but our orientation, I feel, has been pretty consistent.
Thomas M. Ray: Well, I think the North American climate is obviously a little bit brighter. But I think we all read the same papers and see the same economist reports. There's not blistering growth here. But certainly, the outlook here is a little bit brighter. I think more than anything, you just saw -- I would circle back to what we've said pretty consistently. I think overall demand in the industry I expect to grow at similar rates to where it has before year-on-year. And there are some quarterly oscillations. We saw that in Q3 last year. You saw the counter-oscillation in Q4 of last year. We look at Q1 and Q2 results as fairly normalized. So I don't think that there was an exuberant outpouring of executions based on a view of better health in North America. Things are, I think, on the margin, better in North America. I think, more than anything, we're seeing stronger growth in capturing the smaller performance-sensitive deals that we think have a product mix that drives higher margin because we've invested into a platform that captures more of that activity. So that's what we attribute Q2 to. And I think things are better in the States, but I don't see IP spending or the trends behind IP outsourcing, we don't see Gartner's forecast shipments of router and interconnection gear. Those trends still seem relatively consistent, a little bit brighter in the States, a little bit duller in China and Asia. But it's a fairly consistent pattern from what we've seen over the last couple of years.
Thomas M. Ray: And I would say, also, you've got to think about the geography. It -- I think there are other companies in the sector that have more business abroad right now. And maybe some of the lengthening of cycles is due to macro factors elsewhere. My guess is -- my sense would be that the companies we compete against in North America are probably seeing pretty similar things that we are, and they're very able competitors with great business plans. And some -- other times when you have exposure to a market that's a little bit slower, and then things pick up. So that's our sense. I think in North America, we've seen things stay pretty steady.
Thomas M. Ray: Yes, I don't think it has impacted us. And we really have worked to message this to the Street for the last 2 years and strongly over the last year. We do expect them to move out of the SV3 building upon lease expiration. You have half of that in 4 years and half of that in 5 years -- or I think it's 3 and 4. And we expect to time our inventory deliveries in Santa Clara such that we would convert that space to our retail colo program. And between now and then, we're collecting rent, and we have a good relationship with the customer, and on we go.
Thomas M. Ray: No. They've been in the market to sublease it. We've been in discussions with them. I mean, they have -- I think they've moved out a portion of the building, and that's that. It is a fairly normal landlord-tenant situation with a tenant who doesn't need some of their space and is probably going to move out the rest of it over whatever time period make sense for their business, and we look at the intelligent way, as the landlord, to either take that space back early and market it early or wait until the lease ends, and that's really driven by our inventory availability in the market. That's what drives our decision-making and our thought of timing and whether we participate in taking it back early or not. And until we need capacity in the market, we're happy to stay where we are with that lease.
Thomas M. Ray: And I would offer that not scaling it, I think, is a good sign. Not scaling G&A means that we believe that further investments create accretive returns. If we wanted to just stay steady state as a business in our current activities, then we could scale G&A down as a percentage of revenues. As we -- if we believe that enhancing our capabilities produces attractive returns, we'll keep G&A as a percent of revenue where it is or evaluate the optimal position for the shareholders.
Thomas M. Ray: Well, I think generally, the longer a property has been around and the more customers it has in it, the more cross-connects you'll have embedded in that building. And we just work hard to systematically add to that dynamic in new buildings and new developments. It takes time, but the trend has been favorable, and we're going to keep doing what we're doing.
Thomas M. Ray: Thank you. Well, we're pleased with Q2. We're very pleased with the seasoning of the sales team and with the returns we're getting on what we're trying to accomplish. I think, more than anything, we're very pleased with the sales mix we see evolving in the organization. And we're going to stick to our knitting and keep going. Thank you, everybody, for the support from the analyst group, from the investors. We're going to keep working hard to create good returns, and we'll talk to you guys soon.
