James Cleary: Yes, thanks so much for asking that question, Elizabeth. One thing we were really pleased about -- there's obviously so many things we were pleased about during this quarter. But one of the things we were pleased with is that our OpEx growth was slower than our gross profit growth. So as I'm sure you saw our gross profit growth during the quarter was 8.0% and our OpEx growth was 7.6%. And really where we saw the improvement was in the U.S. Healthcare Solutions segment where our operating expense margin declined by 11 basis points. And we really were able to achieve this by focusing on aligning our internal capabilities to our customers' needs and creating a more efficient organizational structure. And we had talked about that on the May call. And that's something that we were very focused on. And then we also benefited from lapping inflationary pressure that had started in the March quarter of fiscal year '22. And so we lapped that pressure, and so we had less cost pressure during the quarter. And so as we look towards the fourth quarter and we look towards fiscal year '24, this is something that our company is very focused on. We're very focused on efficiency, so we can really align our capabilities to our customers' needs and have an efficient organization. So thanks a lot for asking that. 
James Cleary: Yes. There's a lot there. And so let me start out by talking about GLP-1s because they were such a driver of revenue growth during the quarter. And I mentioned during my prepared remarks that we had about 11.5% revenue growth in the quarter and that if we backed out GLP-1s, our revenue growth would have been more in line with our GP growth of 8.0%. And so GLP-1s really are a driver of top line revenue growth. But from an operating income standpoint, they are minimally profitable. And so they really are a driver of top line, but minimally profitable at the operating income line. And this is caused by the fact that the gross profit margins on them are low. And then, the operating expenses are a little higher because of the cold chain nature of the product. And then with regard to things like exclusive cell and gene relationships, of course, those sorts of things are very positive for the company and very strategically important. But in terms of dollars, small at this point in time. Biosimilars, you asked about, they continue to be in a really kind of key and a growth opportunity and margin opportunity for AmerisourceBergen. You asked about generic deflation. And during the last few months, we have seen some moderation of generic deflation in certain pockets. This is too early to call a trend. But of course, if it were to broaden beyond a few pockets into a broader range of generics, it certainly would become a tailwind for the company. But you mentioned, in particular the U.S., and I think probably the thing that I'll point out -- and I talked about this in the prepared remarks on a consolidated basis. But in the U.S. segment, the gross profit margin decline during the quarter was 13 basis points, and that was really driven by 2 things. One is less sales of COVID therapies, which are high margin and then greater sales of GLP-1s, which are lower-margin products and minimally profitable. But -- and so I think that addresses your questions, but I just want to finish by saying, we were really pleased by  results we had during the quarter, in particular, the operating income growth that was driven by several things, including strong, broad-based results across many businesses, good utilization trends we saw in the U.S. and then the good performance we made on the OpEx front that I had earlier talked about. 
James Cleary: Yes. Thank you for asking the question. And let me say, of course, we were really pleased with the results during the quarter. And as -- and due to that, we did really kind of across the board raised our narrowing of guidance for fiscal year '23. And we have a lot of confidence in our updated fiscal year '23 guidance, and we have a lot of confidence in our long-term guidance, which is, of course, 5% to 8% organic operating income growth. And then including capital deployment, it's double-digit compound annual growth rate for adjusted EPS at the midpoint of the range. Of course, both those exclude COVID and exclude CapEx, but we -- there are, of course, a number of things that can impact results quarter-to-quarter and timing and those sorts of things. But rather than kind of get into the details there. I just want to say that as we are starting into fiscal -- excuse me, the fiscal fourth quarter, we've got a lot of good momentum in our business. We're seeing strong utilization trends in the U.S. We're seeing good performance in just a number of areas of the business, and that's what gives us a lot of confidence in both our fiscal year '23 full year guide and our long-term guidance that I talked about. And of course, we're just in the middle of our fiscal year planning process now, and we'll look forward to providing our fiscal year '24 guidance on the November call. 
James Cleary: Thanks for asking that question. And as we look at the international business, you asked about World Courier, and there has been some benefit from price. But I think as we look forward there, probably a good deal of the benefit we'll see from World Courier will be in volume growth. As we look at margins overall in the international business, probably what will impact it more than anything else is a mix. And as we deploy capital like we did in PharmaLex, those will be in higher margin, higher growth businesses. And that will -- over a period of time, it should positively impact margin percentage growth in the international business. And I think that will be the key driver. 
James Cleary: Yes. So this is, of course, something that we monitor and something that we manage very closely and constantly, and there's no meaningful change to call out. Of course, in a working capital management and ROIC and free cash flow are such key value drivers for us over the long term. This is something that we really stay on top of. And I said there's -- as I said, there's no major change to call out. 
James Cleary: So yes, like I said earlier, this is -- what we're seeing is the last few months is a moderation of deflation. And again, as you said, it's in pockets. So too early to call a trend. And -- but of course, but [ we're ] a trend, it would be a benefit for us. And then on the sell side, which you talked about, what I'll say on the sell side is it's a competitive market, and it's a stable market also. 
Steven Collis: Yes. So Eric, thanks. As you know, we price more on product category, so this would fit into a branded and indeed, oral category that's dispensed mainly in the retail sector. A fairly significant amount of this is going through mail order. So it's -- we don't discount on a particular product category, even as significant as this product category is. But we do regard ourselves as a liaison. So of course, we'll be talking on behalf of Good Neighbor Pharmacies in particular, you look at the Elevate network, we discussed this as a key product category that is affecting profitability, reimbursement stability in the community pharmacy. But it's not anything that we are discounting on a particular art  on a particularly category basis. So it just fits into that broader category. Of course, these products are extremely important, a good example of innovation and there is a lot of product, a lot of positives about the product as well. I think we shouldn't only look at this in terms of the negatives. I mean, I think there will be a whole lot of benefits to the pharmacy industry as this category evolves including the monitoring of side effects, potentially anything else that pharmacists can do to help manage the health of their patients and AmerisourceBergen will, of course, be there to assist. 
Steven Collis: Yes. Charles, thanks for the question. That's -- I'll try to cover all the elements you asked. Of course, one of the ways at AmerisourceBergen has a differentiated value proposition is our strong portfolio of distribution capabilities and key strategic relationships are really -- we juxtapose and relate those into our upstream relationships and try to provide more services to manufacturers. So key themes that you should keep in mind is our presence in specialty distribution, where we've been the leading community oncology. And this will only be enhanced by the OneOncology acquisition, where we expect to have learnings. There's been a lot of activity, for example, recently in urology. But -- so that could be a future area of interest for us. As any of these physician dispensing capabilities, we come up in areas that we're already active in, including urology and rheumatology, ophthalmology, that will be of interest, and neurology could be one that we are very interested in as well. Aligned with our distribution capabilities to the dispensing physician and what we often call the Part B market is our GPO capabilities. And then I'd have to say AmerisourceBergen has really focused and invested in the development and the breadth and depth of our commercialization services. The customer is the biopharmaceutical manufacturer who will actually be billing for a lot of these services. And I think if you look at the various businesses that we've been invested in, go back to [ '98 ] when we invested in Lash. We started our ICS business for pre-wholesale third-party logistics. We have always been a leader in this area as well. And our goal is to provide an end-to-end suite of solutions and support our partners at every stage of the commercialization journey. So of course, as you have new more complex therapies, none more so than more intriguing than cell and gene therapies and you have -- when you launch them, you have cost issues, you have access issues, you have, of course, the distribution and storage issues, transportation issues. AmerisourceBergen is really creating a lot of services around this. And you've heard how we even -- for a unique product. Now we're doing some kitting and different sorts of handling for cell and gene product. So we will continue to evolve our business. There's a lot we can do. We can track outcomes  on a therapy-specific level. In some cases, we've done that in the past. So we will be responsive to the needs of the market and continue to add value to -- for patients on the access front and to manufacturers on taking those different distribution and other points we have to get their products into the market and efficiently and effectively. 
Steven Collis: It's very quick. It's very soon. Obviously, that was a plant that manufactured a couple of injectable products. We've actually worked closely with Pfizer in this particular instance to see if we could help, we had a distribution center closed by the impacted manufacturer plant. But nothing to report yet. It's -- we're keeping our eye on this. Our supply chain group does a fantastic job, has managed through COVID has managed through all sorts of setback. We had the farmer nationalism that we had on one of the calls. We had a lot of concerns about that. I don't think that one manufacturer plant will impact us. And also you're talking about one of the most well-established resilient manufacturers. I would imagine they have their contingency plans and business continuity plan. So I think we did -- Jim and I and Bob Mauch, our COO. We did have a call with our supply chain people to understand and nothing alarming yet, but we will keep a close eye on the situation, and we feel confident we can manage through this as we have a lot of the setbacks and -- not overall material to what AmerisourceBergen does. 
Steven Collis: Okay. Well, thank you today. Thank you. We are kind of a little bit emotional here as we report our last quarter as AmerisourceBergen. And I know Dave [ Yost ] is going to be turning over. He doesn't like that we haven't changed us. But we are very, very excited to be talking in the future about Cencora. Cencora is a name that I think really resonates with myself and the team as we look towards a future where we're even more of a United Global Health Solutions leader. This name has been studied very well by AmerisourceBergen, and we really believe that it resonates with our team and who we are. What's also extremely important, and I cannot understate this enough, is who we are, what we do and how we do it will not change. We will continue to be a purpose-driven pharmaceutical-centric leader powered by our team members and driven to provide differentiated solutions to our pharma partners and provider customers. We will continue to build on our foundation in pharmaceutical distribution, further our leadership in specialty distribution and services and carry forward our long track record of execution and creating value for all our stakeholders as Cencora. Thank you for your time and attention today. 
