James Cleary: Sure. Lisa, you had asked about COVID therapies and our contribution from COVID therapies. In fiscal year '23, as we indicated, we're expecting $0.30 to $0.35 with approximately $0.30 being in the U.S. and a few cents international. And that's down, of course, from the contribution in fiscal year '22, which was $0.72. And we said we were a little bit ahead of expectations in the fourth quarter. We had a contribution from COVID therapies of $0.17. And so this is something that is hard to predict, and so we'll be very transparent, and we will indicate what our COVID therapy contribution in each quarter, as people will see in their earnings presentation that we posted this morning, this is why we provided guidance both including and excluding COVID therapies. And I will note that in the month of October, it was a little bit lighter than we expected. But we are providing the guidance for the year of this $0.30 to $0.35, and we will be transparent and update on it every quarter. And I'll just finish by saying, of course, we're very proud of the role that we served as the distributor of a number of these COVID therapies, Lisa. 
James Cleary: Yes, I'll start the comment there. And as you commented on, our guidance for adjusted operating income growth in the U.S. segment ex-COVID is 5% to 7%, and of course, that's driven by continued strong operational performance really across multiple businesses. We continue to really execute very well and have -- and a particularly strong growth in our specialty business. And of course, we would continue to expect to see strong growth there. As I commented before, one of the other moving pieces in the business is COVID therapies. But of course, if we kind of focus on the ex-COVID. I just think, Michael, we're seeing strong utilization trends, and so we haven't seen any surprises there as we would expect utilization trends are strong. And then just really good performance across just multiple businesses that drove the growth rates in '22 that we would expect to see to continue in '23. 
James Cleary: Yes. And so what I would draw people to take a look at is Page 10 of the earnings presentation that we posted to our website earlier today, which shows the growth rates of our International Health Care Solutions segment. And it really kind of report that we show it on an as-reported basis, a constant currency basis, as reported, excluding COVID constant currency, excluding COVID, then we also show what the impact of the acquisition is. And for PharmaLex, we're expecting a March 1 close. We are expecting it to contribute $0.15 to fiscal year '23. And what I'd say is if you look at international healthcare solutions segment, our growth rate, constant currency, excluding COVID, is 7% to 11%. And if we were to back out the impact of the acquisition, that would take about 4 percentage points off the -- both the bottom end and the top end of that range, which I think answers your question. 
James Cleary: Yes. I would say that this is in line with the guidance that we provided with at Investor Day, where we talked about 5% operating income growth and 8% EPS growth in fiscal year '23. And then we talked about 5% to 8% operating income growth over the long term and then an additional 3% to 4% from capital deployment. And I think, feel like these results and guidance that we're talking about today are very much in line with what we indicated back on Investor Day, and it's really kind of driven by our leading presence in distribution, both in the U.S. and internationally and then our ability to supplement that with higher margin, higher growth businesses that are able to contribute to our operating income growth and then deliver the capital deployment, both through acquisitions like the PharmaLex acquisition in fiscal year '23 and share repurchases, as we've demonstrated over the last 6 months with about $500 million of share repurchases. 
James Cleary: Yes. And so first of all, I'd say we were really pleased with our free cash flow in fiscal year '22. Our adjusted free cash flow of $3 billion in fiscal year '22. And as I look forward, Eric, I'd just kind of see the free cash flow metrics kind of being about the same as they have been. And of course, they've been very favorable, and we've had great performance on free cash flow. But I don't really kind of see anything that would kind of change those metrics. Of course, as I commented in the prepared remarks in fiscal year '23, now that the settlement is known, we will be subtracting the settlement out of free cash flow, not adding it back. But in terms of the metrics, I view kind of our working capital is one of the very positive things about our business and kind of seeing those free cash metrics being kind of consistent. 
James Cleary: Yes. And so it has been a lower growth year for MWI and the animal health market in '22. I think for the year at MWI, it's about 3% growth and a little bit higher than that in companion animal and a little bit lower than that but still growth in the production animal market. And of course, it's comping over some very strong years in the animal health market, where there are a lot of pet adoptions during COVID, and that really drove the market for a period of time. And then I think what's been happening this year is there have been some staffing issues. Of course, as the labor market has been tight, there's been staffing issues in veterinary clinics. So it's a little bit harder to get an appointment. And so that's impacted the market, but it's a very strong market and a very strong business for the long term. And in both good economies and bad economies, that market has performed well. And I think we would continue to see that over the long term. 
James Cleary: Yes. And so with regard to Turkey, there is a mechanism in that market so that -- each year, there is a price increase, which really protects us for many devaluation in the currency. And so we would expect that annual price increase to be recurring in future years, like it has been in past years. And so in fiscal year '22, the price increase really offset the currency devaluation, and our guidance assumes that the same thing happens in '23, although the level of price increase may be lower. And then with regard to fuel and the U.K., yes, I mean, we have had inflationary pressures, particularly in the second half of fiscal year '22 in the U.K., and we would expect those to continue in fiscal year '23, and it's fully reflected in our results and our guidance. And I would say that our team at Alliance is just very good at controlling costs. But we absolutely do have a headwind from inflation that's reflected in our guidance. 
James Cleary: Yes. Yes. No, we have no call-outs there. And of course, we're very proud of our ability to be able to renew with customers, and very pleased with our success there. And what we're seeing really in the U.S. is just continued broad-based growth and performance across a number of businesses. 
James Cleary: Yes. So thank you very much for that question. Of course, our capital deployment priorities remain consistent and continuing to invest in the business, strategic M&A, opportunistic share repurchases and maintaining a reasonable growing dividend. And with regard to parts of the question that you asked, we obviously will continue to look at strategic acquisition opportunities. We feel really good about the PharmaLex acquisition and the opportunity that, that creates for us in the global biopharma market. And then with regard to the Walgreens question you asked, if Walgreens does decide to sell additional shares, of course, we'll view that as an opportunity to collaborate with them and be a repurchaser of some of the shares. And I think through our actions over the last 6 months, we've demonstrated our interest in opportunistically repurchasing shares. And this is all enabled by our very strong free cash flow. We really exceeded our guidance on adjusted free cash flow for fiscal year '23 and we're fully -- are fully meeting our commitments, of course, as you mentioned, to pay down the Alliance debt. 
