Steven Smith: Yes, Jonathan, and the thing I guess I would add is, when you look at the large cloud providers out there, they are providing a lot of their backend data centers on their own and what they are really deploying with us is typically more of their edge or network nodes and caching nodes that really kind of you answered that part of the question with your second question, which is they want to be as close as they possibly can to the enterprise just in order to maximize that experience and make it as seamless to them as possible. So that's what we see at least from the larger cloud providers, is that they are deploying those edge and network and caching nodes closer to the enterprise, which also lives in our data center. So I think that's part of it. And then I think you also see, and what we've seen, even over this last quarter, is the smaller cloud providers that are choosing to deploy it right in our data centers so that they can have that interconnection that we've invested in over the past several years as well as those other enterprise customers to connect to. So it's really kind of a combination of all those things, but the large compute from the big guys is still happening typically outside of our TKD space.
Steven Smith: I guess just I'll give you a little bit of color on it. My sense is, yes, it is performance sensitive and that's why they need to put it in Santa Clara in order to have the performance characteristics required of the applications that are driven out of that and to those enterprise customers versus backhauling it to someplace in the desert or someplace up north.
Steven Smith: Sure, Jordan. This is Steve. The demand that we've seen come in at least for Q1 has been consistent. So I wouldn't say that there's a whole lot of surprises from the last call that we had, and as responsible for sales for Tom and our shareholders, I take it very seriously and we're out just laying it out every single day. So I wouldn't say that you will see any dramatic changes, but we have to work at it every single day and so far we see good system performance and we just try to get better at it every single day, but overall demand seems to be improving with the market and we anticipate [indiscernible] interest and taking more than our fair share of it.
Steven Smith: I'll answer that, and then Tom obviously can add some color there, but as you look at Q4 to Q1, we did see a slight drop between those quarters. As you look at Q1 over Q1 last year, we saw an increase of about 19%. So we did see a good push towards the end of last year and I think there were some customers that were looking to get budgets in and close out business before the end of the year. So we saw a nice rise in that. And then as we come into Q1, we've also seen – I think we picked up on where that momentum left off, it's just we're now starting from a bit of a softer place just given it's a new year, a new market, and so forth. So, coming in at 19% ahead of where we were last year in the same quarter, we'd like to always do better but we're showing strength from where we were last year, and that's important.
Steven Smith: As far as the incremental bookings are concerned, the growth that we've seen has been in the enterprise to cloud and cloud to enterprise. That's where we've really seen the growth of that. The 50% represents the overall base. So as you look at the overall base of cross connects, that's where we are seeing those cross connects happen between clouds and enterprises.
Steven Smith: We're really trying to provide customers choice and options so they can dependent upon the flexibility, bandwidth, a lot of different factors, weigh into why they make one decision versus the other, but it's really about choice. Up until now and even including now, we see more and more customers still elect to go the cross connect route, but we're seeing a lot more interest and more take rate frankly around things like Open Cloud Exchange given the ability to change the connections on the fly, do it a little bit more dynamically and do it with better economics.
Steven Smith: Just anecdotally, I will tell you that we are seeing more and more networks build directly into LA2. So I don't have the stat off the top of my head as to numbers, but it is increasing and we see more and more of those networks not only build into LA1 but also into LA2, and then that's also connected with our fiber [indiscernible] obviously.
Tom Ray: And [indiscernible] on a tradition at CoreSite of open communication, I'd probably come down on the other side, and it's just definitional, Jon. I think if you define performances, it's got to be within a certain metro or within a certain radius, limited radius of a point of interconnection, then I would fall right where Steve just fell. I would define performance sensitive as really needs to be inside a campus with a provider to obtain performance capabilities more because of economics. And under that definition, I would not call the large deployment performance-sensitive.
Tom Ray: The revenue is inconsequential, it's tiny, and it's high-growth extremely small base from every metric, whether it's revenue or customers' reports or traffic. It's growing very well but it's very, very small right now on all measures.
Tom Ray: I think, look, we feel good about our ability to grow earnings and our available inventory over the next call it 12 to 24 months depending on the market throughout the portfolio. I think you start to get out 12 or 24 months, you've got Virginia, Santa Clara, Chicago, where if you look at the trailing pace of net absorption relative to the amount of capacity we're bringing online, those metrics line up toward needing additional capacity. And I think probably each of those three markets is similarly situated in terms of timing. And so I just said on the last call, we are actively looking at expansion opportunities, we feel good about our ability to expand and we are working on picking the best ways to do it. As we said a quarter ago, we don't expect ourselves to be sitting here two years from now going, oh golly, if only we knew we needed more space in Santa Clara and Virginia. We realize where we are and we're working on it. But I think in the three of the largest markets in our portfolio, they are going to need some more capacity in the mid-term, Bay Area, Virginia, Chicago.
Tom Ray: Pretty simple Finance 101 and Strategy 101 combined. The strategy has to be consistent with ours. We are not working to dramatically change the business we're in, so very similar business, complementary geographic reach. Obviously interconnection density is very important to us. And then the math needs to make sense, not only going in but over some period of time. There is positive arbitrage day one, you really have to look at a model for a good five years and feel good that things are accretive to the CoreSite shareholder over that timeframe. I mean that hasn't changed in forever.
Tom Ray: And I would just layer on top of that, we want to encourage everybody to consistently think about our business as having this core more transactional colocation oriented business and some moderate degree of midsized sales and leases layered on top of that, and then an opportunistic approach to much larger leases layered on top of that. And I think if you look back over a two-year trail and you strip out a couple of built-to-suits and a recent large lease at SV7, that average probably gives you a better read of that core business. And so I think Steve said it all well, I just want to remind everybody that the kind of leasing we saw in Q1 has a large lease layered on top of that, and that's an extremely lumpy category for our Company, and you really need to think about the target as a trailing average excluding those opportunities.
Tom Ray: We are targeting, and I think growing the base of business at the Santa Clara campus with the target, and those are the cloud on-ramps, the private WAN network operators, all designed to bring in more of that enterprise user who finds differentiated value in our location. So that's the target. And I think that's continuing to move in the right direction. We have more networks than we had two years ago and three years ago and we have more on-ramps, we have more commitments from the larger public cloud guys, so we think that's moving in the right direction. As to the yield, we've always said, we do view wholesale leasing opportunistically and we did the first larger wholesale deal in SV7 as an anchor lease on IRR based math solely. The ramp was at market at a time when the market was fine, but we did that based on IRR math, and I would say, now the market has tightened considerably and the more recent wholesale leasing is more opportunistic in terms of yield and we are pleased with the return on where that asset is headed.
Tom Ray: So where we were pleasantly surprised is really the core of the business, and that is net adds of fiber cross connects. The churn on the copper side has remained consistent and this Q was consistent with the trail. Adds in the logical interconnection set were pretty consistent with the trail. We really saw outperformance in net fiber adds. And honestly, it was very well distributed. There were a couple of specific carrier customers who added more than you might see in a given quarter, but we had pretty good growth across the business with regard to net adds of fiber. And sincerely, it outperformed our expectations and I think it's premature to dramatically write up our forecast of cross connect revenue growth from where we've been, [messing the history] [ph]. You saw that we increased guidance 2 points at the mid. But we're watching it and we're pleased, but I can't say this Q gives you enough information to define exactly what and why. It's just one Q and we have to keep assessing it.
Tom Ray: I think densities are going up in general and I think they have been, but adjusted for density, if you adjust to look at density on the trailing 12 or trailing 24 months…
Tom Ray: Trailing 12 months, the rental rate per foot achieved in Q1 was 7% greater than the rental rate averaging over the trailing 12. So there was real rent growth on a power adjusted basis. And that lines up I think with the increase in MRR per Cabi. You saw a 6 point growth in MRR per Cabi. Of that, about half of that was due to increasing rent, 38% was due to cross connect per cabi and the rest was power, and that rent component reflects a 5.7% growth rate. And so on a power adjusted basis, we've picked up 7 points in Q1 over the trail. On an MRR per Cabi basis, that seems to line up pretty well looking back over the last year. And so I think that in the current environment, we're seeing that additional favorable pricing per unit.
Tom Ray: Yes, and that's such a good and fair question, Manny, and I've been talking about that with our general manager in LA as well. Look, the short strokes are, part of the soft occupancy in what's being transferred from the pre-stabilized pool in stabilized was under rights of first refusal and first offer with others and they didn't exercise them the way we thought they would have. So that sat on inventory that isn't occupied but we couldn't sell. I would also say that when we made the decision to move forward on the most recent build, the funnel was incredibly strong and we just hit bust on more of those opportunities than we expected. If I had perfect information, frankly I wouldn't have built that most recent tranche and it's a constant mathematical assessment and probabilistic assessment of the funnel of you don't want to run out of inventory, you don't want to be too long, and I think on this most recent whatever it was $12 million or $15 million build in LA, building another 20,000 feet, we jumped the gun and I would say that we're – I don't think we jumped it by much. We feel really good about the funnel in LA and in particular LA2, and we don't think this imbalance will last all that long. But yes, I think [indiscernible] on behalf of the Company on that call.
Tom Ray: So there are already pieces of their position with us are in holdover and that wakes that four months down. They have leases in every single one of our markets. They are very broadly distributed geographically and they are very broadly distributed in terms of lease terms. So this isn't a lease that's set to roll in four months. It's a very, very different animal. And we do have I think now substantial clarity, and my guess is over a three-year period, plus or minus, somewhere between two and four, they will probably move out of half of their capacity. Some of that is in buildings where frankly rather that happens sooner than later, and some of that isn't, but there will be some move-outs in the near-term, I'd say probably half their capacity over a few years, and we think we have visibility with them and understanding hopefully going to documents that retains another chunk for a longer period of time. In general, I just want to talk about this concentration, the key to that question, Manny. Look, of our top 10 customers, they are represented by 53 different leases, and I'll introduce a term called customer buildings, we might have a customer in a building that has three leases in that building. If I count that as one, I've got customer X in building A, that's one; I've got customer Y in building B, that's two; these leases are spread across 36 customer buildings and two different buildings represent between 2% and 3% of our rent, five represent between 1% and 2% and 29 of those are less than 1 point. And so the point of that is, our top 10 list is very diversified geographically and in terms of term and even beyond buildings, number of leases. So this customer that we just spoke about a minute ago, I think is fairly representative of the meat of the portfolio around this issue, and I wanted to offer that data because it helps describe our business.
Tom Ray: And just an important clarification, the enterprise and cloud component are cross connects involving an enterprise or a cloud. They may involve a network on the other end but they are not network to network. That component of our business that involves a cloud or a network in the cross connect used to be far less, I don't remember the stats, and it's close to half now and it's growing at double the rate of our network to network business.
Tom Ray: It has a lot to do with how the cloud provider is coming to market as well with regard to the interconnection. So Azure is coming to market via logical connections, and so they are on our OCX and that's how they are coming to market for their target market. AWS has a different coming-to-market model. Direct Connect is a cross-connect into their DX architecture. So how the cloud is coming to market plays a significant role and how the OCX fits in as well.
Tom Ray: Obviously. I don't think we want to get too specific around that. We don't want to say where we're doing really well or what Tier 2 markets we think of disproportionate and attractiveness.
Tom Ray: Look, my view and I think the data supports it over the last 24, 36 months or so is that the global and regional gateways have retained their rates of growth and the Tier 2 markets are growing even faster, which is an advent over the last several years. It's as caching is pushed out to the edge and the router, the interconnect is pushed out to the edge, that is growing at a faster clip than the global gateways. The global gateways have not lost share or lost their growth rate. So I hope that helps, I hope that answers the question, but yes, we see a faster growth rate closer to the edge now than any other segment.
Tom Ray: I don't have [indiscernible] we have several subsea cables there now. But that really speaks to the fact that it's a campus and we manage it as a campus. It's massive networks and massive interconnections distributed 11 blocks apart.
Tom Ray: And Steve made a note in his remarks that I think is meaningful for us anyway. This quarter we signed more leases in LA2 than we did in LA1. So that might sound like a little thing but it's actually a pretty big deal. So the rate of adds at least in this Q was higher over to LA2 and that trend toward that dynamic has been underway but it was gratifying to see it happen this quarter.
Tom Ray: We really do serve out of the campus and different needs have different requirements, but there is clearly a segment of demand that is well met at LA2 and is a good fit there.
Tom Ray: Look, I think as to the latter, yes, cost is down and in some markets rents in the bucket of rent and power and interconnect is increasing. So yields have improved in the current climate over that of three years ago in select markets. I'd say in other markets, yields have improved as well but predominantly on the cost side, on the basis side, rather than the numerator and the denominator. So our cost to build, I'm joined here by Brian Warren, our Senior Vice President of Engineering & Product, were probably down 15% one year and 10% the next, so probably an aggregate of 25% over the last couple of years.
Tom Ray: I think it's going to start to stabilize. We've had an initiative over the last couple of years to really make a push on this. I don't think that we're completely done, but I do think we've made large progress. It's a never ending review of every time you build, you look at the design, and can we do it smarter and can we design it more efficiently.
Tom Ray: Not to eliminate exuberance but we just don't believe in special sauce with regard to construction, we just don't buy it. On a new build, in a new moment, somebody might have a little bit better idea, but ultimately these generators, concrete, steel, land, labor, these are big warehouses with power and cooling, and you design a product as flexibly as you can, you do build in a modular fashion with as big of swing to the bat as you can to get your efficiencies, but there's nothing special about that sauce. And I do think if you peel the onion around fully turn-key leased capitalized interest, land, everything, I think if you look at cost basis on an apples to apples, from an apples to apples viewpoint across the industry, I think that the lack of special sauce thesis might be validated.
Tom Ray: We've gone down the past pretty extensively with if somebody wants to buy the +1 on an N+1 configuration and looking at productizing different pieces of resiliency, really how we've driven cost down is by simplification and standardization and replication. So, no, we certainly looked hard at productization of different pieces of the resiliency stack. We do work with customers who say, I want N on UPS and we might build to that, but that's still a fairly small part of our business. But look at a year ago, we did have a view of productizing different pieces of the capital stack that was out there, and candidly at the end of a lot of analysis, we didn't see huge returns on that relative to other dynamics that we are challenging. But there are consequences…
Tom Ray: We want to thank everybody for being on the call and taking time, and again, working hard to understand the Company. Special thanks to employees and customers for another good quarter and continuing to help build a good company. I would offer that the management team here and our Board, we're being I think extremely thoughtful about the best ways to grow and drive returns for our shareholders, and this is an attractive time in the market and a good time for us to just keep building a better and better company and organization, and that's what we're focused on and we believe we have opportunities to keep doing that to get better, to get more profitable and to keep growing. So, thanks for staying on the story so far and we'll do whatever we can to help you guys understand us in any way possible. Thanks again.
