Thomas M. Ray: Thanks, Derek, and welcome, everyone, to our fourth quarter call. Before reviewing Q4 results, I'd like to review some of our key accomplishments in 2012. During the year, we restructured our sales, marketing and go-to-market activities to a vertical model. Despite the disruption this caused, we executed through the year in both financial and operational terms. Specifically, in 2012, we increased revenue by 19.7%, adjusted EBITDA by 36% and FFO by 26.5% over 2011. This continued drive in top line growth, and our 69% flow-through margin to adjusted EBITDA in 2012, are particularly encouraging in light of the material changes we made in our sales and marketing teams during the year. Also in 2012, we invested over $92 million in growing our data center platform, and entered a new market in Denver with the acquisition of Comfluent, the area's most network-dense colocation operator. We signed 338 new and expansion TKD leases for approximately 130,000 square feet, reflecting an average size of 387 square feet per lease. With this customer growth, our installed base of fiber cross connections increased by 21%, which includes cross-connects related to our acquisition of Comfluent. Excluding the Comfluent acquisition, fiber cross connections grew 13% over 2011. Turning to Q4 '12. Our financial results reflect consistent execution of our business plan and solid growth over Q4 '11. Specifically, revenue increased by 20% over the prior year quarter, adjusted EBITDA by 38% and FFO per share by 23.5%. Reflecting investments in our sales and marketing functions, Q4 booking volume was the highest since we became a public company. New and expansion sales of $11.6 million in annualized GAAP rent included TKD sales of $8.4 million. It also included an estimated $3.2 million in annualized GAAP rent related to a 100,000-square foot powered-shell built-to-suit on our Santa Clara campus. We note that the rent on the build-to-suit is subject to potential minor adjustments to reflect any changes in final project cost. We expect to invest $19 million in this project during 2013, as disclosed in our Q4 supplemental. 1/2 of the rent from this project should commence in Q4 '13 and the remaining 1/2 toward the end of 2014 or early 2015, depending upon the timing of the completion of certain power upgrades associated with the lease. As expected, Q4 lease commencements of $2.9 million in annualized GAAP rent, were lower than our historical average, reflecting lighter bookings in Q3. Pricing in Q4 remained firm across our platform. Specifically, we achieved rental mark-to-market of 11.7% on a cash basis and 15.6% on a GAAP basis. We recorded churn of 2.1%, slightly below our trailing 4-quarter average of 2.5%. Our GAAP rental rate on new and expansion TKD sales in the quarter was $151 per square foot, reflecting lower power density in the product mix sold in the quarter, as well as conceding lower rent to win a key network anchor application in Chicago. Beyond the record dollar volume of our Q4 sales, we saw a healthy blend of new business across all verticals. Specifically, we signed 23 new logo customers in Q4, including 7 network, 9 cloud and 5 enterprise customers. In the key network and cloud verticals, we executed over 64 new and expansion leases. Of that, we executed 27 leases with network and mobility providers. Among the key Q4 wins in our network vertical were leases signed with service providers Sidera, Zayo, GTT and CITIC. Other new customers in the vertical included Saas Unified Communications leader, BroadSoft, and 2 mobility service providers. Our cloud vertical segment also showed great strength in the quarter and represented 64% of annualized GAAP rent signed. The 39 new and expansion agreements in this vertical include key wins from global cloud providers in our Boston, Reston and Santa Clara markets. Specifically, we executed new agreements with what we believe are 3 of the top global cloud service providers, each leveraging off of the growth of our cloud-enabled data center campuses and the launch of our Open Cloud Exchange. The Open Cloud Exchange, which was announced in January of 2013 offers our customers direct connection to the variety of cloud-based IT resources and applications on our platform. We believe that success in our network and cloud verticals leads to increasing value across our platform. In addition to strength in our network and cloud verticals, we saw solid growth in the systems integrators and MSP vertical with industry leaders such as a Digital Voice Solutions and SunGard, a new partner specializing in supporting enterprises in targeted industries such as health care, financial services and retail. Together, these Q4 customers enhance the valuable mesh of technology solutions already offered by the over 750 companies relying on CoreSite's data center platform and our valuable mesh of customers and applications. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jeff to run through our financial results.
Thomas M. Ray: Well, we have confidentiality provisions in the lease, Gee [ph], but what we can communicate is what's in the public disclosures. We've indicated GAAP rent of $3.2 million a year, annualized GAAP rent on a stabilized basis, and incremental capital costs of $19 million to build the building. And I think that the majority of the rest of the cost is the land parcel that was in place. We think -- I guess, a couple of different things. The returns met our thresholds, #1. #2, we are helping a customer that's very, very important to us across North America and just furthering and deepening a good relationship with that customer. And then #3, I think what that customer -- what we believe that customer will be doing on our campus will make the campus even more attractive to other networks and cloud service providers and enterprises. So it was a win on all 3 counts.
Thomas M. Ray: I don't think we've disclosed that anywhere, Jordan. I think -- you see market prices for land. I'd say may be between the $30 and $90 an FAR foot is probably where the market is.
Thomas M. Ray: Yes, we don't. It's fairly rare. There are times we do in some locations. I think this came about from a good relationship at executive levels and at the staffing level, the sales team with a large customer.
Thomas M. Ray: I think we just have more resources and Jarrett has made a huge difference. More resources at the field level and at the executive level going deeper and deeper with our top 31 targeted accounts.
Thomas M. Ray: Well, I was going to say I think -- we think about the key ingredients. One is location, location, location, and there are other data centers that are in markets that have a lot of fiber and a lot of carriers. Another key ingredient, obviously, is capital, which I think all the publics share and some of the privates share. But important additional key ingredient is your customer mix and your customer base. You really are putting together puzzles inside these data centers, application puzzles, and they create a virtuous cycle. So having very, very, very heavily multi-tenanted, multi-customer, multi-application data centers is vital. And to that, it speaks to what I think of as the fourth key ingredient, and that is you got to have scale to support all of the IT and all of the people and all the human resources. There's a meaningful amount of fixed cost infrastructure to be effective in our business. And it's not economically rational to do that with a $200 million capital business. It works when you're $1 billion or $1.5 billion, you're kind of past the tipping point. But I think scale to support people and systems is required. So I think those are the key ingredients.
Thomas M. Ray: Well, I think the question is when do you pass the tipping point of offering a comprehensive platform that puts you at the table on continent-wide opportunities with the largest customers. And I think we're past that tipping point. So we don't feel that we have to be in X or Y markets to be highly successful with our strategy. And then beneath that layer, and that layer really does define it, but beneath that layer, there's incremental value in broadening the platform and we have, to date, focused on Tier 1 markets. So again, we've named them in the past, Dallas, Seattle, Toronto, Atlanta. Those are markets that are high-liquidity Tier 1 markets that we pay attention to. But I think that customer-led demand is more our focus than the sense that, gee, we have to be in 1 or 2 additional markets and we'll do whatever it takes to get there. I think we are past the tipping point. We have a good broad platform, and I think that's showing up.
Thomas M. Ray: Well, it just depends, Manny. We have at times opportunity to do a little bit larger deals that might be interesting, that's that lumpy side of the business, and that -- there are times when you don't. So it's hard for us to guess. I think, we try to underwrite every significant tranche of capital as less than a 2-year build-out -- less than a 2-year lease-up to stabilization. That might imply 6 years at New Jersey. We would hope to beat that. But we'll scale the capital in accordance with the pace of demand and absorption. But the first big tranche of capital we deliver, we would say consistent with our 2-year stabilization guidance. We've been fortunate enough to beat that in the past and we're going to work hard to do it again.
Thomas M. Ray: And I think we're also optimistic about early discussions with some subsea cable re-architecture or expansion that, I think, historically went straight to 60 Hudson on one side and to 165 Halsey on the other. And think the newer cables are looking to establish more efficient routes into bigger, more professionally managed data centers and we think Secaucus is well positioned for that as well.
Thomas M. Ray: And I think in terms of the resources we can supply to that, I think it's -- you can eat anything you want so long as you pay for it. I think as we get more and more successful, we'll continue to invest. And that's really baked into the guidance that we give of 5.5% to 6.5% of revenue. And if, as we accelerate revenue, if we're more and more successful, then I think we'll hold that ratio constant and continue to build muscle in the organization at least for the next couple of years.
Thomas M. Ray: And just to be clear, Jonathan, I think that somebody wrote something 1 month or 2 months ago about the potential upside to earnings based on if we were to get a PLR and put the cross-connect revenue inside the QRS. And we just urge people to be cautious about their enthusiasm around that underwriting, because today you can look at the amount of tax we've actually paid. The allocation of expenses into the TRS to date has meant we haven't paid huge taxes, that is certainly accelerating. We just urge people to be very disciplined about the math around that and we'll try and help in that regard as well.
Thomas M. Ray: Well, I was going to say we won't talk at all about the tenant. But at a high level, we're not hugely interested in leasing to competitive service offerings, that's for sure.
Thomas M. Ray: Yes, and Jeff will take you through in 1 minute, but to be clear, that ratio 17% to 19% is SG&A. We've been running G&A around 12%, it went to 13% in the Q because of some anomalies, but we think 12% is still a good run rate. Go ahead, Jeff.
Thomas M. Ray: John, I'm try think of the dollars around that, and I know we've provided that in the past and we're not -- I'm just not ready to do that right now because we haven't had any of that recently, so it's just not at the top of mind. But where we pay commissions, 99% of the time, are on larger deals where the customer effectively outsources the entire procurement and site selection process to a real estate service provider like a CB. And we're respectful. When the customers comes to us and says, I have 2 people in corporate real estate or 2 people in my operations group and I have 8,000 leases to take care of, so we'll use CB or Grubb or whoever, then we respect that, and those people get paid, and frankly that cost is baked into the deal. But those are pretty rare. And on the colo side of the business, it's incredibly rare that there's an outside hand to feed.
Thomas M. Ray: Just to make it simpler. We're just getting more of them. I know it's not simple learning the new language, but we think the language is simpler once it's baked in. And I think we'll probably not be as communicative as we have been in the past about specific addresses. Just out of respect for our customers.
Thomas M. Ray: And we certainly don't envision any other large office deals. That's just not our business. So this was a lease in the SV1 building at 55 South Market that was embedded in the portfolio when we went public, and the lease was executed. It's a good piece of business. I think it'll end up being quite valuable. But we went IPO and disclosed with probably an $8 million or $10 million TI obligation related to this lease, and we're just churning through it. I think when that is complete, I don't know what the right run rate is to think of, Jeff, but it's clearly a lot lower.
Thomas M. Ray: Even though it shows up as significant for a customer, the capacity is fairly well distributed, and we're not aware of -- I think we're fairly deep with these customers. It doesn't appear that anything that doesn't get renewed is going to be financially material.
Thomas M. Ray: Well, I think it's still a little bit further off, Dave. It's always on our minds, it's always on our board's mind of how do we best grow the company? And it's on the menu, there's no doubt. I would still say that it's a little bit further away. We don't have anything to message at all around that other than we just try to stay abreast and that's with a longer-term view.
Thomas M. Ray: Thank you. Thanks, again, to everyone for joining the call. We're pleased to have made all the changes we made last year and to keep our financial organization and our sales on track. Extremely excited by all the amazing talent that's joined the company. And we're going to work very hard this year to keep this thing going. Thanks for your time.
Jarrett Appleby: Yes, I think for what we're focused on, I think we've been talking a lot about the cloud and networking community. Again, that's part of the reason where we selected these sites in close proximity. It took a lot of years to build up the network density that we have over the years, and we continue to build on that. So from our side, it is differentiated. Folks are looking for an alternative to incumbents. We'd heard of others trying to move in this space. But again, I think it's going to take quite some time for you to build up the network density and choice and the ability to support digital content in the CloudCommunity like we have.
Jarrett Appleby: And Jordan, I think, we've been talking about the value of our platform. What's happened is we're getting a lot more of that. We're clearly focused on transaction level, but we are focused on our strategic account list. And when these opportunities opportunistically come up, what we can -- it's a win-win, we'll focus on that.
Jarrett Appleby: I think that's at the core of it and also having a relationship across multiple markets. We're in 9 markets today, so we really get to provide a value proposition across the platform. That's why a tuck-in like Denver made a lot of sense for us to bring the density there. But it also where we had a lot of those clients. They told us to go there. Another good example is L.A., where you have One Wilshire tethered in -- LA1 tethered into LA2, and we get that value proposition, and you'll see that in New York, with New York 1 tethered in with NY2 in Secaucus. So we build on those communities, and we make it easy to be in the city and also nearby and that's one of the big value propositions of Secaucus. It's right with those providers and our carriers and our CloudCommunity said they wanted to be there.
Jarrett Appleby: Yes, I think there's clearly some movement. I think a lot of it is there's just a lot more choice. There are more providers. I think the one you might be referencing was an early mover for small-medium enterprise, and now there's a lot more choice. I think where they are headed is in a lot more in these data center campuses, to take advantage of selling into these communities. So we're seeing an acceleration of choice and options for the client, and that's really what our initiatives around Open Cloud Exchange and our cloud-enabled campuses are to do what we've been focused on: Choice for networks, it's the same type of choice for cloud. So I just think it's accelerating it, and all the movement to outsourcing and workloads to the cloud, we're actually -- for folks in our community should see the benefits of that overall.
Jarrett Appleby: And you do have events that were unfortunate like Sandy, but it's accelerating things to nearby New York, and we hope to capture that -- those opportunities now, as well, as people look nearby.
Jarrett Appleby: So first of all, we definitely want to get consistent, solid growth in the sales and marketing engines. So it's still early days and we're still ramping up and getting that team productive and I think we were sharing with you, it takes 6 to 9 months. So the team's not off the hook. This is still, we're building that engine. But behind it, it really is bringing the cloud and networking community. And we talk about network-rich, cloud-enabled data center campuses and the products associated with that, and you're seeing some of the partners in the software side. We want to make it easy to connect and scale with the cloud on these campuses. And that brings, as Tom was talking about, the value of the communities. We have 750 customers today. Once you have those ingredients, the soil, the community can really develop in these campuses. So those are the kinds of relationships and partners that we want to do to augment that. And whether it's system integrator and MSP partners that can do it for the clients, or showing folks how to take advantage of these new software tools. It's a fundamental shift in architecture and we just have education to do in the community and that's kind of what we're driving next.
Jarrett Appleby: Hey, Jonathan, you're hitting it. Those trends in 111 8th and others are creating opportunities for us, as well. Some of the larger footprints that you also can't do in those legacy facilities are really being driven by the applications in high-performance cloud. So from a competitive benchmark, that's why we picked Secaucus. And I know folks have a lot of questions there, but the pricing is a lot firmer. You have a whole community of electronic trading right nearby. So the financial service firms, you see Amazon supporting in our facility. Direct Connect options and other cloud providers are coming to New York and New Jersey. So all those, I think, present opportunities for shifting key applications out of New York, and growing in these campuses like in Secaucus.
Jarrett Appleby: I think we've shared. We're about 80%, 85% there in terms of the investment. The next 2 quarters, we'll ramp up the rest within the range that Jeff provided, so that should be sufficient to build on this engine and get that going. And again, Jonathan, it takes 6 to 9 months to get them fully productive. We are hiring domain experts from the verticals and so they're bringing expertise in relationships and talk about the platform and it took a while to change the funnel out now to -- to now get to those right opportunities. And the marketing engine is just starting to kick in. You see some of our new messaging around the cloud and network in the Mesh, as we call it, that's happening here, and how the communities come together. And those are all building blocks that we'll continue to drive. I don't know how far we can go, Tom, with that but...
Jarrett Appleby: Well, John, what we do is, 1 of the things that we've learned is the value of sites, 9 sites that we have across North America, really provides a data center platform for services. It starts with the network service providers, so that would be a vertical, the network in mobile. And so we want to understand their business, and so we've created a sales and marketing team to understand what types of deployments, what type of value that we can provide. But we also support -- we have a vertical around digital content, cloud and IT services, system integrators and managed service providers and then enterprise, which is comprised of some of the emerging communities like health care and financial services and government, for example. So that's what we're doing. We're going to market through a vertical sales and marketing strategy and communicating and understanding their needs and what kinds of deployments and services that they need from us across North America.
Jarrett Appleby: You bet. I'll take the first question, Jonathan, on the TIs. We've given guidance that does show up in our supplemental on Page 21 that we -- I'm sorry, we didn't that break out separately for the TIs, but on average, that number is predominantly made up of TIs that we spend regarding 1 of our customers out in the Bay Area, in our office portfolio. It's our -- the lease was GSA/IRS. And so that varies a little bit, predominantly because of -- when we're incurring large dollars, it's predominantly related to that customer as we're doing a restack inside that building. We estimate that restack to be done hopefully at the latter part of this year, but I think we've estimated to be spending somewhere around $4 million to $8 million in that restack for 2013.
Jarrett Appleby: And then on part 2, Jonathan, in terms of the expansion projects, this is part of the benefit of the business model, is expanding these campuses when you have the momentum in Reston, in VA1, in VA2, you can build out literally in the parking lot. You get all the benefits of the networks and the cloud providers and the other enterprise and other clients in that center. You just extend and allow cross-connects. So there is a lot of demand still in Reston. You see that at Santa Clara with SV4, the same type of capabilities. And LA2 is really you are getting the benefit of the higher power density that you can't get in the One Wilshire facility. And so the tethering those together, essentially allowing you to connect to anyone: The network, the cloud providers, the digital content, the communities already built there. It's just room to grow, and they count on us to grow there. So it's just another phase to these campuses.
Jarrett Appleby: I think, first, if you -- Dave, if you benchmark it to the leader in the space, I mean, we grew 21% this year, 13% organically. You're seeing that movement, and I think we've guided where that is, where it is today, where we will see it for 2013. The key is to continue to build on this success. It does take a while to provide an alternative for the Internet and peering community. We continue to focus on private networks, network deployments and cloud deployments. And we think those are interconnection-rich over time and they take a while to grow. But again, we had 21% growth, was solid relative to our peer group. I do think there's a benefit, too, now, we're selling the entire portfolio to our customer base and selling them to expand in additional sites and really focus on those high-value customers. So yes, we are focused on those communities and interconnecting them and I think we're getting momentum.
Jarrett Appleby: Yes, I do -- I see continued growth here in these campuses. New York was a great market for interconnection and that's a great example why we went into Secaucus and we tether back into NY1 and downtown markets, to grow that, and by expanding these campuses, VA2 and LA2, you get the momentum in those markets to continue to grow your customer base who can interconnect to each other. So yes, it's still early days, but we're definitely focused on those network-rich performance applications going forward.
Jeffrey S. Finnin: Jonathan, I think the way to summarize where that all is, is that we're optimistic as we look into 2013. However, the ultimate resolution and the timing of that is not in our control. And so while we are optimistic, as soon as we have better clarity, it's something we'll give better guidance on.
Jeffrey S. Finnin: John, this Jeff. Yes, I think as we've disclosed in the past, managing the company somewhere around that target of 4x debt-to-EBITDA is consistent with what we've done -- said in the past and that's where we are today and as we continue to look out for it. I think when you look at our 2013 business plan, as we've laid out, in terms of our guidance, given our expansion of the credit facility, it's fair to think about things along the line that we will continue to fund our expansion by utilizing that credit facility. We've got plenty of liquidity to do so. However, we'll continue to monitor the markets and we want to be opportunistic as it relates to continuing to finance the company, but it's not something that we have as a high priority this year, but it's something we want to watch and see what happens to rates. I think in terms of the other options to us, you can see that we've paid off over the last couple of years a big portion of our secured debt. We still have 1 mortgage outstanding today. That's something that we have -- is available to us, but it does tie up our assets, and as we said on my comments, our goal is to free up those assets as we continue to look towards trying to get to investment grade rating for the company. We still have some scale to go, but it's something that we still have in mind. Obviously, unsecured debt is another avenue, but as you look out at the unsecured debt opportunity, it is something that takes a large amount of capital in order to go that route from the first issuance for somebody like CoreSite. You're talking somewhere around $250 million to $300 million at 1 time. So the line of credit helps us from the standpoint of, as we continue to expand capital, to do it in dribs as we need to on a quarter-by-quarter basis.
Jeffrey S. Finnin: I think that's what we've planned for. The other avenue, and I didn't mention it, but obviously we did a preferred stock offering just late last quarter. The nice thing about the preferred stock is that it allows you to issue some capital in smaller increments. As you saw, we did it about $115 million. And so that's another good avenue, but it's going to depend on pricing. We did it in the fourth quarter and took advantage of a good opportunity with low rates and a compressed spread that we wanted to take advantage of and executed on it, we thought, pretty well. And so that's another avenue depending upon the amount of capital we need as we look out to the landscape.
Jeffrey S. Finnin: Predominantly, when you look at our property operating, we've got separate disclosure for property operating and maintenance. Those are the dollars predominantly associated with our individuals in the field, as well as some of our power costs. And so when you look at our facilities teams and our operating teams, those are the individuals making sure our data centers are up and running 24/7. They're the individuals deploying some of our deployments and doing some of our hands-free, our remote hands activity. That's what's labeled in our property operating and maintenance dollars. And then we've got real estate taxes and insurance are separately broke out as well.
Jeffrey S. Finnin: They're distributed. We have most of the marketing organization, we've got some very strong talent now on the vertical side that we've been adding this quarter. We're hubbing that up here in Denver. But the sales force is primarily in the field with customers, except for some of the sales leadership team.
Jeffrey S. Finnin: And John, the other thing I'll point you to is if you look at Page 13 in our supplemental, in our reconciliation of FFO to AFFO, we do separately disclose those lease commissions. So to give you an idea of what the levels have been the past 5 quarters, you saw an uptick this quarter predominantly because of 1 or 2 larger deals that we did, but you can see the numbers in there.
Jeffrey S. Finnin: Dave, it's Jeff. Yes, what we disclosed back there is just an average remaining term on those customers. But you can see that the average is less than 12 months. There's multiple leases within each of those customers. I would say that on 1 of them, we've got a couple of renewals. One's already done, one's getting ready to be finalized, and on the other, we're working through it. But at this point, we're working through with the ones that have come up or will come up here in the near future. So I think we expect most of them to be renewed, but we're still looking through the majority of 1 of them.
Jeffrey S. Finnin: Yes. Jordan, this Jeff. Yes, that's what I had mentioned in my prepared remarks, is our estimate for the revenue growth was 9% to 13% for 2013.
Jeffrey S. Finnin: I think if you recall in the comments, what we said earlier was as, Jarrett alluded to, we had strong growth in 2012, and obviously, that is a mix of both price and volume. And I would say that a majority of the increases coming in 2013, that, that's substantially weighted towards volumes for 2013.
Jeffrey S. Finnin: Yes, that's a great, great question. We actually had, in the fourth quarter, we had our typical processes to monitor and true up our CAM reimbursements and that got taken care of in the fourth quarter. I want to point out that, that resulted in probably an additional $0.01 per share for the fourth quarter of 2012, and so keep that in mind as you guys are modeling things on a go-forward basis. So call it about $500,000 in the fourth quarter associated with that item. In addition, also in our revenue, we had probably another $500,000 associated with a, what I would call, a onetime item where we had some holdover revenue from one of our customers. It's not something we would expect to recur on a go-forward basis. That was probably another $0.01 in our revenue item for the quarter. And the other thing that we mentioned also in my prepared remarks was, as you look forward into 2013, keep in mind, the preferred stock has an impact of about $0.025 per quarter as we head into 2013. So, as I said in my remarks it was about $0.10 for the year.
Jeffrey S. Finnin: Yes, I think it's fair to say the element that we booked in the fourth quarter is predominantly related to what I'd call kind of your state and local taxes. That's the amount that does not relate to federal. We've taken cared of what we needed to for 2012 in the previous quarters on federal, and due to some of the changes in tax law that occurred right at the beginning of this year, it came -- it was favorable to us. And so as you look at that amount for the fourth quarter, that's really staked in state and local taxes.
