Steven Smith: Yes. Thanks, Dave. I guess the short answer is it doesn't provide any concern as to where we are with any slowdown. I think we are being, and continue to be, disciplined about how we're first to marketplace in pricing. So that's a key aspect of this. But as we mentioned in the prerecorded remarks there, it's really around how do we target the right tenants, those that are going to value low latency and interconnection. And as we establish those building blocks, to your point, we continue to look to those right logos that will complement that as well as value that, and that continues to be our strategy. So as far as overall volume is concerned, we continue to drive more focus there, and we expect to see those results to increase.
Steven Smith: Yes, as far as power densities are concerned, we do see some applications that are requiring higher density overall. We feel that that's fairly consistent quarter-over-quarter, though. So I think as equipment and customers get better utilizing their power as well as gear gets more efficient in using that power, you'll see that climb up a bit over time. But nothing dramatic that we've seen, just a continued march towards that better utilization.
Steven Smith: The only other thing I would add there, Jordan, is that as we've put together these projects not only to -- as we determine the scale of each individual project but also the underwriting of it, we factored in some of the pricing that's needed in order to get those off the ground in order to get the ultimate returns out of that project. So we feel like we're well positioned in order to compete and still drive the returns that we need to.
Steven Smith: Yes, Jonathan. As far as renewal spreads are concerned, it is a cause and focus for us to ensure that we are maximizing the opportunity there but also being fair to our customers, and we feel like we strike that balance. We do have a fair amount of customers that came due this year that we were successful in marking to market, so we continue to look at those individually. And as we also have constrained space to make sure that we're getting the most return out of the space available. So that continues to be a focus for us. But overall, we seem to be in balance with where market conditions are. And also, as you look at the churn, we seem to be striking that balance fairly well. As far as interconnection growth is concerned, the primary factor that we've seen is really in the connection to cloud so we've highlighted that on prior calls and that continues to be the trajectory that we're seeing right now and we look to see that continue in the foreseeable future.
Steven Smith: Yes, sure. As I mentioned earlier, the primary driver that we see, so far anyway and has been on the trail, has been related to those enterprises that are connecting the cloud as well as network to network. So a lot of enterprises that are connected to both networks and to cloud customers. We do have several SDN providers that are built out within our buildings. One of those is PacketFabric, another is Megaport, as you mentioned. And they are driving some of that interconnection as well. But so far, not a material amount.
Steven Smith: It's really a mix of that. It is difficult, which is one of the great things about our model, to pull somebody out of an existing collocation provider. So winning those new logos especially as they transition to an outsourced model is a great opportunity for us, which seems to be the primary driver for those new logos but there is some that we win from other providers as well. But I would say, without having the exact numbers in front of me, the majority of those new logos are moving from an existing space that they may already operate to outsourcing to a collo provider for the first time.
Steven Smith: Yes. With respect to Miami, I do think that provides us an opportunity there. As we've mentioned in prior calls, we had some space that came back to us that gives us the opportunity to lease up again. And with some of the changes in the competitive landscape there, I think it actually gives us a greater opportunity to lease up there as well as access to Latin America and so forth. So we continue to drive more focus there. We're also looking to make some slight improvements to the site there that I think will make it more appealing for customers, so it is a focus for us.
Steven Smith: Yes. And Michael, this is Steve. I would just kind of reiterate that point that Virginia has always been very competitive. There's always been a lot of competitors in that market as well as inventory that comes online. The absorption still seems to be holding strong there. But as Paul mentioned, I do think we have a good story to tell there, being a strong interconnection story that's not in Ashburn but still within that net market that provides low latency, scalability but an alternative to Ashburn being in Reston. So we do see even some of the bigger cloud providers that have deployed in the Ashburn market that are looking for an alternative to provide redundancy and other on-ramps, and that's been a good story so far for us.
Steven Smith: And the only other thing I would add is as we look at the overall absorption rate as well as the competitive dynamics in the market, just trying to align those things to obviously maximize return but also look at, as Paul mentioned, the overall value to the ecosystem, both in terms of rent and power margin but also interconnection and the overall attractiveness that they might bring to other entities that we would want to sell to.
Steven Smith: Just to give you a little bit more color there as well. I think it really depends on the market as to whether there's additional inventory that's being built there or in some cases, there's been some customer churn from some of our competitors that drives them to be more aggressive and try and back fill that space. So overall, to Paul's point, I think it's been very balanced. I don't see anything irrational in the market at this point. It just -- we just want to make sure that we stay to our strategy. We're disciplined about it and so far, that seems to be holding.
Jeffrey Finnin: Obviously, the public bond market is always an option, and we watch that market and that pricing closely. Having said that, you saw the recent execution actually that was just priced yesterday by one of our peers in the public bond market. And I think that data point, together with some of the other data we see in terms of trading pricing of some of the other public bond issuers, is something we'll take into consideration. But I think we're able to get better pricing in the private market today. At least we were -- last April when we went out, last test of the market, we hope that's the same as we again look at trying to do something again the first half of '18 but is something we'll have to watch closely.
Jeffrey Finnin: And Dave, the only other data point I'd give you if you just take a longer look at what's happened to density, just call it, over maybe the last 2 years, you have seen an increase in overall power densities across at least our portfolio. But this quarter was even higher than what we've seen there. That's obviously why Steve wanted to point it out in the prepared remarks.
Jeffrey Finnin: Yes, Jordan. I think today, we've got guidance out there for this year to be, I think, it's $250 million to $290 million range, so midpoint of 3 -- I'm sorry, midpoint of $270 million. In the prepared remarks, I actually highlighted that we would expect CapEx for 2018 to be about $250 million to $300 million. So at the midpoint, right on top of what we expect to ultimately spend in 2017.
Jeffrey Finnin: Jonathan, it's Jeff. I'm just going to add some commentary and I'll then turn it over to Steve to give you a little bit more details. But one thing I just wanted to make sure we recalled is when we gave guidance at the beginning of this year, we tried to highlight that we expected our cash mark-to-market to be fairly flat or at the lower end of our range in the first half and then to be elevated in the second half. And so based on the third quarter results, it's right in line with what we expected, and so we weren't surprised by it. But that's -- I just wanted to highlight that to make sure you guys were aware of what we expected to happen during the year. Steve can give you some additional commentary related to your other questions.
Jeffrey Finnin: Yes. Yes, let me talk a little bit about -- I think what you're looking at is probably guidance for 2017 that we have provided. I think as you think about the fourth quarter, we -- obviously, we chose not to change our guidance for the fourth quarter for the remainder of 2017 just given where we were in the year. Having said that, I think it's important to think about as you look at it for operating revenues, adjusted EBITDA and FFO per share that we would likely be at the upper end of our current guidance ranges. I just wanted to add that additional commentary just as you guys think about the fourth quarter.
Jeffrey Finnin: Yes. I mean, I think we're just under 18% year-to-date, so we would agree we would be probably at the upper end, probably exceeding the upper end of our guidance range given what we've got out there today.
Jeffrey Finnin: And Colby, just related to your second question around the stabilized square feet, that decrease of about 9,000 square feet really just relates to some of the churn that we experienced in the quarter. And the churn that we experienced in that decrease was largely a result of some move-outs we had at Chicago.
Jeffrey Finnin: Yes. No, Colby, the recurring CapEx that we expect to invest in the fourth quarter specifically related to that chiller plant is about, we said, $8 million to $10 million in the fourth quarter. And so that will only impact AFFO. That does not impact our -- I'm sorry, does not impact our FFO, just AFFO.
Jeffrey Finnin: And Sami, the only other commentary I would add, and we mentioned this on the last call, and it's fairly consistent again this quarter, Steve touched on this earlier in regards to the interconnections being driven by our cloud providers. That growth rate of those companies connected to cloud providers is probably 2 to 3 times higher than what we're seeing in the fiber cross connect volume, just from a volume perspective, just to give you some perspective on what we're seeing inside the vertical mix.
Paul Szurek: Jordan, this is Paul. We view these investments as having the same potential returns that we have always historically targeted. And as you know, that is based upon the fact that our space is not commodity space but leverages off our network nodes and our model of providing scalable higher density capacity, more efficient capacity close to, i.e., interconnected to our network nodes. So I view these as continuations of our historical development strategy and return targets.
Paul Szurek: Consistent with historical practice, I believe so. The preleasing activity really heats up right around the time that you break ground for your vertical buildings. We expect the same here. And historically, a lot of our pre-leasing is to just coming from customers who need to expand in place in our existing campuses, and we see a lot of those same trends continuing with these projects which is why we're excited about moving forward with them.
Paul Szurek: Like most of our peers, when it comes to that type of activity, it's better to talk less until you actually execute something. But I think we've been fairly clear that our business model is based on the campus model, and whatever we do in any city like Chicago or Denver will be consistent with that model.
Paul Szurek: I think that they're fairly rare. I mean this one came about because we were expanding LA2 anyway and needed to add additional chiller capacity, and that gave us the opportunity to actually upgrade all the chillers at the same time and achieve a much higher energy efficiency and significant savings. And so really -- it really is a great return on investment. So that doesn't happen very often where replacement calendars can be accelerated in conjunction with a new build. But in this case, it's very attractive.
Paul Szurek: So thank you for the question. I believe we mentioned after the last dividend raise that we expected to review the dividend biannually, and I expect that our board will continue to follow that approach.
Paul Szurek: I mean, I guess that's a good way to look at it. It's ultimately a board decision, so I can't say any more than that.
Paul Szurek: The answer to your second question, we continue to look at other markets where we can deploy a campus model, but we're not looking to enter the race for undifferentiated collo in any other market. But we do continue to look for new market opportunities.
Paul Szurek: As I said in my remarks, we don't see any serious degradation in pricing. But it has been moderately impacted by the competition, the new development that's out there, I think, probably in the range of 5% to 10%. Although that's hard to estimate because products and solutions differ significantly. Having said that, it -- in line with right now the way Steve describe that we underwrite our new investments and our preleased economics. So we feel good about that. And a lot of the -- being the only network node in Reston, which provides diversity to the Ashburn route and Ashburn network node, we don't see quite as much of that. And so probably can't provide as much color as to what's going on in Ashburn and Manassas as some of the other companies can.
Paul Szurek: I believe that we are significantly above average in total dollars in our development pipeline. But as a percentage of our total assets, probably similar or maybe even...
Paul Szurek: Yes. But in terms of accelerating it, we've always been glad to accelerate when the market allowed that, and there is some possibility for that in all of these developments, but it's hard to predict the certainty at this time.
Paul Szurek: So one of the difficulties in predicting precise timing relates to the advantages of developing in these markets. They're not easy to develop in, which creates natural barriers to entry. The regulatory scheme is part of that and it sometimes -- or always difficult to predict exactly when you will receive permits. In my comments, I gave you, and in our other materials, we've given you guidance as to when we think these projects will commence. Typically, once they are commenced and in our current construction model, it will take 9 to 12 months to completion and the commencement of revenue generation. And that's the best we can do in terms of predicting timing right now.
Paul Szurek: Typically, especially in markets where we -- are space constrained until new developments come up, we adhere to a very good discipline on pricing and also a customer discipline. So we target that space to those customers that we perceive as being healthier, long run for the ecosystem, stickier, more likely to grow, generate more cross connects and attract other customers to the ecosystem.
Paul Szurek: I don't think it's irrational behavior so much. I think that people perceive these as good markets with good, long-term supply and demand characteristics. Demand is still growing right now. But there is a lot that's been started recently, maybe a slightly greater supply than demand growth relative to historical. And so -- and there are more participants doing that in some of these markets, and so that usually leads to more competitive pricing.
Paul Szurek: Thank you. Thanks to everybody on the call for their interest in the company and for the opportunity to answer your questions. I just like to close by thanking my colleagues throughout the company for their excellent efforts, another good quarter. And we very much look forward to the future. We love our business model. We love our team. Our customer communities are understanding and growing in the right way. And the future for us looks very promising.
