Derek McCandless: Thank you. Hello, everyone, and welcome to our third quarter 2015 conference call. I'm joined here today by Tom Ray our President and CEO, Steve Smith, our Senior Vice President, Sales and Marketing; and Jeff Finnin, our Chief Financial Officer. As we begin our call, I would like to remind everyone that our remarks on today's call may include forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws, including statements regarding projections, plans or future expectations. These forward-looking statements reflect current views and expectations, which are based on currently available information and management's judgment. We assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements and we can give no assurance that the expectations will be obtained. Actual results may differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements and may be affected by a variety of risks and uncertainties including those set forth in our SEC filings. Also, on this conference call, we refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures such as funds from operation, reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures are available in the supplemental information that is part of the full earnings release, which can be accessed on the Investor Relations pages of our website at, CoreSite.com. And now I will turn the call over to Tom.
Derek McCandless: Thanks Jordan. I think at a high level, just pays to think of what we’ve been communicating in terms of our priorities for capital. So, really if you look at the markets we're in right now and where we’ve had the most absorption, then do that math and look at how much is remaining to be available to either be developed or remain to be sold right now that’s already turnkey that points you to where we’re focused. I think we’ve had accelerated leasing in Virginia VA2. The SV7 building is the last building available to be built on our current landholdings in Santa Clara. It’s a big building, but it is the last one. We're running short in Chicago. So, same list of suspects and we’re just evaluating what are the opportunities for investment and what are our returns and we're just working through all that with our board, but I think the easiest way to think of where we’re going to spend our time is in line with those capital deployment priorities that we’ve been articulating. And we just don’t have anything specific to say right now other than, we're 2.9 times levered. We have capacity to keep growing. We have some markets where we’ve had success that we’re getting lean and we're just trying to be economically rational about what to do about that picture.
Derek McCandless: Well, no change to Pat's comments. All things being equal, more markets are better, but I don't think that’s a hugely meaningful driver for us. And in particular, if you look at this Q, which I think is not that different from past Qs we are attracting a global customer base here in the States. I think we’re effective with platform requirements and we just don't feel meaningfully disadvantaged because of the market coverage. We feel like we’re in the best places in the U.S. with a vast majority of them with the most data center demand in the country that we’re addressing through our portfolio. So, we are pleased with our ability to keep growing in the markets we are currently in and on a risk-adjusted basis that’s highly attractive. That’s not to say that something else might be attractive at some point in time, but the table that is set before us is good and plentiful.
Derek McCandless: And keep in mind Jordan that the mark-to-market stat is leases that were in the portfolio at the end of the Q and that renewed so that stat does not pick up selling to new customers.
Derek McCandless: I think those accruals are for two different items and when you look at the amounts, I don't think they are game changers for the company but we felt it appropriate to take some reserves against two different items. And they are unrelated.
Derek McCandless: I think it’s difficult to predict. In general, we don’t have much litigation at the same time you have some the bigger a company gets you’ve got slip and falls, you’ve got all kinds of stuff out there and it is hard to predict. I think it’s rare that a company of any size never has anything and I think it’s equally rare that we’ve had anything material.
Steven Smith: Yeah, Jordan this is Steve. It’s really a combination of both of those things. We're seeing obviously strength in the marketplace that allows us to hold rent and that’s encouraging, but we're also seeing better traction in those smaller deployments which we built in some other renewals that help us in that regard, but overall renewals seem to be solid so we’re pleased with both sides of the equation.
Steven Smith: Sure, Jonathan. This is Steve. I’ll give you my comments and then I'll let Tom wrap up, but in general I would say that it’s of greater interest for the enterprises to want to have that connectivity flexibility within our data center. So, we work to provide that flexibility across our open cloud exchange and with the reconnect and various other providers, so that’s driving a lot of activity on our end to make sure that we accommodate that from an enterprise perspective. But we’re also seeing greater interest from the other side from the cloud providers wanting to connect back into those enterprises so between the two, we’re at a very nice place in the marketplace where we’re in between those two and being able to provide those connections. So, we look at it to be a continued focus for us as we go forward in part of the value proposition that we built into our data centers. So, I think it will continue to materialize and something will be continued focus for us as we go forward.
Steven Smith: Yeah, Jonathan, just to give you a little bit of color around the $8 million, I would say roughly 60% of that amount relates to external commissions, the rest of it are internal and of that external piece, a major component of that related to a single multi-market new logo that we signed during the quarter and anticipate commencing in Q4.
Steven Smith: Yeah, I guess just to give you a little bit more color, that particular, for the one particular transaction is a transaction whereby the lease or the commission amounts will be paid out over the life of the particular term of that deployment as we collect cash from our particular customer. And so while it will be paid over a period of the customers’ term, the supplemental reflects the entire amount that we anticipate paying out over that period of term just so you have an understanding of how that works. We provided some additional disclosure inside the supplemental in our definition just to make sure that gets cleared up for people.
Steven Smith: Yeah, I would say from the M&A deal that you’re discussing, I haven't seen a whole lot of difference in the marketplace relative to how we’re competing and how they're showing up as of yet. That may change over time but as it sits today, nothing material.
Steven Smith: And then Jonathan on the second one, I think in terms of I guess what the number of deals that would be coming through I think you said the channel and/or broker, I think on average it’s going to vary based on and it’s good to be driven by the size of those leases, but on average it’s anywhere between 10% to 20% is what we would typically see. That’s typically what we’ve seen over the last several years in terms of number of leases.
Steven Smith: Yeah, sure. This is Steve. I'm going to start off here. I think we are attracting a fair share or maybe more than our fair share of the activity in that marketplace driven by increased strength in the enterprise space and just increasing the value in our hubs in LA and DC and so forth. But I think just the overall industry is seeing significant growth as you've seen in recent reports on the news that the value of Cross Connects and the interconnection strengthen the marketplace. So that’s just driving more and more connectivity to the data centers in general but I think we’re seeing a pretty good share of that come to our data centers which is great.
Steven Smith: Yeah, I would just say that we haven’t seen that shelf in our pipeline as of yet, so we keep a close eye on it and we monitor and try to adjust to it but all those factors are important. But at this point we haven't seen them show up in our pipeline.
Steven Smith: Sure. I’ll start off with give you my perspective. This is Steve. I think it varies pretty broadly across the various cloud providers out there. We’ve seen over the past several years cloud providers come and go, some that have over provisioned and not seen the demand and had their gear be antiquated and not competitive and we’ve seen others be much more measured and seen better adoption. So the big players out there are much better at it and they will come in and build out and then plan on scaling from there and that is part of our value proposition is being able to accommodate that scale. It has been a mix but I think many of the cloud providers have gotten much smarter over the past couple of years as to what they deploy and how they measure that growth and as adoption comes along with it. so it seem to be maturing and with that maturity we’ve seen more consistency.
Steven Smith: The other thing I would add is, we do have very good relationships with many of the largest cloud providers and we do work with them on a continual basis. As far as how we start and ultimately formalize those relationships, it is a mutual interest so they want to have access to our customers, we want to have access to their cloud and as I mentioned earlier that makes pretty easy conversation, how we get there varies from cloud provider to provider but we are all interested in the same thing.
Thomas Ray: I think it’s very early innings still, we’re just measured by cross connection to what extent our enterprise is connecting into the clouds. We’ve had one of the large public clouds, their providers who’s been with us longer than others and I’d say the first year they didn't, we didn't see a lot of enterprise take up around that offering. I see over the last year, we’ve seen it connections accelerate pretty meaningfully. That said it’s still relatively small compared to the size of our company or all cross connects here, so I would say that we are starting to see it in the more mature deployments, but I still think it’s very early.
Thomas Ray: Jonathan, just the simple I guess the clearest thing we can say is the meaningful transaction to which Jeff referred is with an agent rather than a real estate broker, it’s more of the telecom based agent on a longer-term multi-market deal and our work with our auditors and internally with our team pointed toward capitalizing all of those payments even though we paid that agent as we received the money over a longer term, capitalizing that and then accruing it as a liability since we haven't paid the cash. So, if you are trying to, as I think most people are trying to look at AFFO on a cash basis, a big chunk of the AFFO is frankly a noncash item in this quarter.
Thomas Ray: It’s leasing. Our churn has been in line, our mark-to-market has been in line, so it’s really leasing. There you have it.
Thomas Ray: I think you are seeing some increase in the share that is non- carrier related or put differently enterprise to enterprise, enterprise to cloud, but the majority still remains involving a carrier.
Thomas Ray: We are kind of the same. ExpressRoute with us is number one, [indiscernible] the number two and it’s currently only on the exchange and that’s the request of the service provider. So I'm not sure how to answer it. There is a fair amount of – sorry.
Thomas Ray: And with Direct Connect, that’s accurate. The majority of connections into Direct Connect are via Cross Connect. And with [indiscernible] to different animal right now because of how they have come to market in our portfolio.
Thomas Ray: First on pricing, Dave, I think we haven't seen material changes in the market and as such we have been as you've said inching and marking our portfolio closer and closer to market but I haven't seen the market change a lot. So that's - that one. And regarding the cloud, Cross Connect to the cloud, I think that was in the context of may be responding to Jonathan around, to what extent is the enterprise really adopting the cloud? So we’ve had - one of our early cloud partners, we have seen significant growth in Cross Connects for that partner from enterprise over the last year. That total volume is still not tremendously, it is still not material I think related to our total Cross Connect base. So if you think about the Cross Connect business I wouldn’t describe anything material to that, it’s a higher growth rate but often the smaller base.
Thomas Ray: Sure. I guess related to the capacity and room to run inside the portfolio, first we focus on earnings and for the extent capacity is a component of that, it is certainly is a component but we are really focused on earnings growth and I would say over the last couple of years we have had spots where we have been very tight in some markets and more capacity in others. I don’t expect that to change. I think there may be some markets where we get reasonably thin but we really do look at our planning and we try to look pretty hard out five years, what is the growth of earnings of the company and in the near term, we believe there remains a good opportunity for the organization, a good market opportunity and a good physical platform and a good balance sheet inside the company to maintain healthy growth rates. That is our belief. We are certainly not trying to – we are very aware of not running out of space everywhere and not being able to grow. We are measured and we plan pretty carefully and there are soft spots from time to time in some markets and over the years we have been able to navigate that pretty well.
Thomas Ray: Matt, is going to really be a combination of the two I think. When you look at the overall growth in the MRR per cab-e, historically we’ve talked a little bit about and we haven’t seen a meaningful change that typically about 75% of that growth from the MMR per cab-e comes from increases in power and cross connects. The other 25% is coming from the rent component. And so while there are escalations, cash escalations inside most of our contracts or I should say majority of our contracts that helps drive that to some extent but the lion’s share of that growth continues to come from both increases in power and cross connects.
Thomas Ray: I think overall I’d say ballpark-ish is 3% of a relatively on an annual basis a relatively good data point.
Thomas Ray: In bringing them in, I don’t recall that we’ve ever paid a cloud provider to launch inside our platform and it really just comes from how do we get them but we have long-standing relationships with these companies. We have people who work together with their people for years. And I just think those discussions start fairly early in the product planning cycle and it is a – that’s the process, that is it. We have not signed anything, CoreSite has not signed anything that locks any cloud provider out of announcing or working with other parties in the marketplace so that dynamic does not apply to CoreSite.
Thomas Ray: How we deploy capital and how we think about our investment returns is certainly a key topic for the Board and for the Executive Team as we think about the strategy. There are times when that strategy is pretty well set for the next year, year and a half and as such we don't talk about it quite as much. There are times when there is more to talk about but we maintain a good discipline around thinking about how to invest, we are a capital intensive business and our Board is very rigorous and disciplined about staying up to speed on our strategies and helping us think through those things. So I can’t quantify - it ebbs and flows with the needs of the company but it never goes away because we never stop thinking about it.
Thomas Ray: Yes, let me see if I can give you some color as best as I can Jon. I guess somewhat as I said in my prepared remarks as we look out over the next call at nine months through June 30 of next year is kind of where we're looking from a timing perspective between now and then and ultimately it’s going to depend on the things that really matter to us which is maintaining flexibility so that we can continue to trend towards that investment grade rating. And maintaining an unsecured instrument is obviously key from our perspective. As you’ve seen we like to maintain a balance between fixed versus variable price debt and then obviously maintain an appropriate debt maturity stack in whatever it is we do. In terms of conversations with rating agencies, we meet with the rating agencies at least once a year with each of them, the main ones to make sure that we stay in front of them. We learn from how they are looking at things, how they look at the industry and importantly so they also understand what CoreSite is doing, has done and ultimately probably more importantly where we are headed. And so we have those conversations in terms of actually timing around a rating. That will really depend on when it is needed or sometime before it is needed but nothing at this point in time is concrete.
Thomas Ray: You bet. I just want to respond to the prior question or about the growth rates and escalators built into our contracts et cetera. I want to make sure we are clear. You could hear what we shared as – if you have 3% escalators on rent and you are getting four on your mark-to-market and how can you be getting any more than a point on power and interconnection, and I think that would be - if we’ve led towards that I think we’ve misled you guys. It has been an incorrect analysis. What is key inside the MMR per cab-e is we’ve been adding a lot of wholesale into the mix over the last couple of years, so the escalators are in the smaller agreements and the wholesale is typically at a lower MMR per cab-e than the rest of our business. So I think in general when you see wholesale, a flag of wholesale coming in because of a round of new development but you are still seeing reasonable strength in the MMR per cab-e. Generally speaking I think what you have is very solid strength in MMR per cab-e inside the transaction engine in the performance sensitive side of our business being diluted by wholesale. And so I just want to make sure we're super clear about the component of MMR per cab-e. It is a moving base with more wholesale having come in over the last couple of years and that has muted what you might have otherwise seen from the rest of the portfolio, escalators, cross connects, break or power et cetera. I just wanted to touch on that to make sure we are clear.
Thomas Ray: So with that, I think we’ll wrap it up and just want to say thank you to everybody for taking time with us on the call today and for following the company and working hard to understand what we're doing and where we're trying to go. We will keep working hard. We are very grateful for our people here at CoreSite to drive our success and for the customers to keep putting their faith in us. Thanks again, we will talk to you soon.
Jonathan Atkin: Thanks. So I was interested in any noticeable change in the demand or activity in your business as a result of the large M&A deal that recently closed and then, related to the commissions question, overall if you could talk about how much of your leasing is a result of direct sales to customers versus indirect channels? Thanks.
Jonathan Atkin: Open cloud exchange versus the cloud specific on-ramps that you’ve got like an ExpressRoute and Direct Connect and then perhaps a few others.
Jonathan Atkin: Go-ahead. I thought that those might be separate particularly in the case of say Direct Connect where some of that might come directly from the customer onto that cloud rather than through your CS platform.
