Jeff Finnin: This is Jeff. I guess couple of things as you may recall from the first quarter, we had very strong growth, at my recollection it was somewhere around 24% so the change this quarter -- I should say the growth last quarter was strong and ultimately led to us increasing our guidance on the interconnection growth last quarter. My recollection is today our guidance related to interconnection revenue growth is 17% to 19% for the full year. I think based on our visibility today and performance in the first half, we would expect our overall growth this year to be at that top of that range or slightly ahead of it. So just keep that in mind as you factor in the rest of the year.
Jeff Finnin: Dave, I don’t think it's going to have a significant impact. Obviously, it's incorporated into our guidance for the rest of the year, but nothing significant that would stand out.
Jeff Finnin: Barry, when we entered the year, our guidance suggested that our adjusted EBITDA margins would be relatively flat as it was compared to 2015. When you look at the performance year-to-date, we have continued to expand those margins. And in largely that, that margin expansion is coming because of the greater than expected growth from our interconnection business. I guess as Tom suggested that can be a little bit lumpy from quarter-to-quarter, but it's obviously something we continue to focus on and watch. And if we can continue to expand those margins for the rest of the year, I think we’d be pleasantly pleased I guess in that outcome. It's something we’re watching closely. But the guidance as you sit here today suggest year-end, I guess, overall margins I think at 52.6% and that’s where the guidance is to give you some idea as you look forward.
Jeff Finnin: Well, I think if you look back over the past five plus years since going public, our average spend and total CapEx has ranged -- or on average is probably been around $140 million to $150 million. There are couple of years, 2016 been one, where we’re guiding to about $265 million where we clearly spent well more than that average. But I think that long-term average is something better to look at as you think about capital for 2017. And obviously we’ll give further and full guidance probably in connection with our Q4 call, probably in February. But I think that’s a good way to look at it based on what we’ve done historically.
Jeff Finnin: Good morning Matt. If you just look at the guidance, I’ll just walk you through the increases in revenue. If you look at it on a per share counts, we’re up $0.03 per share in the revenue guidance. That’s largely attributable to the interconnection product and the growth of that business that we’ve messaged. As I mentioned earlier, our guidance coming to this quarter was we expected growth of somewhere around 17% to 19% as you continue to think of the business and the next six months, we believe that that growth will be at the top end or slightly ahead of that, top end of that range. And so that’s largely attributing to the outperformance on the revenue. Secondly on adjusted EBITDA and then FFO, you can see the increase is equal about $0.04 per share, which ultimately is our increase at the midpoint of guidance. And that’s largely because we’re contributing and have the revenue growth flow through higher than anticipated coming to this year, and that’s based on some product mix and getting better margins than what we anticipated through various of our products. And so all that combined leads you to the $0.04 increase at the FFO line.
Tom Ray: Yes, I think no change to our past comments over the last several quarters. For the larger public clouds that are more mature in the marketplace, we have seen consistent acceleration and that continues. And I’d say the larger main brand public clouds that are newer in rolling out into the marketplace certainly appear to be following the same trajectory of the larger clouds that came in earlier. So the signs are positive for the newer entrants. The momentum of the established folks is very, very solid and it's continuing. And so we’re optimistic that, that virtual cycle will continue. There is reason to have faith that it will.
Tom Ray: Well, certainly nothing specific to Akamai. I think in the CDN space in general, the impact on the data center world is, I think, largely a shift. You see dedicated CDNs losing some share to other integrated providers, such as the telcos moving more to the CDN space, as well as enterprises becoming more active on their own CDN platforms. So, somewhere that information needs to connect to the rest of the world and the servers that host it and process it need a place to be fired up. So, I think the overall demand from CDN activities is in the marketplace, you know, continues to be meaningful and continues to grow meaningfully. I do think some of it could be in the hands of what historically were not traditional providers. And we’ll see how that space shakes out. But I think the activity of CDN remains very solid for the multicenter data center world.
Tom Ray: The rate of deceleration in copper has remained very consistent. It's kind of 3% annual decline and still in that, around that number. On the logical side, the logical can be a little bit more lumpy because it's a smaller base. So we’ve had quarters where it's been 50%, 52%. This quarter was in the 30s. I wouldn’t draw much from that. It's a strongly growing product set and I think the all signs suggest that it has the opportunity to continue to grow very strongly. And on the fiber side, I saw somebody's note this morning saying hey, we really focus on the annual. And I would encourage people to do that. The Q-on-Q can have some, a little bit of lumpiness, not like the wholesale leasing. But in Q1, we had a larger move-in from one customer on fiber cross connection. In Q2, we had one customer turned down more than normal. And so there is two quarters just have a little bit of shift dissonance in them. We don’t read anything into that in a bigger picture, and we’ll leave it to everybody else to do what they think they need to do with that information.
Tom Ray: Well, I think, there is a chunk of spec supply either on the drawing boards or permitted or breaking ground, ready to come into market. I think the volume of that isn’t frankly materially different than it's been over the average of the longer trail. So, I think the real question for the overall health in the Bay Area is this question of hyper-skilled demand, and we do think that will be lumpy, and if it continues unabated, as it has over the trailing 12 to 18 months, through the forward 12 to 18 months, probably going to see a steady healthy market. If some of the hyper-skilled cloud guys have a full belly at the moment and slow down for a little while and that’s not backfilled in the next 12 months by other uses at that same volume, then I think supply may get a little out in front of take up, and we’ll see some softening and that’s that.
Tom Ray: I don’t believe so, Jordan. I mean, you’ve seen the comments from Rob Stuckey and from Paul. And these are people who’ve been with company for a long time and guiding and helping form the strategy. The Board remains intact. The senior leadership team remains intact. And I think everybody is just looking forward to roll in the same direction and everybody believes in what the Company has accomplished in the past. So look, I’d be really surprised if there were anything off the beam going forward.
Tom Ray: Paul is the permanently appointed President and CEO. And I think the process is -- it's internal to the Board. It’s I think very well considered, very well thought through. Our succession planning across the organization and in the CEO spot has been I think a constant effort by the Board and the leadership team. And very mindful of that practices and there you have it. I mean, I think the Board’s decision was enormously well considered and thoughtful, and Paul is the guy going forward.
Tom Ray: Well, I think consistent with our comments on the trail. The areas that are of the highest consideration are North Virginia and the Bay Area. North Virginia I think leading that. We have less available inventory relative to our trailing absorption there than the Bay area. So, those are two of our largest markets. And obviously they are a key source of interest and opportunity going forward. And as we’ve said in the past I think there are several opportunities in each market to continue a position and continue the platform for growth in the organization. And we’ve been working purposely as we’ve said and we’re optimistic about finding and executing upon additional growth opportunities for the organization. As I said last quarter, I am not concerned that we’re going to wake up and go gee, why don’t, we have any ability to grow in these markets. We’re conducting ourselves accordingly and we’ll keep everybody posted as anything definitely comes up.
Tom Ray: Really, circle back to what we shared on the IPO road show. We really look in terms of how many kilowatts or square feet are available in our inventory as opposed to what our occupancy percentage is. So, six years ago with a very small base in the market, 15% availability might have met, we have just enough to do couple of 1.5 meg deals and to continue to feed our co-location program. With a much bigger base in a given market, we might be able to accomplish those same growth objectives with a much higher occupancy ratio. And so it's really about kilowatts and square feet than percent, and that the organization gets larger and we have more mass in markets and we’re getting more scale and efficiency by market. We have the opportunity to drive up our 50 percentage and I think that’s going to continue to be a focus for the Company.
Tom Ray: I think at a high level, circle back to what the strategy going forward I think it's very consistent with the strategy in the past. And as you’ve seen the Company’s trading behavior, we’ve hit the wholesale market when spot pricing was very attractive, or when we had new larger developments in any given market. And as I’ve talked in my prepared remarks about the next six to 12 months, we still have another big building hitting the market in that time frame. Pricing is still favorable at the moment in the Bay Area, but we’ve done a fair amount of wholesale there. And I do believe supply is coming. So I think that the Company is going to continue to execute and work towards the same behavior that you’ve seen in the past. I am optimistic that there will be opportunities for wholesale in the future based upon the same criteria that we’ve applied in the past. And as you look at the next 6-12s we’re not in that position from an inventory perspective and we are in the markets to try and expand our opportunities for growth, and some of those moves up might have a follow on wholesale associate with them base on our trailing criteria.
Tom Ray: It's been very collaborative, and I did reach out during this month. And say we should talk more seriously about succession over time, let's spend more time on it and no decision was made then. And I’ve been with this organization and with our Board for a very long time and wanted to support an orderly transition, give everybody lots of time. And so that was very collaborative process. And it really finalized over the last couple of days. So it's been a process of people who’ve worked together for quite a while, saying we would meet then, what’s big more about the future over the next year or two. And we’ve got Paul in a great position. And I’d say from my perspective once you start thinking about that, I need to honour my commitment to give 110% to this organization as long as I am here and frankly fresh legs right now I think come and ensure that continuity of just incredible excitement and drive. And glad Paul is ready willing and able to take this forward.
Tom Ray: I am going to remain as a consultant and advisor. I am very much looking forward to supporting the transition. I am not going to remain on the Board. And I do have a non-compete.
Tom Ray: No, I just leave it at, and I am very excited looking ahead to spend more time with the family and I am very, very honoured and grateful for my time here with the organization.
Tom Ray: Look, circling back to the succession planning process. It’s not an event it's a process and really I think for healthy companies it's a process that’s ongoing every year, year-after-year. And that’s been the case at CoreSite. We’ve been very thoughtful about succession in every senior part of the Company. As part of that, we have wonderful candidates internally right now, so Paul to continue mentor and groom, and terrific people with great skills and tremendous upside in their career. So I think the Board was I think fortunate but you make your own luck. The Board has been thoughtful about CEO transition and succession for a long time. There are number of candidates and I know that they were very well considered in their selection of Paul. And as per my view I completely support Paul, and I am looking forward to helping him burn into the Company and taking to the next level and the next leg of its journey.
Tom Ray: Sure. As to the shape of leasing, we would again encourage everybody to think about our business the way we think about our business. And I don’t think there is any change in the strategy related to how we’ve been thinking about the business. And that is we have our core co-location business, and frankly Q2 was terrific. It was the total annualized GAAP rate on the Q2 was 21% above the trailing 12, very, very solid performance. I think our second highest posting in all-time. We had a highest posting of transactions recorded in all time and Steve and his team did a phenomenal job, executing on the business plan in co-location. In addition to that we’ve always maintained this opportunistic approach to wholesale leasing. And if you look at our trailing wholesale leasing, most of our larger wholesale deals have been getting done Virginia and Santa Clara, where we’re lighter on inventory at the moment. And so we are active in looking for opportunities to grow further. I am confident in our ability to do that in those markets. But over the next six to 12 months, I think you’ll see a greater -- greater proportion of the mix will be in co-location. But the total dollars in that has been trending up nicely and the Company is very focused on trying to help support that continued. And I don’t believe, of course about the wholesale business. So I think Paul is extremely well versed in this as is significant -- if you look at the number of the people in the management team, very capable of executing in that space and I think with more land and more buildings actually down the road, you will see the company maintain its strategy and see that lumpiness in wholesale growth and hopefully continued growth in co-location sales. And we’re extremely pleased with Q2.
Tom Ray: I think our relationship has been enormously professional and I think the record is clear for the enormously productive. I’ve been pleased and honored to be a part of this entire journey from suit to nuts. And we have smart caring committed professional people on the Board and in the organization. And together we’ve accomplished things that we feel good about.
Tom Ray: Thank you. To wrap things up, I’d like to just take a minute to offer a few more words, and thanks to more of the people who helped CoreSite to become what it is today. Forgive me if it's a bit like in the county towards beach, but these people deserve our recognition. And I am going to take this brief moment as it presents itself. In addition to our investors, our coverage analyst and the Board, as I thank you at the beginning of the call, I’d like to thank the Carlyle Group, including Jim Attwood for his service to and support of the Company. And in particular Rob Stuckey, for making the founding investments in what became CoreSite, sharing the vision of what the Company could become, and giving me the opportunity to lead the organization. My wife and then my family are changed because of that, and I am grateful. I’d also like to thank colleagues who helped forge this CoreSite and we moved on to forming, including Deedee Beckman, David John, Billie Haggard, John Savago and Rob Rockwood, among many others. And finally I’d like to thank the men and women of today’s CoreSite. I’ve learned a great deal from and have deeply enjoyed working with some of the best leaders I’ve ever known. This includes our team members, Geoff Danheiser, Jeff Dorr, Jeff Finnin, Derek McCandless, Ryan Oro, Steve Smith, Dominic Tobin, and Brian Warren. As well as some long time and newer colleagues, Julie Brewer, Eric Brownfield, Therese Kerfoot, Matt Mill, and again many, many others, to each of you and many more talented and hardworking people who helped build this Company. It’s been my privilege and honor to serve with you to share CoreSite’s wonderful journey and to call you friend. I am better person for our time together, and I am grateful to and grateful for each of you. With that, I’ll certainly turn over to Paul and I am confident he’ll bring extraordinary intelligence, strong business acumen, and principal guided leadership to the Company on the next leg of the security. Thank you very much and best wishes to all.
