Paul Szurek: Good morning and thank you for joining us today. Our financial results again demonstrate consistent execution and solid growth with revenue, adjusted EBITDA and FFO per share increasing 13% and %year-over-year respectively. The components of our internal growth remain strong as evidenced by healthy same store growth and monthly recurring revenue per cabinet equivalent, low churn, strong cash rent growth on renewals and continuing operating and power efficiency improvements. We are fortunate to have an excellent team operating in great markets and to have built an advantages position in these markets. Our data center campuses combined dense network nodes with purpose built power efficient, scalable, flexible data centers suitable for the higher density applications that are being more regularly deployed. Our customers benefit from an IT environment that minimizes latency, accommodates high data volumes and provides exceptional interoperability of enterprises, clouds, networks and managed service providers, resulting in unusually valuable solutions. The network effects of our customer ecosystems increased the stickiness of deployments, drive interconnection revenue and attract quality new logos. Our sales activity generated 7.1 million of annualized GAAP rent signed in new and expansion leases. Sales activity was constrained by less available capacity in key markets. We entered the quarter with approximately 32% less than typical capacity in our four largest markets. Near the end of the quarter we restored capacity to more normal levels with the completion of computer rooms at VA3 and LA2. Meanwhile, the quality of sales was very high due to continued strength in our core retail colocation business, which is generally proven to be more profitable over time. We had a healthy balance of organic capacity expansions by existing customers coupled with one of our strongest quarters in numbers and quality of new logo acquisition, which has historically boded well for future organic growth. These new logos reflect continued robust demand for our network and cloud-dense platform in large edge markets. Demand is holding up well with supply for the most part in balance. Pricing therefore, seems generally stable around our markets especially for our core retail collocation, performance sensitive and hybrid IT deployments. In Los Angeles we placed into service 87,000 square feet of multitenant data center capacity, 54% of which was preleased and commenced in the quarter. Additionally, in early Q2, we acquired another Los Angeles colocation provider that operates in One Wilshire and the nearby Hope Street building, acquiring more than 120 additional customers, increasing our economies of scale in downtown LA and ending litigation with that company. In Reston we completed and placed into service at the end of the quarter a colocation room of 26,000 square feet of turnkey capacity at VA3 Phase 1A and have seen strong interest from both existing customers and new prospects for this new capacity. We ended the first quarter with 108,000 square feet of additional turnkey capacity under construction, including Phase 1B at our Reston expansion and projects in DC, Denver and New York. We continue to expect to break ground on SV8 and LA3 later this year, which together will provide an additional 355,000 square feet of multi-tenant shell with a combined 12 megawatts of initial computer rooms. While we have increased staffing in our data centers to keep up with customer reliability needs, we have simultaneously improved operating efficiencies in most parts of the organization. As important, our operating and technical approved minutes increased our power utilization efficiency by approximately 8% compared to a year ago. In summary, our hybrid business model and the resulting strong organic growth and industry leading returns on capital continue to deliver good results and to provide a solid runway for future success. With that I will turn the call over to Steve.
Paul Szurek: Jon, this is Paul. VA3 is traditional colocation network-dense and so you have to maintain a fairly high level of resiliency there. SV8 will be very similar to SV7 for similar reasons. Having said that, we have redesigned the electrical system around more cost effective concurrent maintainable structure, which does generate some cost savings. In addition, frankly we're seeing overall I would say net reductions in cost due to better process management and better procurement practices and so those are offsetting - more than offsetting some of the other cost increases that you mentioned that are happening in the construction market. But for these major metro networking cloud-dense note higher levels of resiliency are still required by margin [ph].
Paul Szurek: As it relates to the mark-to-market performance, I think that also speaks to the value of the platform primarily and that sticky customer base that continues to grow in value the ecosystem more than anything as well as the lot of customers that we have in place that continue to auto renew and renew on a regular basis and continue to grow with us, so I don't think there's any magic there other than just that intrinsic value in the ecosystem.
Paul Szurek: As it relates to the other property, in Los Angeles we actually brought on board much more than the pre-stabilized capacity this quarter. The overall capacity was roughly 88,000 square feet, 54% of that was leased. Much of that was on one floor, so we just put the floor into the stabilized pool and the balance of it is in the pre-stabilized pool. And it's not unusual for us to put new retail colocation capacity directly into the pre-stabilized pool without much pre-leasing just the character that's space does lends up well to pre-leasing and really more the character of the customer. Having said that, we do already have one lease in VA3 and we have a lot of interest in both of these in good pipelines for both of these computer rooms and we're very glad to have the additional capacity on hand.
Paul Szurek: So historically we've been in the 225,000 to 250,000 square foot of available inventory, it means it's not occupied and it's not under lease. That's been consistent with our sales performance over the years. We're at, I guess we started Q2 at 246,000 square feet of capacity and in most of that new capacity is in our top four markets, the only one where we didn't add any new capacity this past quarter was Santa Clara. With our pipeline that's in place we should be able to sustain that level of available capacity seven quarters out of eight for the foreseeable future beginning in 2019 once we bring SV8 online and we'll add to that with CH2 once it comes online and LA3, so I feel very good about how we're positioned for the future starting late in 2018 and going on into 2019 and we have good available inventory right now, so it feels like we're the right spot.
Paul Szurek: Should point out though that the data indicate very strongly that it's an advantage for our customers who want that flexibility to access services that are outside our data center, within the data center open cloud exchange and the virtual activities that we provide clearly seem to dominate and so far we've seen SDN as a very strong positive - net positive on cross connects and we haven't seen any evidence of cannibalization of colocation or other services we provide.
Paul Szurek: Let me take the first question and then I'll let Jeff handle the second. As we mentioned in the past we continue to look at other markets and see ways that we can scale in those markets with our network-dense model and that is obviously not something that's easy to do and so we haven't made many moves in that area in the past. We continue to see the highest returns on our capital by deepening and broadening our capacity in the markets that we're in with very attractive markets and seems to have lot of growth going forward. And so as we've said in the past, until we actually are ready to move into another market and have something signed we typically we don't talk about what potential targets might be.
Paul Szurek: Sure, Jon. Gad to answer those. We've had a discussion of this litigation in our financial statement foot notes for over a couple of years now. It really was a dispute about various contractual elements between US Colo with us and to go into it beyond that is probably not very helpful. We typically don't talk about M&A unless we have something to disclose and so unfortunately probably shouldn't address the latter part of your question.
Paul Szurek: So I don't want to put any additional pressure on Steve and his team. They do a great job. And they've really done a remarkable job in increasing our acquisition of these quality new logos over the last two, three quarters, but there is a very strong correlation historically between available capacity especially in our big four markets and sales. And so as we've increased capacity in two of those big four markets LA and Virginia bringing additional capacity online in a third, New York in Q3, historically - based on historical persons that you translate into higher sales. We do still have a bit of a constraint capacity situation in the Bay Area, some of that will be - that will be remedied next year when we bring SV8 online.
Paul Szurek: Really not a huge change from historical trends, our focus continues to be on the core retail colocation customer that's our bread and butter and for all the reasons that Steve and I mentioned in our prepared remarks, that's worked really well for us. There is from time to time larger deployments that need storage and compute at the edge market, these tent to be lumpier, but we still see opportunities for those in the pipeline and expect to bring some of those into the sales mix as we have additional capacity.
Paul Szurek: So it's across the portfolio and I want to make clear that that's on a same store basis, so that doesn't reflect the impact of new construction. It's a combination of factors, in some facilities we have gone back and upgraded and reprogrammed automated control systems, in other facilities we did a deep dive into all the components of power utilization and 20 tweaks lead to significant achievements and in power efficiency and in one facility in particular, as we disclosed in the past, we upgraded to a very large, more economically efficient chiller plant from the smaller chiller equipment that we had there in the past and that generated significant return on investment and drove power efficiency in that in that site. So we think there's still more opportunity as we continue to get better at operations and focus on technological improvements that can drive PUE, but it was a real big gain year-over-year and I'm very pleased with the engineering and facilities team for what they've accomplished here.
Paul Szurek: Well, I just want to thank everybody for their interest and their questions and listening to us talk about the company and thank my very valuable colleagues at CoreSite for their excellent work they continue to do. We look forward to the future and we will look forward to speaking with you all next quarter. Thank you very much.
Steve Smith: Sure. Hey, Jordan, thanks for the question. As it relates to the overall pipeline the result of spoke to in the prepared remarks around new logos. There is a concerted effort to try to bring in more new logos as they have demonstrated future organic growth for us, so that is the focus for the company and we like the success that we've seen out of Q1, so that is a continued effort. We do see more of that in the pipeline. Overall, as far as general pipeline is concerned, I would say it's consistent, but consistently growing as we find more and more customers that value the platform and want to buy from us, so we're encouraged with what we see so far.
Steve Smith: Sure, and I think really it comes down to those larger leases that likely show up in larger chunks of revenue as well, so as you look at the broader capacity across the platform large chunks of space are fewer in various markets and particularly in some of our strongest markets, which therefore has an effect as to those larger leases and sometimes kind of the larger edge or kind of scale type of environments that we would otherwise win, so that's really the biggest space where we have been constrained.
Steve Smith: Sure, well specific to the Bay Area, we've seen pricing hold up very well there. There are some additional inventory that's coming online, so we continue to watch that very closely, but I think one of the things that we do benefit from specifically in Santa Clara is a very strong customer base that is also looking to expand as well as other customers that just value that location, the interconnection that we bring along with it and the ecosystem. So we do watch it and there is, as I mentioned, some other capacity coming online, but so far pricing seems to be holding and we're optimistic about the opportunity ahead of us.
Steve Smith: Then Jonathan, just to give you a little bit more color there, I was just going to say as far as the rationalization it really just rationalizing various assets that they may have done. We've done it in various locations it's more about consolidating those than it is about any impact of 100 gig versus 10gig.
Steve Smith: As you look at just the last decade of M&A activity across the telecom industry, it's happened pretty regularly over that period of time and we see a lot just based here in Denver there's a lot that goes on. So it happens and it's happened over time and I think it will continue to happen as we go forward, but on balance I think if you look at the collective demand for data, the applications were rolling out and the continued demand for interconnection, the broad based fundamentals are very strong, so I think you'll see more of that as more M&A happens, but I think on balance the market as a whole continues to grow.
Steve Smith: Sure, thanks Michael. This is Steve. I'll start off and Paul you can chime in as you will there. As far as the overall bookings over the last quarter and you mentioned last two quarters and the impact of competition, I would say it's less about competition more about available space to sell and how we align with that. The competitive landscape as it relates to their available capacity does impact that I guess, so that's that is one factor to convey to consider there. But overall as we look at the broader based pipeline of the activity the number of customers that are buying for us as reflected in the results of transactions and logos it actually was very healthy. And so overall in balance the - how we're showing up in the marketplace and how customers are buying from us remains very strong.
Steve Smith: Yeah, thanks for the question. This is Steve. As far as any concern, we haven't seen any concern around it. In fact we think it adds to the overall ecosystem and choice for our customers, so what we announced earlier was the cloud On-Ramp which is similar to other cloud On-Ramps that we have deployed in the Virginia market and other key markets around our platform. So that's what we announced and so far it's been very good for the broader campus there as well as other enterprise customers that are looking for additional choice. We do see other international customers that are leveraging that platform likely more than US customers that now see core side even more beneficial than they had in the past, so overall it's been very positive for us.
Steve Smith: I think that really relates more to the size and capacity at that facility Sami, it's our smallest facility and we continue to do a solid job in terms of keeping it leased up and generating cash flow, but it's not been a growth focus for us.
Steve Smith: The other thing I would just add to that as well as we've taken some pre focused efforts here internally to ensure that we can just move faster in the market. So as we look to capacity getting to a more critical level that we can move quicker on land, we can move quicker on permitting and we can move quicker on getting things out of the ground and getting them constructed. So I think that will also help us stay ahead of the curve, but at the same time not struck out capital when you don't need to.
Steve Smith: Sure and I think the most obvious use cases the traditional enterprise those that typically have one or two connections to a network into a cloud provider or many of them are using cloud today that they can now how those virtual circuits go across multiple clouds. And many of those are just evolving over time as there is more and more clouds available for those enterprises to use. So you think about your ERP, CRM, all the other application storage and so forth that are now becoming more as a service it just makes those more readily available and able to scale over a virtual type of connection. I mean, historically they in many cases haven't even had that service available for them at all, so I think it opens up the value colocation much more so than it has in the past because now that those services are available, but then the data center they can leverage those hybrid use cases.
Steve Smith: Yeah, as far as the subsea cable customer base, I'm not sure that we've disclosed the exact end points on that level of detail, so probably would hold off and give me more detail until we make sure we have that clearance from the actual customer. But overall we have 11 subsea cables to terminate within our platform and that has continued to add more value not only to those international customers but to domestic customers that are looking to get access to those international marketplaces. So I'm sorry, I can't be little bit more specific, but just need to do a lot of more diligence to make sure that we can disclose.
Jeff Finnin: Yeah, good morning, Dave. I think the best way - historically we've given volume growth sometimes in the aggregate, which is what I'm referenced in my 10% and sometimes we also give volume growth for just fiber, just to give you some color around that. Obviously our fiber cross connects make up roughly 80% of all of our cross connects which - that is the product that we sell that really probably drives the most performance in terms of volume. If you look at it just isolated on the fiber cross connects that volume growth was 13.6% year-over-year, gives you a better idea exactly what's driving the volume growth and obviously the revenue growth as well.
Jeff Finnin: That's correct, yeah. And I would say, just to give you some other color in terms of the adds versus disconnects, the - really what drove the lower volume growth was we just had a higher disconnects. Our growth rates were coming in, in line with our expectations, it was really some of the churn we experienced in the first quarter from the one customer that had higher than what we would typically see in terms of disconnects.
Jeff Finnin: Yeah John the specific item we referenced is really a customer we would best describe is really rationalizing their cross connect deployments and they were disconnecting certain of those cross connects because of some M&A activity on their side. They happen to acquire a customer or two of ours and they're just rationalizing their spend based on what they see in the traffic that they're trying to exchange between different parties.
Jeff Finnin: Yeah, it's obviously a customer of ours there and more than one geo Jonathan and an enterprise customer of ours that is just not getting full utilization out of their space and again that terms in mid Q4.
Jeff Finnin: Hey, Rob. Let me first address your question as it relates to commencements. My recollection was, don't quote me on the exact numbers, but we entered the year with a backlog of what we thought was going to commence in the quarter of just north of 13 million and so I want to say about 3 million of those commencements resulted from sales that we actually generated in the quarter and also commenced in the quarter, so call it about $3 million of that was incremental to the backlog that we had coming into the year.
Jeff Finnin: Yeah, good morning, Colby. Let me give you some commentary first about the company US Colo in the Los Angeles market, just ballpark they have about $5 million in annualized revenue. In terms of the impact to 2018, we have assumed about $0.01 to $ 0.02 of accretion per share for 2018 that gives you some idea where their adjusted EBITDA and FFO are coming in. In terms of the space itself, it's about 30,000 square feet of capacity there and they're largely I would say stabilized at this point in time; there's not a lot of that. It's very highly utilized at this point in time, so it gives us some idea in terms of where they are and obviously we'll get more into the granularity as we integrate and get our team involved working closely with their individuals at this point in time. In terms of the commencements, you're right. Based on what we did in Q1 in our visibility with our backlog we're right at the 50% mark. And obviously it's something we'll continue to monitor as we look forward and the other 20 million of that is obviously going to have to come from our future shells which Steve and his team continue to work very hard at and will keep you updated in terms of how we proceed during the year. I think in general that's just one of those guidance numbers that we will update as we see fit and periodically as we see changes needed and at this point in time where we are at this point we're comfortable with our guidance not only our commitments but everything else that we've given guidance till today.
Jeff Finnin: You're correct; we're not changing our guidance. Again materially we don't think it needs to be modified and if you can read into it as you need to, but I think that's the way the numbers would play out in terms of the quarter expectation for the next three quarters in terms of sales and ultimately commencements.
Jeff Finnin: And Frank let me just add just a little bit and I'll answer the second question, but I think overall that comes down to our overall capital allocation strategy and I think we continue to be very disciplined related to that obviously focused on driving high returns on invested capital as Paul alluded to. So I think - I don't think we have not modified that at all and obviously you can see the results on those returns from our financial results. As it relates to the cross connect disconnects that we saw, I think it's fair to say that that M&A activity is not a recent event from that particular customer and that's consistent with what we typically see when some of those customers are - when there's M&A activity from some of our customers. It is not an immediate type of event where you might see some of those disconnects. Sometimes you see them one to three years later, sometimes you never see them, it really is dependent upon their utilization of those cross connects in the traffic that they're trying to move and connect to, so it's not a recent event for this particular one.
Jeff Finnin: Absolutely, we see - and specifically for that customer this quarter we saw a lot of additions as well and so absolutely that's its stay. That's why when we think about it talk about the cross connect activity, it really is a fluid type of activity we see in our data centers, you see high volumes of additions and disconnects just depending upon what our customers are trying to do in any given period of time and so - hence the reason we have people staffed to execute on that in a very timely manner, but that particular customer is adding and we saw a large group of additions from that customer in Q1 as well.
