Steve Collis: Hi. Good morning, Elizabeth, and thanks for the question. Maybe I could just start with some general comments about our approach to capital deployment. Literally, there's nothing this management team takes more seriously other than our reputation and capital deployment. It's our key opportunity, and we want to make sure that we leverage all the available dollars we have. Having said that, PharmaLex is a continuation of AmerisourceBergen's strategy of investing to further our leadership in specialty distribution and services. Our portfolio has literally been built through decades of significant organic and inorganic strategic investments, including this recently completed acquisition. This is complementary to our US existing manufacturer services platform, and also, you will recall that when we bought the Alliance business, we focused on their value-added services businesses, and in fact, pointed out that they had a higher percentage of the operating income coming from those services. So, we feel that this significantly enhances our international capabilities. AmerisourceBergen is focused on growing our higher-margin, higher-growth businesses. And particularly, we've identified this area as a robust area for us. Our goal is in the long term to be the first stop for any services that manufacturers would like to deploy our businesses like PharmaLex and AmerisourceBergen for. Let me also just say that I was literally two weeks ago with the PharmaLex management team. We've had some calls before, it was a pleasure to meet them in person. I've been very impressed with the approach that Bob Mauch and his leadership team have taken with this integration and with the merging of PharmaLex into our existing businesses. And I'm very excited about the opportunities ahead for this acquisition. Thank you.
Steve Collis: Yes, thanks, Erin. I think AmerisourceBergen is very is very consistently facing -- is trying to really be squarely in the prescription drug market, our services and distribution are anchored around the prescription market. I've been impressed with Alliance. It's now our seventh quarter reporting them, and they've been very resilient. We have strong market positions in almost every country we're in. and where we've had to, we've complemented it. Some of the smaller markets, for example, Norway and Netherlands, we're in retail. We've also got a very strong Alloga business, which was one of the most interesting aspects of this integration and acquisition for us. We're aligning that very closely with our ICS business, which is being more closely aligned with World Courier in the past historically and is focused on the more complex therapies. And Alliance Alloga business has a very strong basis in core pharmaceutical products. So I'm also excited about what PharmaLex is going to bring to the equation. We have about 2,500 team members that we've added with PharmaLex and about 800 of them have PhD equivalent degrees. I go back to my experience and a lot smaller scale, but when we acquired Xcenda when I was at the specialty group, the uplift in talent and intellectual thought around the manufacturer was so important to the development of the specialty group, and I think that PharmaLex can be analogous to our European and international business growth. So, we're -- I think we're just are very well-positioned. I like what this acquisition is going to bring to us. And Jim just has one more comment I'd like to make.
Steve Collis: Well, that wraps it up for today. And Jim, thank you for ending on that keyword, resilience. I would say that we had an excellent quarter, and I'm excited about the Cencora name change. And whether we're talking about AmerisourceBergen or in the future Cencora, we are highly differentiated and well-positioned for long-term growth anchored in our core distribution and specialty services and also with our very high potential customer base. And we'll continue to benefit from growth in the pharmaceutical market, driven by patient demographics, prescription utilization trends, and continued innovation. Thank you for your time today. It's been a pleasure spending this last hour with you.
Jim Cleary: Yes. Thank you, Michael, for asking that question and I think really kind of a key point and a key takeaway is that we really have continued strong performance in our US business and strong performance in specialty and broadly across human health distribution, and we're seeing continued strong utilization trends. And so that's true in the US, and it's really true at Alliance also where we saw international strong performance and utilization trends during the quarter. I called out in my prepared remarks as you referenced that COVID came in below our expectations during the quarter. And as I said in the prepared remarks, we had a softer quarter for animal health and higher OpEx growth rate during the quarter, but we expect that to normalize for the full year. And really kind of, I think, the key takeaway is just strong performance and execution both in specialty and broadly across human health distribution, and that's kind of evidenced in our maintaining that guidance rate, excluding COVID of 5% to 7% in the US segment. And as reported, excluding COVID, on a consolidated basis, improving our adjusted operating income guidance from 3% to 5% to 4% to 6%.
Jim Cleary: Yes, thanks. Just one thing I do want to say, Erin, thanks very much for the question on international, I do want to say, of course, as you look at our business overall, our operating income mix is about 80% in the US and 20% international.
Jim Cleary: Yes. We obviously, we feel very good about the opportunistic share repurchases we've done over the past several months. And as you know, we've successfully collaborated with Walgreens on their two latest sales, repurchasing about $700 million in shares in conjunction with those sales. And we view these as a good opportunity to repurchase shares. And we continue to maintain a collaborative relationship with WBA. And we would expect to work together on any future plan sales, including potentially repurchasing shares. And that's as a result of our very strong financial position, which continues, of course, and our focus on opportunistic share repurchases. And so if they do decide to sell additional shares, we would view it as an opportunity to repurchase.
Jim Cleary: Yes, and so there was a lot there, and we specifically do not break out the percentage of manufacturer services. But I will say that those sorts of services are a really important part of our international business, just like they are in the US business. And I think one kind of key thing to call out is you'll note that our operating margin is significantly higher in the International segment than it is in the US segment. And the reason for that is those higher-margin services businesses are a higher percentage of sales in our international segment than they are in the US segment. And they're driven historically by things like World Courier, of course. But Alloga also, which is Alliance's very successful 3PL business and some of alliances services business. And now it's an even greater percentage of the business given the exciting acquisition of PharmaLex. And so that's just a little bit of commentary on the international market. And you asked about specialty products. In some cases, a number of the specialty products in the international market are 3PL. And so I think you also asked about the US business. And of course, specialty continues to be a driver for us in the US market, as you know, very well. And we're a leader in the specialty business, both for physician practices and for non-physician parts of the business, and it's really kind of a leading part of our legacy businesses that Steve started many years ago and a super important part of our future through our key partnerships.
Jim Cleary: Yes, Eric had asked about the name change and some of the costs and whatnot related to the name change. And Eric, we aren't going to get into a lot of specifics at this time, but I will say that the spend will be spread out over the next three years, and it really happens in three phases. The first is planning and preparation, the second is launch, and the third is ongoing brand migration and a majority of these costs will be GAAP only as they are nonrecurring in nature. And then a portion of the cost will be capitalized and depreciated over time and recorded against our adjusted non-GAAP results. I'll also comment that with regard to amortization of some of our existing trade names, there will be an increase in amortization expense, and it will be recorded and disclosed beginning in our March quarter and as a reminder, amortization expense relating to trade names is accounted for as a GAAP-only expense and is not included in our adjusted results.
Jim Cleary: Well, Steve, I would just echo that. From my perspective, it's just one of the – just one of the wonderful things about our company and our industry is our proven resilience.
