Jim Cleary: Sure. Thanks for the question, Lisa. And I'll talk about the capital deployment portion. We've successfully collaborated with Walgreens on their latest transactions, repurchasing about $250 million in shares from Walgreens in the most recent quarter and over $1 billion in shares from Walgreens over the past year. And if they were to continue to sell our shares, which wouldn't surprise us, we view it as an opportunity to continue to collaborate with them and repurchase some of the shares and the amount that we've repurchased would be dependent on managing our capital needs and opportunities. And I'm pleased to say that this fiscal year that recently ended, we generated $3.1 billion of free cash flow. So we feel very good about our cash flow generation and our balance sheet and our ability to deploy capital. Thanks a lot for the question.
Jim Cleary: Great. Well, I'll start off by saying that we feel very good about our guidance for fiscal year '24. On a consolidated level, our adjusted operating income, we're expecting it to grow in the 8% to 10% range. So that's constant currency, ex-COVID. And so some of the things that move us within that range, from a big picture standpoint, it's of course, the growth rate of our higher-margin, higher-growth businesses. In particular, specialty distribution, but also our commercialization services businesses, including World Courier. The continued strength and utilization trends, which we've certainly seen in fiscal year '23. The extent of the strength of those utilization trends in fiscal year '24; certainly, are 1 of the things that will drive our business. Of course, drug pricing always plays a role, including branded inflation and generic deflation rates, sales of COVID products. And I talked quite a bit about that during the prepared remarks. And then, of course, also FX, but typically, we look at this on a constant currency basis. And I could get into a little bit more detailed commentary on some of these things on some of the kind of the moving pieces. As I said during the prepared remarks, we're expecting $0.02 to $0.10 of EPS contribution related to exclusive COVID-19 product distribution with a vast majority of that in the first quarter. We divested, of course, the Egyptian business during the fourth quarter of the year, which we were pretty -- very pleased with. And that business didn't have a meaningful operating income contribution in fiscal '23. So the divestiture will not create a meaningful headwind to fiscal '24. You asked about GLP-1 products, they're a key driver of our revenue growth, but they're minimally profitable for us, so not a major driver of our operating income growth. But -- and so those are some of the things that are -- from a big picture standpoint and a detailed standpoint, that our driving our business in fiscal year '24. And I'll just finish up by saying we have very good confidence in our guidance, given our strong momentum and the strength we've seen broadly across our businesses as we've finished fiscal year '23.
Jim Cleary: Yes. So let me start off, and I'll talk about our long-term guidance. And as you know, our long-term guidance, it contemplates operating income growth of 5% to 8% and EPS growth of 8% to 12%, normalizing for exclusive government-owned COVID products and foreign exchange. This -- we are assuming we'll be able to grow 5% to 8%. And each of our segments and capital deployment contribution will be 3% to 4%. Our guidance is higher than that. As you know, in fiscal year '24, as we called out, as you mentioned, on a consolidated adjusted operating income growth basis, it's 8% to 10% constant currency ex-COVID. And there are a number of things that are driving our guidance and fiscal year '24 and a number of things that drive our long-term guidance. And one thing I think to keep in mind is that the kind of the second half of our fiscal year '24, it compares to 2 quarters of particularly strong ex-COVID growth, including 15% growth that we had in the third quarter of fiscal year '23 and then the 14% growth we had in the most recent quarter. But we have really good confidence in our long-term growth capability, and it will be driven by the things that's been driving our recent growth. It's the growth of our higher margin, higher growth businesses, including specialty distribution and our commercialization services business. It's continued strong utilization trends. It's drug pricing and those sorts of things. And so we have good confidence in our fiscal year '24 guidance and very good confidence in our long-term guidance.
Jim Cleary: Sure. So yes, we feel very good about our growth opportunity this year in International. One of the things that's driving the growth rate though, I want to make sure you know, is we do have an extra quarter of PharmaLex in fiscal year '24. We had 3 quarters in fiscal year '23, and we'll have 4 quarters in '24. Also we'll really benefit for the fact that we've recently divested the Egyptian business. And that was a headwind in our fiscal year '23, and it will no longer be a headwind in our fiscal year '24. But overall, we also continue to benefit just from the very strong Global Specialty Logistics business, the World Courier business, which has been an excellent performer. And then also solid execution from the Alliance Healthcare team and the Alliance business. And so those are some of the things that drive our growth rate in International in fiscal year '24.
Jim Cleary: Okay. Yes, sure. I'll start off with the Animal Health business there, Erin, and thanks a lot for the question. And I'll really focus my answer on our business. And as I mentioned during my prepared remarks, our Animal Health business had a great quarter. Both our companion and production animal businesses grew very nicely during the quarter. And despite the companion market having some headline issues with vet visits, we've continued to see good sales growth. And in the production market, the herd count remains near record lows. But given the high price of cattle producers want to make sure they keep their cattle healthy. And so we have seen very good results there, and it's probably been driven by, I think, just really good execution by our Animal Health team the last few quarters. And then with regard to your other question on major contracts coming up for renewal, we don't have any large upcoming renewals in the near term.
Steve Collis: Yes. Just a couple of things. I just want to say, in terms of anticipated any reforms, as we know, the best of our knowledge, most of the pricing concessions would take place below the WAC line. So that's what we anticipate at the moment. Just then, Jim, on GLP-1s, I'd say they are clearly most impactful on the top line and an incredible example of the innovation in our industry and the patient impacts. We expect continued growth in this category. But again, they are a much more meaningful revenue growth driver than operating income driver, but important part of our portfolio. The last thing I'd say is that we continue to advocate and help our community pharmacies to obtain adequate reimbursement on those products. So thanks for the question.
Steve Collis: Yes, thanks for the question. Our community pharmacies always differentiate themselves with their resilience. And broadly speaking, they hold up well. Around 20%, 21% of market share. And they've been in that place for several years now. I think with product innovations like GLP-1s and more people doing their vaccine and COVID shots at the pharmacy, it does give an opportunity. Labor and access to pharmacists is probably easier on a more macro level on a smaller basis. And often, some of those pharmacies are in smaller communities, they're very active in those communities. And also, some play a key role in access to underserved communities as a leading health care provider in those communities. So we're proud of our partnership with them. You mentioned growing. And I would say that we do that through our relationships with our buying groups, that we are, I believe, are leaders in the space. And it's a fascinating space for us and one that we'll continue to invest in. Thanks for the question.
Steve Collis: No, no. Thanks, Jim. Well said, certainly, I think if you look at where manufacturers are investing their dollars, of course, there's been a very robust sector in the GLP-1 category in the diabetes and weight loss category. But oncology is one where so many manufacturers are focused. We still feel that we have significant opportunities with biosimilars with some of the other new categories of drugs in this area. Cell and gene therapy are going to be important business drivers for us. Cencora plays an important role in those products. And then on the practice management side, the data, value-based care side, so robust, the sector, and our role in it is so integral to those practices that it's just still a very exciting place to be and one way where Cencora will continue to be the leader. And hopefully, we also look to do more oncology in Europe over time as well. Thank you.
Steve Collis: Yes. PharmaLex is a strategic asset that's very complementary to our existing services. They, as you know, provide a platform with services in the U.S. as well as a high level of service for a differentiated level of service than we've historically been providing in Europe. We already had a commercialization service category-type businesses with companies like other well-known like Lash and Xcenda. World Courier, in a way, has many aspects of it that are more like a commercial or a commercialization services, but also strong distribution and supply chain expertise in our ultra niche market. So these are areas that are very intriguing to us. We've always had a view that our customers are both up and down the supply chain. And we want to carry on providing those best-in-class services. We have opportunities also for geographic expansion. So where else does it make sense for us to be. And PharmaLex has been very adept at getting into new markets and is present in many, many countries. So some of these compendia works we're doing, we've been talking about them. And business reviews are really truly global in nature to the extent of very few projects that we've worked on in the past. So exciting opportunities for us, strong management team. We focus on the integration. And I think you'll see potential add-on investments and to -- and including geographic, potentially. But at the moment, we're just focused on rolling it in to the extent that we would want with key integration goals. So -- but thank you for the question.
Steve Collis: Thank you. That concludes our questions. I'll just make a closing statement. Cencora is proud to finish our first quarter as Cencora, and we move into fiscal year '24 with strong momentum. We are executing, as we always have, to deliver results. We are investing in our business to differentiate our capabilities and deliver long-term growth. We are at the center of health care and the care of the supply chain, the core of the supply chain, including -- very closely tied to these innovative products that we're so proud to represent in the marketplace. Our fundamentals are strong, and our strategy is sound as we are well positioned to continue delivering value for our stakeholders in fiscal year '24 and beyond. Thanks for your time and attention today.
