Thomas M. Ray: Sure. I think when you look at the applications in the portfolio, we first carved out the office and light industrial component. That effectively just went for us to redevelop at some point in the future other than the 55 South Market building. So we moved that to the side. Then you have a very small number of larger powered shell leases. 73,000 feet in Boston is leased to somebody for a very long time at a -- now that the space is finished out at a below-market rate of where we think it would roll to. And we have a couple pockets of those kinds of leases. But when you look at our colocation applications, the colocation business in the portfolio, we analyze differentiation and performance sensitivity, really, by points of network interconnection in our portfolio. So I think in general terms, Jordan, whether you think of something that is getting performance sensitive in the 3 or 4 different connections to 3 or 4 different customers inside our data center or 6 or 7, depending on how you think of it, we view our performance-sensitive embedded base as between, call it, 75% and 85%.
Thomas M. Ray: Mid-90s. So yes, the vast majority of that line item is interconnection revenue. And this raises a point that is important to us. As we think about the mark-to-market opportunity inside the existing portfolio and the embedded base, I think there's on balance upside on rents that are in place. But most importantly, I think there's tremendous upside or opportunity for a tremendous upside related to product mix. So again, as you drive more performance value into your buildings and into the applications inside those buildings, you see the non-rent revenue increase more rapidly. And I think at a very high level, Jordan, if we benchmark ourselves against the industry leader in performance-sensitive services and capacity, I think they're in place or average total revenue per foot or per kilowatt, per cabinet is quite materially above where ours is. And we view that as an opportunity to increase the profitability of each dollar of capital that's already in place. I think the way we will get there has a little bit to do with rent and a lot more to do with product mix, selling more breaker amp power as opposed to metered and more cross-connects per foot. And look, that's all a long march. I think our view is over the next 2 years, we will have an extremely good view as to whether we have firmly grabbed this position as an alternative to the incumbent and materially distance ourselves from any other competitor in that regard. I think that the long haul of realizing all the value in the portfolio, that's a 5-year march to get 60%, 70% all the way there, and we hope to have more upside thereafter. That's a long answer, but yes, that line item is interconnection revenue. But it speaks to the much bigger picture of our business model that the value of our in-place assets and what we think we can do with them and the time frame over which we hope to execute on that.
Thomas M. Ray: Well, I think that the results in Q3 are not entirely coincidental. I think that number one, we did have a meaningful amount of open spots or brand-new positions in the sales team. And clearly, I think that impacted us. It's very difficult to determine precisely to what extent, but it had an impact. I think -- I do think, in all fairness, the bigger impact was market and customer driven, and I think the vast majority of that impact for us was timing. We -- beginning Q3 and in the middle of Q3, we saw a very strong funnel, a significant amount of which we thought was going to close in the Q. A small amount of that was canceled or indefinitely suspended. We had businesses say, "You know what, I thought I needed it now. Now I'm not sure when I need it. I'll circle back to you when that need comes back." I think those requirements are need-driven and I think they will come back. But be that as it may, some portion of the -- of not converting in Q3 was for projects that were indefinitely suspended. The greater proportion was for projects that, frankly, just slid into Q4. So I think the reason projects went into Q4, the customers did not feel as much of a need now, and I think that's reflective of the rest of the industry right now. I'll just underscore the big picture of -- we've seen this movie a couple of times over the last decade. And some Qs are soft. The vast majority about what's soft is teed up for Q4 and we feel good about that funnel.
Thomas M. Ray: And Jordan, as you asked about the go forward, I think that the best way for us to help people understand what we believe is, we've made and are still making very significant investments in sales and marketing go-to-market platform. We simply wouldn't make those investments unless we thought there was a return on them. And our board is fully aligned in that expectation. We've studied the market and the market opportunity a great deal. It will take a little bit of time, but we are already seeing results. But most importantly, it'll be very difficult to imagine making the level of investment we've been making and not expecting upside on sales pacing and on revenue per foot or per kilowatt. So we're doing this for a reason. It will take a little bit of time for it to unfold, but we're making these investments expecting an incremental return, an additional return on these additional dollars, absolutely.
Thomas M. Ray: Manny, we just -- we don't give the interim quarter sales stats. We feel like we have tremendous visibility into the Q based on what is already signed and on what's been verbally awarded and is in legal negotiation, legal contract work. So we feel like we have a tremendous amount of visibility, but we don't give interim numbers.
Thomas M. Ray: And I think, Jarrett, it's important that staffing on new functions and changing new functions, it happens most effectively on a layered approach: executive management; middle management; and then ICs, the individual contributors. Jarrett's finished at the top 2 layers. Now we're -- it takes a little bit of time, but over the next -- by the of Q1, I think you expect to have the individual contributors in place.
Thomas M. Ray: Yes, so number one, we're not starting construction on VA-2 until we have the visibility that we'll need to be doing that. But that said, I strongly believe it will be in the first half. And depending on sales, it could be early in that half. The availability we have right now is that last tranche that was available to be redeveloped in the existing building. And quite simply, we've had very sustained, very strong demand in this location for a number of years. And if you just look at the trailing fill rate and say -- and don't even ascribe upside from the additional investments for making in sales and marketing. If you just take that trailing fill rate, we'll be needing to be under construction in the not-distant future. As to the level of availability right now, I think it's on the order of 3.5 megawatts, 4 megawatts, maybe less. And our trailing run rate says that will get sold in -- within this year, so we're going to have another data center. We're going to have more capacity to meet customer requirements. We better get busy and -- so we don't view the existing availability as particularly huge. And there you have it. And importantly, we probably built one extra computer in, Manny, to be fair than we might have otherwise because building 4 or 5 instead of 3 or 4, we were out of the building. We were finished developing, finished construction and can just put a bow on that. So we might have gone a little bit longer than typical because of that reason, but we think that we're going to need to get that next building going in the not distant future.
Thomas M. Ray: Well, you have 2 things. You have available inventory, and I think the spaces where we have done deals with less differentiation. And for what it's worth, I think over the last 6 or 9 months, I don't -- we worked hard to not do any purely undifferentiated deals, but there is a continuum. And I think that the 2 markets that we've said where we've done deals with less differentiation have been Virginia and the Bay Area, and that's because of availability. I think that those days were probably closer to coming to an end in the Bay Area, and then we've built up the last floor of 2972, and we're very focused on cloud and network and other applications in that building. In Virginia, I'd say the same thing. Again, we don't have to spend capital on a new building until we feel that we're out of space in the old stuff, in the existing building. And the applications that we're seeing and working on are highly attractive. They're in our sweet spot. So we're not talking to anybody about a 2-megawatt storage deal. We're not having those discussions.
Thomas M. Ray: If you look into 2013, you're looking at -- and just quickly on the bigger ones, we just give them 85% and 80%, and so the average, 70%, 73%.
Thomas M. Ray: I would think, in large measure, we said we have $1.5 million of backlog, about 50% of which -- these are dollars. 50% of which will start in the Q. And then Q3 signings were below the trailing average. I think that same store, Jamie, occupancy is going to go up a little bit, not a significant amount, but it will go up a little bit. And then I think that'll be offset and perhaps somewhat a little bit more than offset by the delivery at 2972 in the Bay Area. So I think portfolio occupancy is likely to end Q4 flat or just a touch down. And that's all building, stabilized and pre-stabilized, but I think that's reasonable to expect.
Thomas M. Ray: My building blocks, Jamie, are the amount that we expect to be moving out that we know is roughly equal to the Q3 signings, candidly. So that should be close to a wash. And then what we would hope would commence in Q4 may hold pace with the rest of the statistical churn from the install base. And then you deliver 2972 Stender.
Thomas M. Ray: Well, it's not appropriate for us to go into too much detail, Jamie. But I would say, I think we're highly up to speed. But as I go down the customer diversification table in the Q, I say with Facebook, the one spot where they have a big block of space is at 2901 Coronado. And without going into the detail, I think there's a portion of what they do that is, the word we all used a couple years ago, sticky. And there's a portion of what they do there that is undifferentiated. So I think that's all I can, in good faith, offer about Facebook, just to be respectful of their operations. On Akamai, their footprint is highly diversified with us. And so there isn't any big single block anywhere. CSC is very similar. They're pretty diversified and most of those are new deployments. And CSC has a vibrant and growing cloud business, and we've been fortunate to support them on that. We go to number 4, which is Internap. Really, they have a collection of smaller highly performance-sensitive deployments, and then a big powered shell lease in Boston. And that's not going anywhere for a long time. So as I go down the list, I look it at and say we don't see meaningful downside. In fact, I think on balance across our top 10, I would see upside.
Thomas M. Ray: Jonathan, I want to be really clear. We'll circle back on that. Look, on the trail for a handful of years, we had about 1 point to 1.5 points per quarter in churn, so we're running at 4% to 6%. And as we think about churn now, again, as I shared with Jordan at the very beginning of the Q&A, one of the ways that we feel we can drive potentially significant additional value out of the existing store is by selling space to applications that are more performance sensitive and increasing revenue per foot or per kilowatt. And so as we think about churn, there's a portion that over the years...
Thomas M. Ray: Not all churn is bad. So we'll have to give you more guidance. But I do think on the trail, we were between 4% and 6%. So your 4% number, I don't think, is a bad number. But I don't think we can triangulate it any better than that right now.
Thomas M. Ray: I think that's right, Jonathan. I think that -- look, our average lease term is -- ranges between 3 to 5 years on signings at any given Q. So based on that, 20% to 33% of the portfolio is going to roll each year. And I think that's the math.
Thomas M. Ray: You bet. We're extremely proud of our team to have had no customer interruption related to Sandy. No customer interruption in New York or the other East Coast markets. And at 32, we went over to generator power and our batteries work in that transition. The generators pick up the load just fine. We've already been refueled once. Our fuel consumption run rate, at least certainly in the first half of the time period during which that building has been down has been around 1% an hour. We have 24-hour fuel refill contracts. To my knowledge, we haven't been below 50%. We've already been refueled at least once. We carry fuel contracts with multiple vendors to make sure that we can get supplies. And we anticipate being on gen for a while longer in Manhattan, and we don't anticipate any issues in accomplishing that.
Thomas M. Ray: Yes. Number one, there is some incremental cost. Running gens -- supplying power off the gens is more expensive than off the grid. And number two, for the most part, CoreSite bears those costs, to put it differently, the customers do not. That said, we do maintain insurance for external service interruption beyond 24 hours, and that insurance is designed to reimburse us for those incremental costs. So yes, it costs a little bit more to run on gen, but I don't think it's a cost that is material to the operations of the company, the finances of the company. And for anything that would be material or enduring, we are insured.
Thomas M. Ray: Well, we -- I guess first, we've seen very significant cloud adoption at 2972, and that pipeline remains solid. So we've had good activity from the cloud applications in that market and that building. I think we've all seen the market that we've talked about in the past. That market has performed better than we expected it to. It's staying on that better than we had thought, but still, pricing is down meaningfully for undifferentiated apps. I think that -- I don't see anything going on in Santa Clara different than what we've seen over the last handful of quarters. And I see our pipeline, our funnel of defined applications being reasonably consistent as well.
Thomas M. Ray: We've had a good mix. And I think in the largest Internet markets, you see the larger performance-sensitive applications. So when there is more of a consolidation or just a bigger market to serve, you see larger apps. And Virginia and New York and the Bay Area have been consistent, and Chicago. So yes, I'd say the mix is a little bit bigger there than the others, but that increase is consistent with the overall size of the market.
Thomas M. Ray: Well, we've worked harder to go faster to deliver that first floor with direct correlation to customer demand.
Thomas M. Ray: And we -- as we converted to our vertical selling model, I've shared the discussion with some of you this morning that -- an internal discussion that we were effective at a level of 1 or 2 vertically before, and we're become effective at a level of 8. What needs to happen is you also remain effective geographically at a level of 8. But in the transition -- we lost our lead sales person in Chicago due to the transition. He self-selected out, and we have felt that pain. And I know Jarrett and Chris, Chris in particular, are working on getting restaffed. So yes, it's slower in Chicago than we thought, we'd hoped. In that market, it's pretty easy to say that had a huge amount to deal with the sales realignment. And as such, we deferred capital accordingly.
Thomas M. Ray: We were working on a development opportunity that we have indefinitely suspended. So we've wrote those off, but I wouldn't say that, that opportunity will never come to fruition. But we wrote off everything we've accrued to date. And then our other activities, as Jeff indicated in his remarks, we; would -- we've established a goal to have an additional project kick off in 2013 in addition to VA-2 and in addition to the things you see in the stuff from the existing store. And we're working purposefully and feel like we have a good opportunity to meet that goal. And we think that will probably be in the $60 million to $80 million range to get a powered shell developed and deliver the first phase of salable inventory and have attractive follow-on investment opportunity thereafter.
Thomas M. Ray: We're -- we don't perceive a huge difference between those 2, Jordan. The difference is meaningful when you buy a data center that's already got 40% of data center use in it and the rest can be redeveloped. But I think our general view is this will probably be a brand-new development. And whether we're using an existing shell or not, I don't see a difference.
Thomas M. Ray: We just don't go into detail. It wasn't a big expense. It is something that we're keeping on the back burner and we just thought it was better to clean out the books in the Q.
Thomas M. Ray: Well, thanks to everyone for joining the call. More lengthy than normal, but more interesting market climate than normal. Yes, to summarize, we believe that the fundamental demand drivers in our industry remain very, very strong. There are periods of interruption, but we believe the fundamental drivers in the industry remain very strong. We think our business model has proven effective and we think importantly, it's becoming increasingly effective, and we're confident in the trajectory of that effectiveness. We did things in Q3 that were painful to accelerate what we target as accelerating performance in the future. And we're very, very excited about the go forward. We do see a very attractive opportunity in the market to become a premier provider. There's an opportunity for another extremely strong company in the performance-sensitive segment, and we believe that we're very well positioned within the industry to seize it. So thank you, everybody, for your support, the support from our shareholders. And we'll continue to work hard for everybody. Thanks.
Jeffrey S. Finnin: Yes. And I'll add a little bit of color to that. I think what we are doing, to Tom's point, to differentiate it, we are focusing on the right applications. So we are seeing networks change their mix of what they buy instead of smaller IP nodes. They're doing upgrades right now of their switch infrastructure and router infrastructure, and we're seeing those. Those are larger deployments. And Tom referenced, on the network side where we're focusing our vertical sales team, that represented 40% of our sales this quarter, we're seeing bigger deployments, these edge and core nodes, which are larger, and we can give you real examples of companies like GTT, who expanded in 3 sites with us plus upgraded their infrastructure. Sidera, they were upgrading their infrastructure and added another site to 5 markets. And CenturyLink expanding with us in 5 markets to all 9 markets, and again, upgrading their switch infrastructure. So where we've had the vertical sales force in place earlier this year, selling this way, we're seeing platform deals. In this quarter, we saw a good progress on the cloud side. That represented 30% of our sales. What I can defer is some of the larger, high-performance applications that were cloud oriented, and that's what we're seeing from the timing side. And we have -- we're doing that work on the other verticals, but we've seen early progress on the 2 verticals where we have established teams selling the platform benefit and looking to be able to do the smaller deployments, plus I think we have some unique data center campuses that are larger that can support these high-performance applications in each site as well.
Jeffrey S. Finnin: You bet, Jamie. This is Jeff. Just let me focus real quick on Q4. As you can see on the supplemental, we have a little over $15 million of rent that comes due here this month -- or I'm sorry, this quarter. Just big picture, we know that there's about $2.3 million of that, that we know as no move-outs. So if you look at the remaining $13.2 million, there's a large concentration in about our top 35 customers in terms of size, and equates to about $10.9 million of that remaining amount. As you take a deep dive through that, we expect that renewal to be somewhere around 85% on that pool of customers. That leaves you with about $2.3 million of additional rent that roll in this quarter. We give that a little lower than 85%, call it somewhere around 82%, 83% when you add it all together. For the quarter, we expect to be somewhere around 73% for Q4.
Jeffrey S. Finnin: I'm sorry, for the year, we expect to be somewhere in that mid-70 range. I apologize, yes. If you look at 2013, Jamie, I think ballpark, we're looking at somewhere, probably, we've taken a look at it, we're continuing to do some work there. We're probably somewhere in that 70% to 75% range.
Jeffrey S. Finnin: We ended the quarter on the data center portfolio at around 77%. I don't think we're adding a lot of supply. As you know, as we add supply during the quarter, that can sometimes move that number pretty up -- downward pretty significantly. If you look at what we're going to add, we estimate that we're going to be adding some additional square feet in this fourth quarter, predominantly from our completion of the 2972 Stender facility. So that's going to -- that could be moving it a little bit, Jamie. And so you have to factor that in to the equation. To give you a specific number, I couldn't give you a specific number, but we just got to factor that component in.
Jeffrey S. Finnin: We know there's about $2.3 million that will be moving out. And when you look at the rest of it in total, we expect it to be, for the year, right in the mid-70 range, right about -- call it 73%, 75%.
Jeffrey S. Finnin: Jonathan, yes, we talked about it briefly on the call last quarter, but big picture. It's something we've been looking at, we've been spending time on and we're working through those types of situations, just take time to work through, to be quite honest. It's probably a 4- to 6-month type of time frame before you get real certainty or clarity around that. But that is definitely something we're working on.
Jeffrey S. Finnin: I think it's a little bit high, but -- I would say it's just a little bit high, Jonathan. I would say it's about 3%.
Jeffrey S. Finnin: Jonathan, to address that, I think there is an opportunity there for tightening up kind of a loose hold, it's more alliance, but we can tighten it up. Right now, it's a marketing relationship that advanced and leads sharing. We have been looking at that. We do -- we've been approached by the other global carriers in Europe and Asia and even in Latin America. And so we're in discussions to how that might be structured going forward. For us, frankly, into Europe, we're probably a lead exporter more than a lead receiver from the European Community right now. But there is more opportunity, particularly in Asia and Latin America, that we could capture coming from those markets as well, a little bit more balanced. So I do think there's some opportunities on the lead opportunity, and we would look to tighten that up over time through some relationships like interaction.
Jeffrey S. Finnin: Same reason. Frankly, I think Chicago has been the spot where our conversion to the vertical selling model has cost us a little bit. And so we should have better sales going forward. Chicago has been a good market for us. But over the last 2 Qs, it has slowed down. And as such, we deferred completion of that project accordingly just to conserve capital until we need to deliver it.
Jeffrey S. Finnin: And we still see pipeline funnel coming from the cloud and content providers there, that want network access that are interested in downtown, but it just hasn't materialized this quarter.
Jarrett Appleby: Yes. I think where we are, I think, in terms of laying off, I think it's really -- we had some folks leave as we moved to the vertical approach. I think we're through that from a couple perspectives. First, bringing Chris Ancell, a professional leader to run our sales organization, he brings a lot of depth around sales enablement, coaching and development of the vertical sales leaders. We've put 5 vertical sales leaders in place now. That happened this quarter, and we're developing and expanding their team. So I'd say we're 60%, 65% of the way there. We -- it will take until first quarter. We are hiring industry expertise and we are finding the right people with that domain expertise in each of the 5 verticals. And it takes 6 to 9 months to get them fully productive. And then in the interim, as we ramp up and expect the returns that Tom was alluding, the returns we'll get on the engine, we are working on those larger engagements and building that transaction engine as we go forward. So we're, again, I'd say 60%,  65% of the way there, fully in place in the first quarter.
Jarrett Appleby: Absolutely. And we're doing the same investments on the marketing. I think we also know that, a great example is the Amazon Web Services announcement we did in New York and we have in L.A. We're marketing that. People want to directly connect to that. And so the marketing engine is also building out targeted marketing to create leads for that sales engine around these new applications and solutions that we can provide per client. So you're seeing more of the marketing PR effect, communicating, who were the folks that you connect with through a high value. And we're seeing that movement on the interconnection side. You're seeing that movement start. And again, that takes time. We know how to do it. We have a framework. We're getting the talent and we're ramping that go-to-market engine for sales and marketing.
Jarrett Appleby: I think we lost maybe some timing, ending of the relationships, there were a lot of accounts that did change hands. Frankly, a couple of the folks who were there tended to be kind of the larger power type focused deals, and I think it's one of the reasons a couple of the individuals left. That's the kind of business they wanted to go target. But I don't think we've experienced, that I'm aware of, any lost customer opportunity that our performance-based targets that we're looking for.
Jonathan A. Schildkraut: I got a couple here. The first one is just about your interconnection revenue and the classification. Earlier in the week, Cincinnati Bell held their conference call discussing the potential IPO track for CyrusOne. CyrusOne had recently received its PLR, which indicated that the interconnect revenue could fall into the QRS. Equinix seems to be walking down that same path. I'm wondering what work you're doing around that and if you have any perspective there.
Jonathan A. Schildkraut: Understood. I mean, the math that I did was 75% -- or 25%x your $20 million of annualized rent that's coming up for renewals, about a $5 million loss over a run rate of business. That's about $125 million, and that's how you do the math.
Jonathan A. Schildkraut: But the point I'm trying to make, or at least drive to is that, as you look at your renewal schedule, you do have a lot coming up over the next few years. And I'm wondering if this is more of a consequence of the type of business that you're pursuing that is a little bit more retail, you're going after certain applications as opposed to large blocks of space, and so even as you do these renewals, we might not see necessarily the average lease length across are base extent. And then again, coming back to the churn, that would give us comfort about kind of the longevity of your revenue stream.
Jonathan A. Schildkraut: Great. And then just lastly, in terms of the storm and storm-related impacts, obviously you guys have a presence down at 32 Avenue of the Americas. I believe that's in a zone where there is a power outage. I was with a number of providers in this geography, we've seen people flip over to diesel as they should. I'm wondering whether you have any issues around your operations,  if you're able to get fuel, and if you're able to get fuel to the building, if there are any challenges necessarily getting that to wherever the fuel tanks are? There are a number of anecdotes in the city about lack of elevators to in some cases, the fuel tanks are at the top of the building. So I just wanted to get some color on your operations through the storm.
Jonathan A. Schildkraut: Great. If I can ask actually one follow-up question around that, Tom, is -- are there incremental costs? I mean does your cost structure change when you flip over to diesel? Obviously you're not going to be paying the utility during that time. And is it a comparable cost structure? If there are incremental costs, who bears that burden? Are there elements of your contract with your customers if there was an incremental cost to pass that through? Just trying to get a sense.
