Jeffrey S. Finnin: Hey, Jon. 2 things in response to your questions, I guess. In terms of the guidance revenue, if you look at our revenue guidance for total revenue, as well as our data center revenue, if you look at the midpoints of those 2 numbers today, that difference is about $8 million, which is where it should be and in line with what we believe it will end up. When we gave previous guidance earlier this year, that difference was only $5 million, and it should have been corrected. And this quarter, we corrected that to make sure it was in line with where we need the -- where we think it's going to be coming out.
Jeffrey S. Finnin: We have not -- Jon, we have not typically disclosed what that number is. Historically, what we've guided people towards is when you look at our lease distribution table in our supplemental, typically those breakered revenue models will be in existence in our smaller deployments. And when you look at those deployments that we have today that are less than 5,000 square feet, that equals about 50% of our annualized rent. It gives you some guideline in terms of what that is today.
Jeffrey S. Finnin: Yes, Jordan, I think today, we sit with about $205 million outstanding on that credit facility. So it's about 50% utilized. And obviously, we continue to look at incremental capital needs in line with our business plan. And it's something we continue to look at very closely. And we'll look to term some portion or all of that credit facility here in the near future. I think in terms of amounts, you can kind of look at what we've done historically. We've termed out about a single turn of our adjusted EBITDA. It will probably be in line with something like that. We would like to maintain the flexibility and the capital structure, which is something we continue to favor as we look at our options to term some of that out.
Jeffrey S. Finnin: It's right at -- if you look at 3 or more, it's right at 63% in terms of revenue, and then 83% at 5 or more, Barry.
Jeffrey S. Finnin: Jonathan, just to add to that. When you look at the MRR per cabinet information, that is essentially a same-store pool, so that amount of square feet does not vary from quarter to quarter. So that amount is staying very consistent. It gives you a very good view in terms of what type of revenue growth we are being able to generate off of essentially the same square feet, same invested dollars.
Thomas M. Ray: I can pick up the cross-connect thing for a second. Jon, it's Tom. I think what you'll see is that cross-connect growth relative to our base of installed smaller transactions remains very, very steady. And the oscillation of cross-connect revenue toward new bookings and total new signed revenue really turns on how much activity we have in larger deals. So the core of the cross-connect business relative to the business that generates those cross-connects is remarkably consistent. And in quarters where we signed more larger deals, then cross-connect revenue, as a percent of what got signed, will be smaller. And in quarters where we signed fewer big deals, that ratio will go up.
Thomas M. Ray: I'd look it up very much like cross-connects, Jon. If you look at our -- if you go to the lease distribution table and look at the smaller leases, I think our experience this year is that the breakered revenue, in our cost structure associated with that revenue within those small leases, has remained very consistent. No real changes. And in quarters where we signed more larger deals, you'll find a greater mix of metered power in those quarters.
Thomas M. Ray: No real change. Anything you've heard from us over the years, Jon, we -- we value our equity very, very dearly. So we look at our near-term expansion as opportunities that are funded by debt are more attractive, and opportunities to invest where we already have a book of business. And we have turned investing in depth rather than breadth. Opportunities to invest where we already have a book of business, we already have boots in the ground, we already have good visibility, we have scale. And as such, we have lower expenses for follow-on investment. That's our top priority. And the other -- the component for us is we don't feel a need to get into new markets. It would be nice over time, but there's no pressure here. We have a nationwide platform, a couple of limited dots that we're not in. We don't think that impacts us from a competitive positioning perspective to land the best business in North America. So we'll go where it's smart, when it's smart. We don't feel any pressure to do anything. And generally speaking, we still favor depth over breadth.
Thomas M. Ray: Sure. Look, I think what we've -- this year, we've just been doing what we said we were going to do, nothing beyond that. We had strong objectives for the year. We wanted to move sales up quite significantly. And again, they're running at a 60% or greater quarterly pace on new and expansion rents signed compared to all of last year. And last year trailed down, so we're running almost double the rate average this year over the second half of last year. So we were pleased with the -- with what we view as a very strong turn. So we're pleased with the trajectory. And we are, by no means, content with the position. We believe we can do better. And we are just focused on getting stronger every quarter. So that's our goal. We've identified a couple of areas where we think we can get stronger as a company, and we'll have to see how that plays out over the quarters ahead. So I would view us as on track. And as we say here at CoreSite, we remain privileged to have more good work to do.
Thomas M. Ray: Sure. We don't expect to spend materially more dollars on field reps and sales next year than the run rate currently, that will go up a little bit but not dramatically. And I think in terms of momentum going into Q4, I guess I would answer it similarly to with what I've answered about breakered and interconnection. There's a kind of a fundamental book of business that is -- has become more predictable and larger this year, and we feel pretty good about that repeating. And then, in our business model, there is -- there are those larger transactions that lay on top of that. And it's very difficult to predict those from quarter-to-quarter. But in general, the markets remain healthy, and our team is in place. And so, we're just going to keep doing our jobs.
Thomas M. Ray: No, they are. The key there is, in our view, that the Richmond leasing, we don't think has much bearing on our business. The absorption in Northern Virginia does, and we were encouraged to see transactions get signed. So if -- our scripted comments, at times, are pre-recorded. In some days, a 2-day gap makes a difference. But we were pleased to see the information with the Yahoo! sublease signing this morning.
Thomas M. Ray: We do have a very good idea. We've disclosed in the past the number of deployments that have x number of cross-connects. I think, last quarter we said 60...
Thomas M. Ray: Inversed. 85% have 3 or more -- 83% of the revenue have 3 or more, and 65% have 5 or more interconnections.
Thomas M. Ray: Yes. We study our cross-connects pretty deeply. And if there are other specific disclosures that might be helpful, we're happy talk offline and figure out what we can do.
Thomas M. Ray: That's an incremental number. So we've really tried to explain to people that we've made a very significant investment, particularly VA2 and NY2 in building the core and shell, and prebuilding a reasonable amount of infrastructure associated with those core and shell. So yes, we believe the incremental investment and return on that investment is highly attractive. And with the number of megawatts available for that, we think it's quite significant.
Thomas M. Ray: I think it's -- I don't think that dynamic has changed a bunch. We've said ever since we came out that sales in the colo business really require existing inventory. And for larger transactions, pre-leasing is more accepted. It happens more often. So our fundamental business here remains in the colocation world and trying to drive ARPU and profit per dollar of invested capital. And we get our best returns in our colo business. And as we've said in the past, there are times, especially when deliver a new larger facility where we will go into the market and hit some wholesale leases to drive cash flow more quickly, and then, hopefully, recycle that inventory over time. But I think because that is our core business, you will continue to see us work to maintain some degree of inventory in our markets. But we build modularly just like the rest of the guys. We don't see any advantage in having $200 million of unsold capital in any given market at any given time. So I hope that provides the guidance you're looking for.
Thomas M. Ray: Well, I guess at a high level, Jonathan, I'd say we messaged to the street that we work to beat a 12 on a stabilized cash basis. And if you look at the front half of that has stabilized at a 6 or 7, you can look at a 17 or an 18 on the back end. And there have been a number of times where we've materially exceeded our 12. So we'll continue to work to do that. But the back half of sales or the, frankly, the return on everything after the first phase tends to be significant.
Thomas M. Ray: One component is the pricing data that we provide is generally in terms of square footage. So depending on the market and depending on the density, that can vary a great deal. And -- I'm sorry, it's also rent. I mean, the key there is that the pricing data is rent. And the MRR per cabinet includes power and interconnection. So there are times when you look at an opportunity and have a little bit lower rent, and you'll make more profit on other components of the mix. And that's what shows up in the MRR per cabinet statistic.
Thomas M. Ray: Well, I think that our cross-connect business just continues to exhibit, not only very consistent growth in revenue, but also a consistent growth in fiber count. And I'd say the shape of that is -- has also remained very, very consistent. We do believe that more equipment, more routers are going to be pushed further into the edge of the network. But I think, sincerely, I think that's a net add to the marketplace. Our cross-connect volume and our global gateway facilities has remained very constant. It has grown in a very consistent and healthy rate. So I think that the push of -- into edge deployments into these Tier 2 markets is real and it's going to continue to happen. But I think it's supported by a tremendous volume of fundamental demand. So I don't know if that helps, but our statistical data to-date shows our global gateway buildings continue to add cross-connects at the same rate as they have for quite some time.
Thomas M. Ray: Yes, I mean, again, I don't think there's been a huge change on that over the 15 years we've been doing this. There are certain deployments where you know that they're going to bring other deployments to the building or they're going to generate a lot of cross-connects. And those deployments, I think, have always been hotly contested in the marketplace. So I haven't seen pricing on those gem anchors really change. I think the -- as we've said for quite some time the last several years, I think pricing on the non-gems, the pricing on the less differentiated deployments has gone down quite materially over the last 4 years. And while that has been playing out, our business has grown very nicely. Our MRR per cabinet has gone up. And we just stand by the numbers that we've been disclosing and that we've been generating.
Thomas M. Ray: Honestly, it's much more simple than that, Dave. It's -- there are times when we're just running out of core and shell in a given market. And when we need to go build more core and shell, you see capital go out in a big lump. And then, you'll see us work through that core and shell over a few years, and then you'll have another step function of capital. So it really just turns on market by market, inventory availability and there's just -- there's no more science to it than that. I mean, there's rocket science in looking at are we leasing well? What is our ARPU? And what is our profitability per kilowatt? So we say yes and no to customer opportunities based on those metrics. And we say yes and no to more core and shell development based on those characteristics. But we like Virginia. We like New York. We like Santa Clara. We like LA. We like Chicago. We like Denver. And when we're out, we build more, and those tend to be lumpy.
Thomas M. Ray: Yes, I think we'll continue to look for those opportunities. And in Q3, our largest transaction at NY2 is an exceedingly valuable transaction. It's a very large deployment from a very reputable global carrier. The rent, the GAAP rent, appears low because it has a ramp in it. But the stabilized cash rent on that deal is highly attractive, and it's a very strategic deal. So we'll do all of those we can do. And I think over the next -- probably through this year, we'll still be opportunistic about some larger wholesale looking opportunities. We just -- we have 18 megs still to go.
Thomas M. Ray: No, I'd say we're clinical in what we focus on. And again, not to beat a dead horse here, but our view just haven't changed. We -- as we've look at M&A, Chicago would be a good place for us to add some local -- locally grown capacity, if you will. At the same time, our standards for deploying our capital in that direction haven't budged. When an asset doesn't bring a densely interconnected cash or rent roll to table or it doesn't have something unique, we do pay attention to price per kilowatt because we can build on our own without buying. And if an asset is priced appropriately for the rent roll you're buying, we're very open to acquiring. And if an asset is priced appropriately with a great rent roll, we're very open to buying. But we just remain disciplined around how we deploy our capital.
Thomas M. Ray: I'll dive in on this, Manny. I think at a high level -- so if you recall, the business that we bought in Denver is, by leaps and bounds, the most interconnected business along the front range or in this greater Rocky Mountain region. So rent tells a smaller part of the story with the value of the business than it might in a lot of other markets. At a high level, we're almost 3 years past the acquisition date, and we look back and we believe we bought that business at around 6.5x multiple on current cash EBITDA. So we're very pleased with the price we paid. We're very pleased with the asset. Extremely grateful to Mr. Gardner and his work in helping build it before we got together and after we got together. And it just couldn't have worked out better.
Thomas M. Ray: Yes, if you do just a current look back at the whole enchilada, everything we paid, and then look at the current adjusted EBITDA in place, it worked out very well for us. And we feel for everybody in the transaction.
Thomas M. Ray: Well, we think about it on an IRR basis. So we look at our trailing fill rate based on colocation, and we make a forecast based on that. We usually think we can continue to garner a little bit more market share as the years go by. That's been our experience and we hope to continue that. And then, you look at -- then you make a decision on how much you think you'll fill with that colo. And then, you look at the rest of the inventory that's available. And then, you just do an IRR calc based on if we fill it now at a lower rate, and it takes longer to recycle it back at high rates, where is the optimal IRR? So it's all just math.
Thomas M. Ray: Well, taking the last part first, we could just hire you in our marketing department. What we do is try to educate them. So with the Open Cloud Exchange and with -- we think the importance of private interconnections and private network connection from the enterprise to the cloud service provider, we feel very well positioned for that in our product set in terms of our offering, the exchange inside the buildings, and in terms of our network partners that bring people in. So we just try and educate them. And then, as to how the cloud ecosystem is coming along, we just, well, I guess, we'll point to continued consistent growth of the cloud signings. And we very much appreciate the value of the top 4 or 5 largest cloud service providers. We have people on those accounts. We've had very good success in penetrating them and providing value to them in a mutually beneficial fashion. So I just think we're focused on what you would hope we would be focused on, and just trying to drive more and more of those deployments into our buildings as more and more of them come to market. They're not all deployed in the market yet. So we've -- we feel like we captured our fair share and we're going to keep working to do that.
Thomas M. Ray: Thank you very much. And thanks to everybody for taking the time to be on the call and to learn more about the company. Look, at a high level, we're pleased with how far we've come this year. And we are very encouraged by the sales and marketing progress. We do feel like we can do more, and we're going to keep working on it. And the bottom line is we've been here for a very long time just trying to rewrite returns to our shareholders. We're working hard, we work to do the right thing, and we're going to keep doing that. So we'll continue to push productivity and look forward to talking to everybody in another quarter and seeing most of you at NAREIT.
