Maile Kaiser: Thank you, Paul. Today, I'll start off with a summary of our quarterly sales and leasing results and then talk more about our sales strategy and execution.Moving to our sales. For the quarter, we had new and expansion sales of $27.3 million of annualized GAAP rent. These sales reflected a record quarter for CoreSite where we delivered solid core retail colocation sales and a large pre-lease at SV8 in addition to other scale leasing.Turning to a few highlights on our sales. Our $27.3 million of annualized GAAP rent for new and expansion sales included $5.3 million of core retail colocation sales and $22 million of hyperscale and scale leasing including our pre-lease at SV8. These new sales included a 143,000 net rentable square feet reflecting an average annualized GAAP rate of $191 per square foot and strong sales of new logos. Our $5.3 million of annualized GAAP rent for core retail colocation sales included solid pricing on a per kilowatt basis compared to our trailing 12-month average. Looking at new logos we won 43 new logos, compared to 30 last quarter. These new logo additions reflect the highest number of quarterly additions in five quarters include quality new brand names that enrich our ecosystem and represent total annual rent nearly double our trailing 12-month average. We believe these new logos should help drive future growth and remain a focus and priority for us.Renewals were another key aspect of our leasing. During the second quarter, our customer renewals included annualized GAAP rent of $24.1 million reflecting our growing base of business and strong customer relationships.Our renewals represented rent growth of 2.6% on a cash basis and 7.4% on a GAAP basis, but included, as anticipated, higher than historical churn of 2.4%.Next, I'll talk more about our sales strategy and execution. I've been with CoreSite seven years, and in my current role as the Head of Sales for about a year. I can best describe our Team Sales focus as what we refer to as the community effect. Simply put, we bring customers together to support their digital transformations and access to new technology, such as new cloud applications, like advanced and specialized development platforms, analytics or machine learning, edge storage, and cloud adjacent storage, security as a service, and other SaaS offerings, and content delivery platforms. We have a strong ecosystem as we're positioned at the network edge, which creates an ongoing cycle of attracting large cloud and network providers and enterprise customers, who need to Interconnect their workloads and care about performance, cost, and latency, and need our proximity to serve their teams and customers with very low latency.To build on our ecosystem, we are providing our customers tools to drive opportunities for them to navigate their digital transformations. For some customers this means providing access to solutions like the CoreSite Open Cloud Exchange, which provides an efficient, flexible, and scalable SDN product, to interact with multiple cloud providers and CoreSite's SDN inter-site capabilities between markets that provide convenient options for WAN realignment as well as easy access to multiple cloud regions from a single market. For other customers, it may mean introducing them to our solution partners, which provide them access to important solution providers to speed and streamline our transition to a hybrid cloud architecture and empower them to manage and interconnect those related applications and workloads.As the market changes and shifts we are changing also. We continue to refine our go-to-market strategy for ongoing growth and community density, constantly working to attract new customers that value our ecosystem, serving new applications as they are created, and supporting new ways to serve the network edge as new technology and customer needs become more defined.As Paul mentioned, new capacity is coming online, which is critical to the customer opportunities we are pursuing. As we continue to demonstrate to our customers that we have the capacity for them to grow with us.In summary, while we've had a strong quarter, we believe we can continue to improve in retail, new logo, and scale sales, while constantly building on the community effect in our markets and periodically achieving complementary hyperscale sale.With that, I'll hand the call over to Jeff.
Maile Kaiser: Hi, Robert. This is Maile Kaiser, just to answer your first question on the scale leasing and hyperscale, there was other scale leasing in addition to the hyperscale that made up the $22 million and I'll let Jeff answer the other questions for you.
Maile Kaiser: I was just going to say, this is Maile Kaiser. And I would just add that, that it really is a lot of times customer-dependent on their timing and putting together all of that architecture in the design and if it's a migration versus a new project. All of those commencements can change.So, we're really at the mercy of their timing and requirements .
Maile Kaiser: Well, I think that we see them in a new form. So we definitely do quite a bit of business with SI and MSP but there are a smaller deployments and they're more aggregating hybrid cloud architecture and then helping to manage that hybrid cloud architecture. So, traditionally, they used to purchase larger deployments and try to build out their own private cloud. Now, what we're seeing those customers do, is provide additional services on top of a hybrid cloud architecture and deploying those services in our data centers.
Maile Kaiser: Sure. So I think as we look to target new logos and bring on a new customers, we're looking for customers that value our ecosystem and our community effect, and with that and those deployments that are looking to be closer to the edge and interconnect their workloads with our service providers in our cloud on-ramps. We see that that brings in more cross connect activity. So we feel pretty good about the new customers that we've brought on, and the mix of customers, they're actually, about 55% of the new logos were coming from enterprise, and the rest were coming from network and cloud, and those enterprises are looking to interconnect with several cloud providers and network providers and services. So we expect to see a growth in cross connects with those customers coming on board.
Maile Kaiser: So I think that the good news is, we are improving our win ratio that is one of our top priorities for 2019 in addition to improving sales productivity and increasing the funnel of new opportunities. So, both are critical. I think that we've seen an increase in the quality of new logos and opportunities in our funnel where we're trending in the right direction with our improved win rate. And again, our focus is on bringing in more and more customers that value our ecosystem and need access to cloud on ramps and the interconnection support that we provide in our data centers.
Maile Kaiser: And this is Maile. I think just to highlight what Jeff and Paul have shared, as we see our customers start to take advantage of some of the workloads that they can put into the cloud, we are going to see that right size of the deployment. But we're also finding that it's the exact same reason that we are winning new hybrid cloud deployments due to that exact need to have their workloads connected with the cloud providers and with low latency in the edge market. So where on the one case, we do see some churn on the other case, we do see new logos and then we also see it feeding into our edge campus cloud customers. So kind of a three pieces to that puzzle.
Maile Kaiser: And we've added a couple of new products into our interconnection portfolio as we've mentioned earlier the CoreSite interconnection Gateway that allows them to interconnect and manage the connectivity between workloads to different cloud providers, as well as the inter-site capabilities between markets. So connecting their existing deployment into a new market, so more interconnection product that we have, will continue to drive the interconnection revenue.
Maile Kaiser: Yes, hi, Jon, this is Maile. So we are actively pursuing backfill opportunities for any of the areas where we expect to see customers churn out. The good news is in most markets, the the location in which there, we're going to see that come back, is in turnkey colocation space and computer rooms, so very quick to be able to turnaround and support new customers. We've already been able to backfill a few opportunities and consistently look for pipeline to support the ones that are coming up.
Maile Kaiser: Absolutely. Thanks, Jon for the follow-up. So these are relatively new products. So I think it is still early stages, we are actively proposing them to existing customers that can take advantage of new sites and interconnecting the two sites together as well as reaching new cloud zone, availability zones, from their existing site with us, but it's also, I think also on the CoreSite interconnection gateway product, we're going to see that be something that new customers are going to be interested in as they look to migrate out of their enterprise data center and into a colocation site, but they're not yet ready to make that move. So this, we see, is kind of a, a way to bring them into the data centers. So right now we're seeing some good pipeline with existing customers and we think that that's going to grow as we sell it with our solution partners.
Jeff Finnin: Yes, good morning, Jordan. Let me see if I can give you some color related to your question. And hopefully it helps explain the increases and what we're seeing inside the portfolio, but just a little bit more broadly speaking, if you look at our churn over the last several years, our average has been right around 7.3%. If you look at the bankruptcy that we talked about last quarter plus another small one we've got, that increases that average churn by about 120 basis points. So, all in there, you're at about 8.5% and what we've seen since that as we continue to look forward is we've got some additional customers who are looking to migrate some portion of their IT architecture into the cloud and that element of what is really resulting in the increase for this particular guidance is the incremental amount we're seeing and looking at for the rest of this year. And so that explains the timing associated with it. I think we are optimistic that we will retain a larger share than what we are of their deployments, but knowing what we know today, we felt more comfortable to increasing that guidance to the levels of which we have guidance.
Jeff Finnin: No, it's a handful of customers that are driving that. And most of that as Paul alluded to, and we're experiencing in three markets, two of those markets are on the West Coast, and so it is a-- I'd say, four or five customers that are really elevating that churn. And again, we just, we're estimating, we'd be able to retain more of their architecture than ultimately we think we're going to.I think to your comment is to it being a more broad secular driver, I think inside our portfolio, it hasn't been as big of a driver as what we're seeing this year. And so where we're spending more and more time is getting our arms around what that looks like in the next one to three years, so we could better understand that dynamic and make sure we're obviously communicating that as best as we can. We hope this is elevated for a single year and not a sign of a trend to come, but that's something we got to spend some more time on.
Jeff Finnin: No, I mean the churn we experienced in the second quarter was right in line with what we had originally communicated, Jordan. So we had expected the Q3 churn to be elevated again at that 2.5%. I would say based upon what we know today, I would expect that churn in the third quarter to be somewhere between 3% and 3.5% and then back to around 2.5% in the fourth quarter.
Jeff Finnin: And just to add one more level, just for your modeling purposes if it helps, the incremental $0.05 for the year will be weighted toward the third quarter.
Jeff Finnin: Yes, good morning, Erik. Yes, let me just go to some of the, obviously the public comments I said earlier in my prepared script, but you're correct, I did say that the $0.09 that was attributable-- the $0.09 of the $0.16 was attributable to the legal costs and the incremental $0.07 is largely attributable to the churn, the market conditions in Northern Virginia, and the timing commencements. Those three are relatively weighted equally to be quite honest. And just so that you also have again for just full transparency, given everything we've disclosed around our guidance, there are some offsetting, expense savings, some of it in SG&A, and in operating expenses, but it's largely attributable to those two items that we highlighted, and those three items weighted relatively equal.
Jeff Finnin: Yes. I know that-- if you look at it from a topline perspective, those three have contributed to that $10 million reduction fairly equally at the top line. There is some additional power cost revenue also but the larger ones are the three that I mentioned weighted relatively equally.
Jeff Finnin: Well, it's a great question, Erik. I think obviously based upon what we've just talked about in some of those items influencing 2019, is providing some headwinds, and those headwinds will impact 2020, and I think we've obviously got a lot of work ahead of us related to the back half of this year. In terms of the highest risk, I think ultimately, sales and churn are probably the two, I would elevate to the highest risk. Obviously, Steve, Maile and the team worked hard on the sales perspective, and we're doing what we can to minimize the churn, but I would say, those would be the two that I would say to elevate the highest.
Jeff Finnin: Colby, to address your third question as it relates to termination fee. We don't have anything material in the second quarter regarding termination fees. However, I think what you're referencing is probably the bankruptcy, the customer that on the previous bankruptcy that we talked about, and I think it's important to just give you a little bit of color around that. When we went through, we basically negotiated a lease modification with that particular customer. And as part of that process, we drove overall economics that would include some level of a termination fee, but it doesn't get called that just because of the way it gets accounted for. But just so you're aware, in the second quarter we had $0.01 a share from that particular customer. And we expect another $0.01 a share in the third quarter from that particular customer before they vacate that particular computer room.
Jeff Finnin: Yes, that's a great question. So, I think if you just ignore the rebate in the second quarter, we would have had about $1 million of recurring capex in the second quarter, and obviously that's down just a little bit from the first. We've typically been forecasting somewhere between $1 million to $2 million per quarter of recurring capex for 2019, and that's what I would expect in the third and fourth quarter of this year.
Jeff Finnin: Yes. I think if you do a deep dive, just depending on how you categorize it for us, Nick it's about 2% of our embedded here today.
Jeff Finnin: Hi, good morning Frank. Well, I think we did reference it, but let me just to make sure you caught what we said is, when you look at SV8 Phase 1 and Phase 2, which is really what is a majority of our backlog today, we've got 6 megawatts of that 12 coming online late Q3, and the remainder coming on late Q4. And so that's the timing associated with that particular deployment.In terms of liquidity, we've got about $335 million of remaining spend based on what's under construction today, and our liquidity, we ended the quarter at somewhere right around $460 million. So we've got plenty of liquidity to take care of what's under construction today, so I don't see any needs for additional liquidity before year-end. But, it is something we look at, and we always want to be watching the markets to ultimately see if we want to do something based upon pricing and where markets are headed. But as I look at it today, and I don't think there is a need to do anything. And we'll obviously probably have through the first half of next year without any real issues on the liquidity perspective.
Jeff Finnin: I got to be a little careful here just due to the confidentiality we have with a customer. But just to help you out there, there is not a significant ramp there. I'd look at it fairly reasonable in terms of when it's coming online late Q3 and late Q4.
Jeff Finnin: Yes, Mike just to further that, as you look at the numbers we've disclosed, keep in mind, what's in DC1, DC2 is really the retail side of the business, and then the composition of the Reston campus. If I had to give you an estimate, it will give you something more solid, I'd probably say at least two thirds of that is going to be built up with our retail business. And so just keep that in mind as you think about that. And you guys are asking very good questions related to pricing and let us just dig into it more we'll give additional color and commentary on that as we move forward.
Jeff Finnin: Well, I think you're trying to look at it with, obviously, the information we've given as best as you can. And when I think about what we're seeing this year, I would say most of that churn is probably bucketed in two portions, one would be the 5000 or less square foot bucket and the other one would be between 5000 square foot bucket to 10,000 square foot bucket, and that's why you've seen some of the numbers being elevated just due to the size, but in terms of what, what that looks like going forward, where is our biggest susceptibility, that's a, it's a great question. I think that the most important thing is ultimately as Maile and Steve have alluded to in the past, we're ultimately trying to make sure we can address those hybrid cloud solutions. And the question is going to be, what portion of their architecture that we, that might reside with us today, either is retained with us or that moves to the cloud, and I can't, I don't think I have enough data today. It says because just see how much of that we've been experiencing, to be quite honest. It's just not that we're going have to dig into more and see if we can get it quantified for you. But just to give you an idea, those two buckets is where most of that churn resides today that I referenced earlier.
Jeff Finnin: Yes, I think just to give you some quantity numbers, I think obviously year-to-date our interconnection revenues up 9.4% cumulatively year-to-date. I think our midpoint of our guidance is 8.3. So we're comfortable where our numbers are for this year, and obviously, we didn't change the guidance. I think we've seen, in the first two quarters, we've seen good volume growth inside our business and that does play toward ultimately those customers that are needing to connect, whether it's to the cloud, whether it's to the networks, actually it's some of both. The growth in interconnection inside our portfolio continues to be very strong for those people needing to connect to the cloud.And I don't think that dynamic is going to change or subside anytime soon. And as long as we can continue driving those types of deployments Maile described, I think that will continue, at what levels, not certain, but we're comfortable with where we are for 2019.
Jeff Finnin: Jon, I'm sorry, I was just going to say in terms of occupancy, I mean if you look at our same-store portfolio, it's declined a little bit here over the last couple of quarters and I would expect that to continue as you point out, it's probably going to decline probably another 200 basis points to 300 basis points or before year-end based on the churn we're looking at today.
Jeff Finnin: And Jon the only change related to that is we did purposefully move back the completion of the Boston computer room due to the one computer room we're getting back. And so to your point, it helped, we're going to delay the completion of that room, but we still think longer term, we're going to need it. And as a result, we're continuing to move forward to just the timing is pushed back by quarter.
Jeff Finnin: Yes, no it's, those powered shell, obviously are not leased at the same levels in which typical turnkey is, so it did come down, but it was offset by the lease modification we executed with the other customer, that will come down in the third quarter.
Paul Szurek: Jordan this is Paul. I would just add two things. There is a little bit of a good news element to this churn we're experiencing because from what we can see pretty much all of it is going into the edge cloud cases that we're hosting. And so, it further cements the demand in our data centers for that activity. Secondly, as you know there is always different used cases that increase and then subside. And I think we're sort of at the tail end of the cycle of some of those historical use cases that are subsiding. So, I would expect, and Jeff and his team will dig into it much more extensively over the next couple of months, but I would expect that this will be a crest of churn for us and we'll see it subsiding in the coming couple of years.
Paul Szurek: So, Jordan. This is ongoing litigation. So there's not a whole lot we could talk about. I can tell you it involves a dispute with a landlord in one of our smaller markets that started with the construction issue, there is, the normal disclosure in our 10-Q, which we'll be filling soon. And as with all ongoing litigation, there's just not a whole lot I should comment on beyond that. To clarify the numbers, though it affected the second quarter, $0.04 a share, and we expect the full-year impact and obviously it's not perfectly predictable, but to be about $0.09 a share, full year including the $0.04.
Paul Szurek: Yes, Eric. We have a lot of opportunity between now and year-end, we have a lot of capacity, so we definitely have the raw materials to have a very strong. We'll have a good growth year next year regardless, but the strength of it will depend on how well we can capitalize on the raw materials we have in place.
Paul Szurek: Oh, on SV8, yes SV8, we will build that out as our traditional colo floor. Colby as you know we are flexible on all of our floors. They're designed where we can accommodate both scale, small hyperscale deployments, as well as retail deployments. And as we always do, we will pursue it on a broad range and make decisions based on customer ecosystem fit and pricing.
Paul Szurek: I think it really reflects the more new customers in this hybrid cloud type of architecture, and they tend to take longer to make some of the decisions they need to make to set up their space and even sometimes finalize the sales order for what they need. They have more decisions taking place than customers, typical customers two-three years ago would have had.
Paul Szurek: It depends on how quickly the market recovers. I don't think we have any coming up for a couple of years, but if market conditions persist today we probably would have some negative market-to-market on some scale leasing.
Paul Szurek: So, Nate, it really depends on the market being very candid about Virginia, if we did a significant amount of scale in VA3 we would at today's pricing not hit that 12% threshold. On the other side of the coast that with, as long as we have an appropriate mix of retail, we can still do a significant amount of scale and hit our underwriting hurdles.And I believe that will be true for LA and Chicago based on the interest we're seeing in the early stages of construction, time will tell on those. But in those markets right now the supply demand balance seems to be much more healthy than it is in Northern Virginia.
Paul Szurek: It's really hard to give you any guidelines on that because it's going to vary based on pricing and supply and demand in each market. So I think that is going to be a derivative variable as opposed to an outright target.
Paul Szurek: I think it will be very modest going forward. We do want to, we've got SV9 in Santa Clara and very glad to have that. We will, down the road, probably need to acquire additional pieces of land in Los Angeles and Chicago. But we are good for a long time in Northern Virginia. We're good for a long time in the Northeast. And obviously we're in good shape in Santa Clara.
Paul Szurek: We keep looking at them. I'll be honest, the more we look at new markets, the more grateful I am to be in the markets that we're in. I think relative to our size and based on the quality of our markets in terms of supply and demand in the other drivers of demand. I think share per share we have more opportunity for growth relative to our size as far as I could tell among our peers. So time will tell if that's an accurate prediction, but I feel pretty good about where we are right now.
Paul Szurek: We'd have to going to go back and calculate that relative to scale and retail, you know, Virginia still is primarily a retail data center campus for us and retail pricing has been pretty solid there. So, I don't know what the magnitude of that would be, but we'll try to present that on our next quarterly call.
Paul Szurek: And Michael, so far what we're seeing are really specialized use cases that are going into specialized edge cloud used cases. Most of what we have in our data centers, the network, the cloud obviously, that stuff is pretty impervious to migration of the cloud, and most of our enterprise occupancy is come in the last two, three years from customers that have already moved primarily into our data centers to do the hybrid cloud type of activity. I should point out, we also, one of our new logos this last quarter was somebody coming out of the cloud with a significant amount of capacity. So we're going to continue to see these dynamics and Jeff and his team have been working diligently this year to develop better predictive analytics around these things and it's still a work in progress, but I think we have enough visibility to not feel terrible about where the churn situation is with respect to cloud migration.
Paul Szurek: Yes, Michael, on a micro level for an individual customer to the extent they're keeping some deployment in our data center, they will either maintain their current cloud connectivity or even increase it depending upon how many additional clouds they use and how they architecture to potentially connect to different cloud regions for additional resiliency.
Paul Szurek: I think it would, Jon. As Maile was saying, this churn space is basically our generic bread and butter colocation product. So we just keep selling.
Paul Szurek: All the development that we have in process right now, we will continue to press forward on because we think we're going to need it. The new development quite honestly gives us the ability to handle much larger opportunities than what the churn space enables us to handle. The churn space just comes back into our generic retail colocation inventory.
Paul Szurek: So it really depends on the customer and the type in our traditional types of churn the SI, MSP, hosting companies that appear to be into their subsided cycle. We've generally been able to predict that based on the account representatives interactions with the customer plus some details around their activity in this space and historically we have been pretty accurate with that. Little bit harder to predict that with the things that might go to the cloud, because the customers themselves even though we are in close contact with them, are still evolving in some of these decisions, and so one month, it's yes we're not going to do anything for some period of time and then two months later, after more understanding of what cloud products are available, they make a change in decision. So that's why that segment is a little bit harder to predict than our traditional churn forecasting.
Paul Szurek: So in our markets. The only place we're seeing it is Northern Virginia, I've heard similar rumblings about the Phoenix and Dallas markets. But we're not in those markets, and I should also qualify that we're not, we don't have the capacity to be going after 12 megawatt to 18 megawatt deals in Northern Virginia. So, there might be less visibility for us into that particular subset of the market than others are seeing, and like you guys, I'm looking forward to seeing what we learn as our peers with activities in Northern Virginia report, in the next week or so, but so far, supply and demand, as I said, it looks pretty good in all of our other markets it looks pretty balanced, and again, the long-term secular drivers for demand. The new data products, the increase in the amount of content being pushed out. You know the increasing interaction with consumers and demand for lower latency, those all seem to be very much in place. And that's why we're seeing kind of consistent sales results across our core products and are hopeful of increasing that, over coming quarters, and why we still believe there will be periodically opportunistic sales for scale and hyperscale.
Paul Szurek: So, we actually track that pretty well, are pretty diligently, and so far between what we've leased for cloud applications, including all the different components of the cloud companies and edge cloud use cases plus what we've leased to companies coming into our data centers so that they could do hybrid cloud in the most secure and high performance way possible, we are way ahead on the whole cloud migration element. And I'm guessing If you talk to your colleagues in the enterprise space, they'd probably tell you that the vast majority of all migrations to the cloud are happening out of proprietary enterprise owned data centers.Again as I mentioned earlier, most of what we're seeing are specific use cases. And we're also seeing a lot of hybrid cloud that's coming to us specifically because they have the cloud operations right there on our campus or the direct cloud on ramps or the type of connectivity options we give them. So, net-net cloud is still a huge positive for us.
Paul Szurek: So we've been saying for about two years now that pricing for scale and hyperscale is coming down in Northern Virginia, we didn't really get to acid test that until we were out responding to RFPs for the new space coming on in VA3 Phase 1B and based on that, I would say that it has over the last three months to six months has continued to deteriorate a bit. It may be bottoming out right now. Everyone certainly hope so, but that's, that's our perception of the market.
Paul Szurek: That was just a space that was leased on a powered shell basis to a wholesale customer that's in one of those business models that has been declining for a while and to release it according to our normal colocation model we'll have to put some additional capital into that space to convert it from powered shell to colocation space.
Paul Szurek: So thank you all for your time and interest. Lot of good questions. I come out of every quarter, really proud of the team, the things the building blocks, we're putting in place for long-term growth have really come together well, and I like where we're going with that. I do believe the cyclical headwinds will pass and will be much happier as we have this additional space to sell, and I know one thing that you can't get any sales if you don't have the space to sell and so right now we have much more opportunity to sell than we've had in quite some time. So, I look forward to the future and I'm grateful to work with such a good great group of people to accomplish what we've accomplished so far. Thank you all very much.
