Jim Cleary: Yeah, sure. Thanks a lot for that question. And I'll start out by saying that we're really pleased that we're able to increase full year guidance of three key metrics: consolidated operating income, and US Healthcare Solutions segment operating income and EPS. And also note, as I said that we would be increasing our operating income guidance for the International Healthcare Solutions segment, if not for the negative impact of foreign exchange. And the reasons for the increase in guidance were the stronger-than-expected performance in several businesses. And as I said, the increase in FY 2022 guidance is not due to the important COVID treatment distribution work that we're doing. It's -- that contribution from COVID products distribution was higher than expected in the second quarter, but we view that as a pull-forward and our full year expectations from COVID product distribution are largely unchanged around $0.60 in the US and $0.10 internationally. So $0.70 on a consolidated basis, which was about what we were expecting three months ago when we provided guidance a few months ago. And so what we're seeing in the US Healthcare Solutions segment is increasing guide due to broad-based performance across several businesses, and we expect that to continue. Notably, specialty physician services, prescription growth across our businesses and the recovery in manufacturer solutions. So those are three key components that enabled us to increase guidance and we'd expect strong performance to continue there. In International Healthcare Solutions, there are a number of moving pieces that I mentioned that impact guidance. Importantly, we talked about the impact of FX and the strong dollar, and we sized that at north of $80 million on a constant currency basis. Our guidance assumes that the April FX rates hold for the balance of the year. And so that's a moving piece. I noted hat we benefited from a manufacturer price adjustment in a developing country. And for the full year, that price increase fully offsets the decline in value of that local currency. In International, as I mentioned, we have $0.10 of COVID product benefit, most of which occurred in the first half of the year. And then also one thing impacting our International guidance is the sale of Profarma Specialty in Brazil, which contributed $0.04 in the first half of 2022. And I think talking about International, a key point to make about our International segment is that it's performing better than expected at the initially budgeted FX rates. And finally, you mentioned COVID contribution. And I think we've been very transparent about the COVID treatment contribution. And so we'll continue to be transparent with that. It contributed about $0.22 in the second quarter, $0.32 in the first half and $0.60 for the full year is our expectation all these sensor for the US. And kind of the way that we come up with that estimate is for each product, we estimate the full year volume, calculate the full year contribution, there's significant volume from government-owned antivirals. And we assume that most are distributed. We're not factoring in all the volume that we expect to receive by the end of September, but we assume that we distribute most of that by the end of September. So those are some of the key assumptions that go into our guidance, some of the key moving pieces, and we'll continue to be transparent both in the US and internationally in terms of the contribution from COVID products. But I think the most important takeaway is that overall, we feel very good about our momentum and guidance increase, which is driven by stronger-than-expected performance across several businesses.
Jim Cleary: Okay. So there are, I think, three things there. Biosimilars and then I think drug pricing and then kind of the $0.70 on COVID therapies and what we would expect for the for the future. So on biosimilars, it's clearly -- it's been benefiting us in our specialty businesses and particularly our specialty physician services businesses, and we expect there to be continued growth and benefit there.  Biosimilars, as we've mentioned, particularly in that part of the business are profitable part of the business for us with strong margins. And so the trends and benefits that we're seeing there are quite positive and we'd expect it to be enduring. With regard to drug pricing overall, and I think your question was mostly around generics is there's really nothing new to call out. Overall, the deflation rates are relatively in line with the last couple of years. We expect that to continue throughout our fiscal year from a supply and demand standpoint, supply and demand dynamics remain generally in balance. And as we talked about, a really important point is that our business model is not as reliant on generic pricing as it once it was in the past, our leadership team has done a very good job of rebalancing contracts to have balanced profitability process portfolio of pharmaceuticals, including brand, generics and specialty to make sure we receive fair compensation in all those areas. So really nothing new to call out on the pricing side. And then with regard to the $0.70 benefit from COVID products. Of course, $0.60 of that is COVID treatments in the US and $0.10 of that for this fiscal year is international vaccines and other products. We just wanted to be really transparent to call that out and we'll be -- and we'll continue to be transparent in future quarters in 2022, and I would expect in 2023, calling out what our COVID treatment benefits are. And it's something that, as you can imagine, is to a large extent, beyond our control. And so it's hard to predict what the volumes are going to be next year. And so that's one of the reasons, Lisa, why we continue to be transparent in giving the specific numbers.
Jim Cleary: Yeah. Great questions. So you're absolutely right in the numbers. We've made $0.32 in the US from COVID treatments in the first half of the year, which was $0.22 in the most recent quarter and $0.10 in the first quarter, and our expectation is $0.60 for the year. As we look at volumes in the back half of the year, a significant amount of the volume is the government-owned antivirals, which have become increasingly available. And yeah, we did see good volume. You asked about the month of January. We did see good volume during the month of January during omicron, but as the antivirals have increasingly become available, and there's actions that increase access for those products, we would expect to see sales throughout the year. And our current estimates are that -- it's not like it's weighted towards the third quarter or the fourth quarter. It's roughly equal in both the quarters. And I think Steve has a couple of comments he wants to make.
Jim Cleary: Yeah. And so let me take a first crack at that. The reason why we're being so transparent, Eric, is because to a large extent, it's beyond our control. Of course, we play a really important part in the supply chain and doing the logistics and providing the access, that's certainly under our control. But in terms of the operating income contribution, it's something that is more difficult to predict than many aspects of our business that we've been planning for years. And so we provided the $0.70 benefit, $0.60 of which is the treatments in the US, specifically because it is a number that is harder to predict for next year. And so we want to be very specific in calling it out. I would expect that in all aspects of -- on COVID, it's going to be something that has an impact and we're going to be playing an important role for many years to come, but it's just a little bit difficult to predict what the profitability is going to be from it, for instance, in fiscal year 2023.
Jim Cleary: Yes, sure. So the -- that's one of the things that really attracted us to Alliance is the high margin, higher growth businesses. For instance, the Alloga business is a very strong 3PL business in many parts of Europe. And so just like AmerisourceBergen kind of our largest business is the wholesale distribution, but it's and we have market leadership there, but it's really strengthened by these higher-margin, higher-growth businesses. And also in international, of course, we have the World Courier business, which is a very strong business, doing logistics for drug trials. So we do see very good opportunities, and that's one of the kind of synergy work streams that we're actively working on. As for instance, World Courier and Alloga and things we can do together to make our offering even stronger. So I guess, probably kind of the key point to make is the higher-margin higher-growth manufacture solutions businesses and they are a key part of our international strategy and something that we would expect to continue to grow. And that's one of the things that if you look at our recent performance, as we've been focusing on that and after we've made the Alliance acquisition, it's one of the things that's been enhancing our gross profit margin and our operating income margin.
Jim Cleary: Yeah. And what I'll say is that higher labor and transportation costs, they continue to be embedded in our guidance, and they have been embedded in our results the last couple of quarters. AmerisourceBegen is impacted by higher labor and transportation costs, but less so than most businesses because of the value density of our products. And so we are certainly seeing it and experiencing it as all businesses do now, but it's something that we're able to manage, and it's fully reflected in our guidance. And I think that our teams are doing a terrific job of managing these costs.
Steve Collis: Yeah. Thanks for the question. So as has been well-documented, COVID case counts have fallen since the winter when there was a high number of cases and very limited supply of oral treatments. AmerisourceBergen stands ready to distribute treatments with our most needed. Pharmacies and other care providers have recognized the value of stocking these oral products and their long shelf lives and effectiveness against new variants has been helpful in driving demand and awareness for the products. And we are encouraged by efforts announced by the administration to make it easier for patients to access these treatments, including expanding test and treatment initiatives at pharmacies. And Good Neighbor Pharmacy has been very helpful in assisting their pharmacists and the critical roles in the community. So -- we -- as we said, we've credited to many of our members, and we are very enthusiastic about the role for community pharmacy in combating the next phase of the pandemic. Next question, please.
Steve Collis: So again, let me give you some of the component parts. As I've said, our assumption in guidance is that the April FX rates hold for the balance of the year. And that's -- if we look at that on a constant currency basis, it would have an impact that’s north of $80 million on a constant currency basis. And so that causes us to indicate that while we're maintaining guidance range that causes us to be at the low end of our guidance range. The manufacturer price increase, which is in Turkey, the impact that that has for the full year is that that price adjustment fully offsets the decline in the value of the local currency. And then specifically, with regard to Profarma, that contributed about $0.04 in the first half of fiscal year 2022, and we'd expect that transaction to close this month, Eric. And so those are some of the component pieces. As I said, if we're not for FX, we would be increasing guidance in our International segment and that the International segment is performing better than – better than initially budgeted expectations at initially budgeted FX rates.
Steve Collis: And just generally, I would add that Alliance Healthcare is performing well. We continue to be very impressed and I think are very compatible culturally with their management team. And we're getting to know all the countries well. We're slowly getting to visit all the countries or at least meet with the management teams. So -- and as Jim mentioned, some of the greater synergy opportunities we have are looking at the manufacturer services area. Obviously, AmerisourceBergen has a lot of interest in health systems and specialty products -- so -- and also, I think in Europe, you're going to see some changes in where products get administered and sometimes we can help facilitate that change. You'll also see us be very involved in lobbying, looking at advancing the role of community pharmacy and advancing the role of wholesalers like Alliance Healthcare, in the communities where we're serving in the countries where we're serving. So it's been a great add from -- for our overall portfolio. I think a lot of the staff, people that you don't get to speak to on these sort of calls other than Jim and myself, are tremendously engaged in the cultural integration and looking at all sorts of benefits to streamline and make the business even stronger within AmerisourceBergen, which is already a strong business, as I said.
Steve Collis: So then I'll wrap up our Q&A for today. We are very proud to reflect these results -- to report these results, which reflect our strong momentum as we finish half of our fiscal year 2022. AmerisourceBergen is really relishing our role as a global health care solutions leader that is clearly leveraging our commercial strength and intellectual confidence to continue to deliver on our promise and on our purpose, and to continue to create long-term value for all of our stakeholders. Thank you for your attention today, and we look forward to further discussions with many of you.
