Paul Szurek: Good morning and thank you for joining us today. We continue to execute well, achieving another quarter of strong growth with revenue, adjusted EBITDA, and FFO per share, each increasing 16% year-over-year. Regarding our strong internal growth, we had solid performance on substantially all measurements, including solid cash rent growth on renewals, low churn, and 8% year-over-year growth in same-store monthly recurring revenue per cabinet equivalent. Our sales activity generated $10.4 million net of annualized GAAP rent signed in new and expansion leases. Our core retail co-location business was solid, and we had a good quarter in scale co-location leasing. Healthy organic growth is represented by 90% of GAAP rent side coming from the expansion of existing customers. New customers looking to optimize their IT architecture who are embarked on a digital transformation drove the 28 new logos we signed in Q2. More importantly, we believe we continue to see an increase in the quality of new logos. The annualized GAAP rents signed by them in Q2 increased 13% compared to the trailing 12 month average, while the number of kilowatts licensed increased 10%. Hybrid cloud architectures appeared to be gaining traction because they permit scaling, expansion, cost efficiencies, and adoption of new technology products, including the constantly-growing menu of cloud based applications. We believe most companies today can deploy valuable innovative applications even globally from a single well-connected datacenter with the right customer ecosystem and direct connect facilities. Our network in cloud-connected datacenters together with our customer communities can help businesses with this kind of rapid scaling and innovation while also generally lowering their cost per data center capacity. Our facilities continue to benefit from businesses requiring low latency and robust performance to serve many consumers and enterprises in our very large edge markets. We remain optimistic about the demand trends we are seeing in these markets, and supply is generally in balance with demand. Our Q2 pricing realized reflects the relatively stable pricing in the markets and segments we compete in. We also continue to make solid progress on the building blocks for future growth. In Los Angeles, we commenced construction on 28,000 square feet datacenter capacity at LA2, which is 100% pre-leased. Following the expansion signed by one of our strategic customers of LA2, we have approximately 65,000 square feet of remaining capacity at this building. Overall, we believe demand remains stead in LA and continues to outpace supply in the downtown market. With these dynamics in mind, we recently renewed our existing space in LA1 and expanded it to an additional 17,000 square feet. Importantly, this renewal and expansion extended the term of our lease by seven years to 2029, and extended our control over our space at One Wilshire to 2044. As it relates to LA3, we continue to progress through the permitting process and expect to break ground in the last quarter of 2018. Please bear in mind that the timing is almost entirely determined here in Santa Clara and Chicago by the municipal permitting process. In Reston, we remain on track with our current phase of development at VA3 Phase 1B scheduled for Q1 2019 delivery. In Santa Clara, we commenced demolition of the existing building on the SC8 site earlier this month. We expect to deliver Phase 1 consisting of 58,000 square feet of datacenter capacity during the third quarter of 2019. In Denver, we delivered 15,600 square feet of capacity in DE1 or capacity in the downtown area remains constrained. We have seen good demand in Denver. Finally, we completed 18,000 square feet of additional capacity in NY2 in Chicago. In summary, we are pleased with the quarter and we are grateful for the colleagues who drive our success. I remain optimistic about our future opportunity, reflecting our solid position in great markets with large numbers of dynamic enterprises, large populations of consumers of content, numerous sophisticated customers of cloud, analytics, and similar data products, and a good pipeline of capacity growth for the intermediate term. With that, I will turn the call over to Steve.
Paul Szurek: Jordan, I just would add -- this is Paul. We are still in the window of expectations for receiving permits that we signaled previously, just at the slower end of that and that's 100% reflected on the fact that we're building an infill market much stricter permitting processes, generally understaffed government agencies. In the long-term that creates a lot of the value in these markets, but it does make the short-term permitting harder to predict.
Paul Szurek: Yes, I'll just speak to the overall demand aspects of the less than 1,000 square feet there first, I guess. I wouldn't say that I've seen any major shifts in that space, in that market. As I mentioned earlier, it's a continued focus for the company, our marketing team and our overall sales team to try to bring in those customers, the majority of which are enterprises that are looking to deploy and take advantage of the many networks and cloud on-ramps that we have in our datacenters. So overall, I'd say the trend is positive as more enterprises continue to adopt collocation in hybrid type of environments. But I wouldn't point to anything that says that anything dramatic has changed. As it relates to the larger scale leases, Jeff has probably more detail on the numbers there, but…
Paul Szurek: Colby, let me address your first question really when you look at that MRR per cabi growth, what we saw this quarter is very consistent with what we've seen in the past several quarters which is the interconnection revenue in the power revenue are really driving the majority of that increase, So for instance interconnection revenue in our same-store on a per cabi basis was up 10% and power was up 13%. Overall contributing to the 8.3% increase we saw year-over-year and as we look at the second-half of the year I would tell you that we would anticipate that MRR per cabi growth to be at the mid to higher single digits consistent with what we saw the first two quarters of 2018 to give you some idea of what we expect.
Paul Szurek: Not really LA2, a little bit in SB8 labor costs in the North California market are have increased materials costs have increased a bit, I'm sure you all know what's going on in the background there. But with all that and as Steve mentioned in his prepared comments pricing continues to be pretty strong. We were actually 3% above our trailing 12 months average on a per kilowatt basis and so we still expect to achieve or exceed our targeted returns on investment that we've previously talked about, so yes you got to be you have to pay more attention to your development planning and design in cost Brian Warren and his team are doing a good job with that and we think everything will work out pretty well.
Paul Szurek: So there's lot of different flavors of how companies can service customer desire for more nimbleness and how they provision aspects of their network. We recently pushed through and upgrade our open cloud exchange which provides a lot of that functionality more options for customers a broader range of choices they can make a greater API integration to other platforms and that's a utility that we can continue to evolve to give customers more control and flexibility about have a provision both cloud and network.
Paul Szurek: Yes, I think that the best way to look at that Sami as if you look at our payout ratio and just take the second quarter of 2018 and this is provided on page nine of our supplemental You can see that our payout is about 82% of our trailing 12 month FFO and it's about 91% of our trailing 12 month AFFO. I don't anticipate those increasing meaningfully there already at the fairly at the high level if they move it would be very at the margin at best, so what really is going to drive that growth is really growth in our cash flow which as we've talked in the past is really driven by what we define as cash flow that is distributable to our common equity holders, which is AFFO last nonrecurring capital. All of that's disclosed in the way in our supplemental but that's really the way we manage around our dividend increases is to monitor increases and CFDCE today and what we think it will do prospectively.
Paul Szurek: So honestly, I don't think there's any new news here within the ranges of what we said before and it's pretty typical for these types of permitting environments in fact I again I want to give credit to our development and construction team for being very proactive and getting us within the ranges that we've originally set, just to give you some historical perspective if you go back to VA2 which we built on land that we already own before we started the special exception, design and construction process we started that in early 2011 we're not able to bring new capacity on until the first quarter of 2015 so about four years, every project that we've got going on right now is tracking to about 50% of that timeline, so again not an unusual situation in many of these markets it just is what it is and it makes the asset more viable going forward.
Paul Szurek: So John, let me let me take a stab at that and Steve and Jeff can jump in it if I omit anything. We tried to give both space and power pricing because both components play into our business and with higher density step the power side of it actually tends to be more meaningful and as you saw from Steve's comments on a per kilowatt basis our pricing was 3%, the trailing twelve months. We don't break out pricing by market and by product because quite honestly that just gives away too much competitive information. But we do look at that internally and we feel good about where the trends are as Steve said it's up in some markets down and some others but overall it's up and as it relates to scale leasing, we tend to focus on those scale leasing opportunities that need to retail co-location ecosystem or the network ecosystem. There's more value to those types of scale opportunities in our data centers and so far we're seeing that pricing hold up pretty well although that does vary by market.
Paul Szurek: And I guess just some added color I guess there relative to the churn of that customer. The churn that we do expect is on our stronger markets, so as far as the backfilling and more customers in there were bullish on that and optimistic.
Paul Szurek: Yes, as far as the interconnection footprint typically on those larger leases we eventually have interconnection as less than you would see on a couple of smaller deployments where you look at it on our either per square footage basis or on a per kilowatt basis. I don't have the specifics in front of me and so that's individual customer, I'm not sure we will disclose that anyway, but not a material amount I guess it's probably the easiest way to put it in this great scheme of things is it relates to our interconnection landscape. As you think about scale leasing, as I mentioned before it's -- it is lumpy as far as the deals that we write, the overall pipeline is still very healthy as I mentioned earlier and the forecast as we look towards it is optimistic, it's just a matter of aligning those key deployments that also again value our ecosystem or looking to take advantage of it but also are willing to essential pay for it. There are some lower cost providers out there that don't offer that same value and if they are looking for just space, power and cooling and don't value that, it's probably not a great fit for us. So there is a lot of kilowatts that are being sold out there that's probably on a great fit for us and how we align that and be disciplined around our pricing and outfits and our ecosystem is the game we play. So overall we are optimistic and it looks possible.
Paul Szurek: Yes, Ari, as you think about it typically when we have ground up development starts like what we would expect to see what LA3 in 2019 that's typically going to drive CapEx at the higher [technical difficulty] than we would normally see. Without giving you some specific numbers, I would just anticipate it. I wouldn't see it decreasing meaningfully from what we expect for this year, let's just say that. I would expect it to be a little bit elevated like what we saw again this year.
Paul Szurek: So the good news is that we've restored our sellable inventory to more normal levels. I think we ended the quarter with about 265,000 square feet, a sellable inventory, we actually have -- we completed so far this year a 147,000 square feet. We actually have 161,000 square feet of the initial phases of development in various stages of construction or development and in those buildings we could very quickly have another 167,000 square feet of capacity and we still have some capacity in other markets for expansion. So we feel like we are in good shape when you look back over the last two years, we were. We have one building under construction in July of 2016 and no new land for development and now we've got four projects under construction or in development on new land and all of them are proceeding to pay, so we feel like we've rebuilt the pipeline and although the timing related to permitting is not greatly predictable, it's a matter of short timing and once we get through that the new capacity will come on in a very regular pace.
Paul Szurek: Thank you for joining us today. I do want to thank my colleagues for another solid quarter. We are all very fortunate to work with a talented group of people here at CoreSite. I also want to congratulate Steve and Maile Kaiser on their new roles of Chief Revenue Officer and Senior Vice President of Sales respectively, and thank them for taking all those larger roles. I look forward to seeing Steve and Maile can both further drive growth with their broader responsibilities. It is great that this exciting industry and our organizational ethos combine to enable us to provide these kinds of growth opportunities for our team. We look forward to the future. I hope you all have a great day.
Jeff Finnin: You bet. Really, Jordan, it's the increase in revenues is really attributable to two things. And that's really related to the timing of the commencements, and it's also related to the product mix, predominantly power. So as you think about commencements, even though we've taken them down slightly for the full-year, the first-half we experienced slightly higher than what we anticipated in terms of those commencements, so it led to higher revenue that we're expecting for the rest of the year. And then in terms of the profitability of the dollars, our product mix also helped contribute to most of that increase in revenue basically flowing down through adjusted EBITDA and to FFO. And then the other item that I mentioned in my prepared remarks really relates to just interest expense, which is we're doing better than what we anticipated in our original guidance. So those are really the three pieces that drive the $0.06 increase, but the revenue is really driven by timing of commencements and the product mix.
Jeff Finnin: That's exactly right. A greater proportion of the breakered product model than what we had anticipated.
Jeff Finnin: Let me just give you what the numbers are telling us historically and then Steve can give you a little commentary in terms of what the customers are seeing and saying. But if you just look at our product mix of power revenue today, that composition equals -- about 55% is on our breakered model and about 45% on our metered model. And that's been fairly consistent over the past several quarters. And so to date, we haven't seen a significant degradation of that breakered power model, but Steve can give you some commentary related to the conversations with customers.
Jeff Finnin: Yes. Yes, Rob, it was driven by -- there's a handful of customers in that second bucket and obviously one was a little bit on the larger side, but without going into any specifics around customer individual customer is about what we can tell you to.
Jeff Finnin: Yes, Nick what we're seeing from U.S. Colo is obviously it's contributing some to our revenues and has played in part to some of what we're seeing with the results and ultimately guidance. To date, U.S Colo contributed about for the second quarter they contribute about a $1 million of revenue in the quarter and that gives you some idea in terms of its contribution.
Jeff Finnin: Eric, one thing that I will point out to just because I think it's important as you and others think about models for 2019 because obviously we've had three ground up developments that we're working as Paul alluded too another thing I think I would add as you saw we put us under construction this quarter and so we have better visibility into the timing we've disclosed that at this point as being sometime in Q3, 2019 as when we think will be completed with that first phase. As you think about the other two construction projects that we're working on LA3 and CH2 We've always said that we always thought LA3 would be expected to be completed by sometime in the back half of 2019. And we still expect it to be in late 2019 but as Paul alluded to subject to what happened on the permitting process as it relates to CH2 we've always been saying it sometime probably late 2019 early 2020 as we sit here today I think it's probably leaning towards more early 2020 before that would get completed again tracking towards the latter part of our original estimate, so just think about that fact of that and as you guys model 2019.
Jeff Finnin: Sure. Yes, John, I think when you look at the guidance, we updated related to our CapEx spend, you can see the midpoint went up by about $20 million so kind of $295 million is what we are currently guiding to in terms of total CapEx spend. We spend $120 million in the first-half, which means you will see some acceleration spend in the second-half of the year upwards around $175 million, just given what our total liquidity is, I don't think we need to do anything from a financing perspective through the end of this year and so there is no need to do it. Having said that, it is something we watch closely to see whether or not there is any type of movements or changes in the markets that we might want to take advantage of. But as we sit here today if I had to bend, I would say I can't imagine doing something by the end of the year, it's probably be more of a first quarter maybe early Q2 2019 type of event unless something changes significantly from a pricing perspective that we might want to capture before the end of the year.
Jeff Finnin: Richard, let me see if I can address that and add any additional commentary. So we updated our guidance this quarter related to that particular churn event and just given some incremental visibility we have, we know that that particular customer is going to churn about 70 basis points of their deployment in the third quarter and we are estimating the remaining 130 basis points of churn in the fourth quarter. So I'm not sure I could add any more commentary associated with it beyond that other than to say that it's obviously a customer we continue to have conversations with and we will ultimately what they end up during the fourth quarter but at this point we are modeling as if they churn but we don't have perfect visibility into that as we sit here today.
Steve Smith: Yes, sure, thanks, Jeff. Hey, Jordan. Yes. As it relates to the overall mix and the, I guess, adoption of the breakered model, the core retail co-location space is a big focus for us. So it has been and we talked about that in the prepared remarks as well. And the bulk of those customers are typically buying at the size level and in the markets and the buildings where breakered is the predominant product that those customers are buying. It gives them better predictability around their costs and also gives us a better view into how we distribute power across the buildings. So overall, that's -- I think, just speaks to the health of our business in that core area of retail collocation and those hybrid type of deployments that we're seeing from those enterprise customers.
Steve Smith: Well from a overall pipeline perspective, if the pipeline continues to be healthy and you know, as you look at just the overall data growth in the market in general and just technology adoption, the pipeline does remain healthy. I think that the pre-leasing window is probably shorter than it's been historically, because there's more inventory that's available on the market. But at the same time you still see a healthy amount of pipeline that we feel like can time out well with when those commencements happen. So overall, it doesn't seem to be impacting us overall.
Steve Smith: And then, Colby, expanding to new markets would be a nice to have not a need to have we have plenty of opportunity in the markets where we are and frankly building out the campuses in the scale, in the customer ecosystems is a really good way to drive value both for customers and for shareholders. We do continue to look at other markets. If we -- where we can enter and follow our existing business model. Internationally our views have not changed on that over the course of the year, we continue to have very good traction with non-U.S. customers attracted to our campus communities and increasing amount of our customers both new and old who are able to go international via other mechanisms than been established in their own data centers in other places. Cloud, content, delivery and things like that so I think we provide a very good service to those customers by making it easier for them to do that within our data centers that have all the companies in the utilities they need in order to do that.
Steve Smith: Yes, this is Steve that for you it is lumpy as you've seen in our results and I think we kind of call that out as the expectation both in prior calls as well as going forward. We do look to really be disciplined on how we approach that marketplace and make sure that those leases that we're signing on that larger scale are additive and complement our ecosystem, so there's a lot of hyperscale deals that are going on out there that are probably not a great fit for us. Given the economics that are associated with it and whether or not they value the ecosystem of our customers as well as networks and other on ramps and so making sure that we get those right customers and right deployments. Doesn't happen every day but there is still a good pipeline of those type of deployments that are out there.
Steve Smith: Yes, I will dive in on that one. This is Steve, I think it's a great opportunity for us and it continues to -- you continue to see innovation in the marketplace that just turn the new businesses into global players, traditional brick and mortar type of businesses are being put on their head and now being done in more electronic ways that require low latency and all those are being deployed at the edge, a lot of round artificial intelligence as well as the emergence of 5G on the mobile front all that leads to the critical need to improve speeds of the end-user which means edge computing. So we feel like we are well positioned for that because that requires interconnection and networks to make that happen and we feel like we have a great model and in terms of both the interconnection footprint that we have as well as the ability to support some of those kind of I would call like kind of mid scale type of deployments that are typically come along with us, those edge type of environments.
