Jarrett Appleby: First of all, thanks for the question. First of all, you would expect some normal churn in the sales organization tied to performance and opportunities or both, so this is built into our plan. We did ramp up the team. We wanted to provide some additional color for you on this call in terms of where we are in getting tenured reps and ramping up the sales engine. This is in the range of what we would normally expect based on performance or opportunities in the business.
Jarrett Appleby: Well, there's 2 components to it. On the rent side, again, we are -- the types of performance-oriented deployments that we're selling now include rent, power and cross-connect. So if you look at it from a rent side, yes, they were our larger opportunity in the hosting provider. When they approached us, we did not have the NY2 solution available in Secaucus, so we weren't able to serve both the network performance side and the larger power side of that business. So we decided to move to New Jersey. In terms of the rate, we did see -- and we are replacing those types of solutions with performance-oriented applications that include rent, power and cross-connect in total.
Jarrett Appleby: Well, Jordan, I didn't think we disclosed post quarter that we did sign additional leases in NY2, for example. So those were deals that are fully closed in Q3 that did close in Q4 in the prepared remarks. So we've seen some of those larger deals delay in that new site, and we shared that script here. We do see continued growth. The larger deals...
Jarrett Appleby: In the total, yes, there was the larger, lumpier one there. So that did not close in the quarter, but it did post quarter, saw it at NY2. We do see a lumpy Q3 for some reason. That seems to be the larger deals don't seem to get as close as -- and they're -- that many of those have moved into -- most of those have moved into Q4.
Jarrett Appleby: It's really deal-dependent. Several are related to government -- a couple of them are government-related. They just got delayed in terms of funding, again, with the federal shutdown, and some of those opportunities are already in Q4. Largely, I think those are deals dependent on end users, so we don't have direct input. And it was a big shift that you see us doing. And we balanced out both the vertical, which we're getting great success on networking cloud vertical, and digital content, to start going a little more direct with the geographic enterprise focus. So we're doing both there to get more control and manage that to move away from some the system-integrated dependencies on end-user deals.
Jarrett Appleby: Well, in terms of the global business, Stephen -- we are seeing -- we've been spending more time directly, not really with interaction or -- it's really direct relationships we have with NTTs and BICS of the world. We are spending more time, ourselves, in Europe and Asia directly with the network providers they deploy here. And we're excited because they are choosing us and our sites to provide alternatives in new -- North American markets, and they're bringing larger deployment like the NTT example, that we use here. So that is a direct relationship and focus on the network side. And on the cloud side, we do see, again, benefits with these cloud service providers, the infrastructure and service providers to enterprises, and we see continued focus and growth. We went -- last year, we had a -- last quarter, we had a great quarter with 65 networking cloud deployments. Now with 71 this quarter. So we are absolutely targeting those networks in cloud where we believe the enterprises will want to connect. And they're setting up their service offerings in these sites across our platform.
Jarrett Appleby: Well, you are seeing here the commencement data that we are deploying, and some of the larger and smaller deployments are going on, on a timely basis. The largest opportunity that we mentioned, I think, Jeff talked about in terms of the power with scale over the course of 2014 timeline, the very large ones do take larger time to deploy. The smaller opportunities and leases that we're signing and the midsized are coming in on a timely basis. And you can see that in the commencement data that we're providing.
Thomas M. Ray: So Manny, if you look at our churn in the Q, and the move-out in NY1 was a meaningful component, there were 3 deals that moved out that represent about 2/3 of all the churn. And as we look at rent margin on power and cross-connect revenue, the sum of those revenue and profit streams with regard to power, some of those, for the trailing 12 months that we've achieved in the 3 buildings that these 3 moved out of, the trailing 12 was 59% greater than the rent, power profit and cross-connect revenue that moved out. So as to rent, 3, 4 years ago in NY1 when we signed this customer on a rent only model, that rent has moved out, and it was a reasonable rent. It was, in terms of profitability, substantially below what we've been achieving in the trailing 12 months in each building where these deals moved out. So hopefully, that gives some color around the churn.
Thomas M. Ray: No, we can give it a new range. But that revenue negative variance on metered power from a single building customer puts you at the low end of the range from what Jeff said at Q2.
Thomas M. Ray: Well, Jon, throughout the year, that mix has been increasing, filtered toward breakered-amp. And we've been disclosing the growth rate around sales of breakered power so that -- there's been clearly an increase in that, and it's been material. I think the deals signed in Q3 -- you have a significantly greater portion that was breakered than on our trail -- because we didn't sign any big deals in Q3. That was just a big deal lumpy quarter, and that's that. But across the year, the signings on the breakered model have grown substantially. And we will just encourage people to look to the growth rates and revenue from the sale of breakered-amp power that we've been disclosing to get a read on that trajectory.
Thomas M. Ray: You bet, Jon. I think there are 2 dynamics at play inside our interconnection revenue. One is we had a big, meaningful price increase that we implemented about a 1.5 years ago, plus or minus, so that led to a significant jump at that point in time. And I think you could pretty well see that over 1 to 2 quarter basis -- 1 to 2 quarter period. Since then, we had still consistent growth, and most of that growth is backed by or is driven by increases in volume. So we're working hard to make sure that the investment community understands, not only the trailing increase in revenue, but also the trailing increase in cross-connect volume. And over time, you should think that maybe you get a small increase in pricing, a colo-based cost of living, a 3%, plus or minus, increase in pricing over time, all of these being equal. And the rest of your growth rate and revenues are going to correlate to growth in volume. That's over time. In the near term, we believe our embedded cross-connect base still has greater than a 3% upside versus the market. And so we think there's still some running room there. And I don't expect the Open IX initiative to materially change that in the near term. So I hope that helps.
Thomas M. Ray: Dave, let me touch on this dynamic at a higher level for a moment. I think that our business is -- spans the spectrum, as we all talked about quite some time. We do smaller deals. We're very well practiced at them, and we have a good internal sales engine to execute them. That sales engine, frankly, is a little bit behind in terms of staffing and resource capability right now than we'd hoped. Q3 was kind of a one step forward, one step back quarter in terms of staffing, and we'll get over that. But we have that capability, and separately, we're practiced, if you will, wholesale guys. In Q3 and really in Q2 as well, you saw less wholesale sales at CoreSite. We have 2 big development projects coming online. We have NY1 coming at the end of this year, and VA2 coming in, in the middle of next year. And we just look at those, really, on an IRR basis. And there's some level of that inventory that's coming to market that we believe is smart to sell back into the wholesale funnel or just trying to give the Street a heads-up around that. And the reason we believe that is the incremental return on the incremental cost of developing new kilowatts inside this core foreign shelf that we just completed is fantastic. It's not as good as what we can do with that capacity over the long haul, but if, let's say, NY2 was little over 20-megawatt building, rather than systematically working through the whole thing with performance-sensitive colocation, we're going to drive the transaction engines steady and consistently, and we feel like that, that engine and its profitability in terms of breakered power and cross connections is accelerating. And we will work to go do some larger deals. So at this moment in time for Q3, you saw no larger deals in the company and a little bit softer overall revenue and sales growth because that dynamic -- but it's a dynamic we've been managing for over a decade. And there are -- the best business for us is the performance-sensitive colocation business. We're focused on it, and we keep executing on it. Separately, there had been times in the past where we have warehoused inventory with wholesale rents simply in order to get paid and generate cash flow, but with a view toward recycling that capital, that -- those kilowatts in a 5-year period, plus or minus. When you have a big building coming on, you orient a little bit more toward that. So we understand the concern in the marketplace. We understand it, we respect it. Our business is straightforward, and we're doing the same thing we've been doing in the past. The profitability of our colocation and transaction sales, we believe, are clearly increasing. We believe, year-to-date, we've shown fairly convincingly that we're making more money on less capital than we did before. And going forward, we'll see us tilt back and grab a little bit more of these wholesale deals. And we'll manage that dynamic on an intelligent cash flow IRR basis for our investors. So there are dynamics at play, and we want to just be very direct about them. And we're going to keep marching about our business.
Thomas M. Ray: You bet. Again, we've shared this in the past that we look at this issue in terms of how many cross-connects are in place per deployment. And we've seen that move in the right direction as well. So like the clinical data at this point, 83% of our revenue comes from deployments with 5 or more cross-connects, and 63% of our revenue comes from deployments with 10 or greater cross-connects. So that's our best read into what's performance-sensitive. And those ratios have increased over the last year since we've started talking about them. And I think that's probably the best way to look at it.
Thomas M. Ray: Sure. I mean, look, the Bay Area is a tough market. It has been for 2.5 years. I don't know that it's materially tougher now than it was a year ago. There is a lot of space available to come back to the market via Facebook, but as with any real estate product, when lease terms get shorter on a remaining primary lease, and that primary tenant is working to sublease, cooperation with the landlord is valuable to help clear out that sublease inventory. To date, we really haven't seen much. I can't think of any offhand, but I might be wrong. If The Facebook sublease inventory gets resold, that's good and bad, right? I mean, if rates are -- I think are steady, that's not a great level, but they're steady over the last year, but you still have that shadow supply working its way back towards the market. Our objective is to -- if Facebook leases -- subleases its capacity on our portfolio, we understand that. If we have an opportunity down the road from here to make an intelligent deal with them where we can recycle that to colocation and not deploy capital to build another building on that site, just use that as -- use the Facebook inventory as a slot in our manufacturing schedule, if you will, for building product, we will take advantage of that opportunity. If we can't make -- if it's not rational for the parties to make an agreement before they roll -- we did structure their roll with us as 2.6 megs in the first year and another 2.6 in the second year, plus or minus. And the reason we did that is we've historically leased about 3 megs in our traditional product mix. 3 megs a year in the Bay Area, and that 2.6 is a pretty good fit with our retail operation. And we just don't plan to -- if all the Facebook stuff comes back to market in 2 years, I think wholesale rates will be pretty tough. They could get tougher. One could certainly see that scenario. We don't plan on reentering that space into that climate, and we've structured our lease accordingly.
Thomas M. Ray: I think that's unlikely, Jordan. I mean, we never say never. We're cash flow optimizing mindset here, but I think that's unlikely. I think these are -- it's substantially more likely that they'll be enterprise in cloud and network, from a network service provider's who, of course, also have growing MSP and cloud businesses inside their organizations. So they're taking larger footprints, but they're also interested in the -- being on top of their fiber paths and other parties' fiber paths, so I doubt they'll be resellers.
Thomas M. Ray: Yes, I just think that the early days of lease-up at NY2 were very heavily orient toward more wholesale-type requirements as we get traction going in that building. We feel good that we'll have plus or minus, and it could be a plus 10 networks contracted in that building when we open it. We feel good about the fundamental business plan we laid out when we made the decision to go there. And it's easier to kickstart a big new data center by nailing a couple of larger deals and putting cash flow in it. While we do that, we'll be moving to transaction engine. But in the early days, you'll see a greater weight, a greater product mix oriented toward wholesale. And throughout the course of the investment, you'll see that mix shift much more strongly over to performance-sensitive colocation if we're right about our thesis. So it's just the timing, approach. It's the approach to how you manage the lease-up of a new data center in a new market.
Thomas M. Ray: Well, look. I mean, the ultimate cure -- for my view, the ultimate cure for stock price valuation is performance, the EBITDA and FFO and the FFO distributable to shareholders. So you cannot be cured, absolutely. Companies perform or they don't. And we live by those laws, and there you have it. We feel every bit as excited about our ability to grow earnings in this company as we did a year ago when sentiment is really high. So that's how we view the world. Are there opportunities? Well, look, I just look at it this simply, Jordan. If you can -- if the wholesale landscape gets to a point where you can buy wholesale products below the depreciated replacement cost of the asset, that can spell opportunities for anybody, just building a platform. That said, I don't see prices anywhere near that level, and we are not interested in buying somebody else's wholesale space at more than we can build it on our own. But yes, if there was such a level of distress in the wholesale segment, I think there'll be opportunity. I think the performance-sensitive colo business remains a steady, solid business. So I just don't see a huge amount of distress coming around that such that it would be meaningful valuation arbitrage. It would be great if I'm wrong, we'd like to be a predator in the jungle rather than a prey. There's no doubt that's how we're wired as human beings. I just don't really see that landscape, but we'll see.
Thomas M. Ray: I just want to thank everybody for their time. Again, we appreciate that there a lot of questions out there in the marketplace right now. We're about our business, and honestly in most respects, we look at Q3 as another day on the job. And we're excited about the go forward. We're happy to follow up in any manner and talk more about the information that's already been publicly disclosed to help people understand it. And we look forward to seeing you again in the quarter. Thanks for your time.
Jeffrey S. Finnin: Yes, Manny. Just picking up from where we left off last call, the guidance range that we gave in connection with Q2 was we guided towards the lower end of that revenue range -- of the original revenue guidance range, which was $237 million to $247 million. What I mentioned in my prepared remarks and is consistent with what we saw in the second quarter is that our customer at SV3, the revenue associated with their power revenue has decreased and -- which is on a metered power basis. We essentially said that the impact, the revenue impact from that particular decrease in draw was about 1% to 2% of our overall revenue. Well, ballpark, call it about $3 million.
Jeffrey S. Finnin: Let me get that for you here before the end of the call, Jordan. I don’t have it right off top of my head.
Jeffrey S. Finnin: Yes, Dave. Appreciate the question. Just let me dive into this because I think it is important to make sure people understand the amounts around it. And some of it is provided in the supplemental, and some of it is not. But let me just dive through the components. As you look at development, obviously, you've got capitalized interest, taxes and insurance. On Page 20 of our supplemental, you can currently see how much we've capitalized in interest year-to-date, which is about $3 million. On an annualized basis, it would equate out about $4 million. That equals about 60% of our year-to-date interest expense. So I think the best way to think about capitalized interest is if we were at 60% of it being capitalized year-to-date in 2013, we would expect that to moderate in 2014 as those developments complete and start to come online. And I think a better range would probably be somewhere in the 40% to 50% range rather than 60%. The other component of that is taxes and insurance. So the smaller amount -- and we don't typically disclose it, but just to give you some context, year-to-date, we've capitalized about $1.2 million through September. On an annualized basis, that's about $1.6 million. You would expect to be about a 50% reduction in that amount in 2014, given the timing of those developments coming online and what else might be in the pipeline in 2014. The third component, Dave, you didn't specifically ask, but let me touch on it because we -- it was categorized in those comments, and it's around some of our IT development and expenditures. As we've disclosed in the past, we are incurring some development dollars associated with our IT systems. And year-to-date, we've capped about $1 million of those costs through September 30 on an annualized basis. That's about $1.3 million. As we've said in our prepared remarks, we expect a development of that IT initiative to substantially be completed by, call it early Q2. And as a result, there'll be some development subsequent to that point, but we would expect those dollars also to decrease by about 50% in 2014.
Jeffrey S. Finnin: Yes, that's a great -- I think -- we typically model our stabilization period when we deliver space over about a 24-month period of time. And I think that's been fairly consistent. At times, we beat it. But I think that's a fairly good way to look at it in terms of the space that's being delivered. As we said in the prepared remarks, on NY2, we expect to bring on one of those computer rooms in December. The other 2 in early Q1, and so that gives you some idea on the timing of that particular development.
Jeffrey S. Finnin: Yes, it's a great question. I agree with Tom. I don't think it's a substantial portion, but I don't have it specifically in the front of me, John. It's something we can do an analysis on and get back to you on, but I don't have this specifically in front of us.
