Jim Cleary: Yes. I'll just say with regard to shipping specifically, we don't have anything specific to call out, I mean, our teams are experts in this and are very focused on it. And like some of the things that we actively focus on are monitoring any shipping disruptions and working closely with our manufacturer partners and our provider customers to analyze and ensure sustainability of supply. And like I said, we don't have anything specific to call out other than to say our teams are experts in it and very focused on it, Stephanie.
Jim Cleary: Sure. With regard, Lisa, to the moderation of generic deflation, and as we've indicated over the last several months, there's been a moderation in generic deflation, particularly in certain pockets of the market and we've certainly benefited from that to the extent that it's been a smaller headwind. And if the moderation in generic deflation sustains and is more broad, it would really be a benefit to us -- continued benefit to us as the annual headwind would be smaller. In terms of ranking them, just one point I want to make, just the volumes were so strong this quarter with 15% revenue growth and, as you well know, when you can have 13% gross profit growth and 8% OpEx growth, that really is kind of a big driver. That operating leverage is a big driver of operating income growth. And so that volume is driven by a number of things, including commercial COVID-19 vaccines were a really good benefit for us during the quarter. And so I really wouldn't make too much of the ranking though. And the generic moderation trends were certainly positive for us during the quarter. Thank you, Lisa.
Jim Cleary: Yes. And so let me kind of address that with regard to your questions on kind of the GLP-1 growth and the GLP-1 profitability and the impacts it has on our business. And as we talked about, we've continued to see strong growth in drugs in the GLP-1 class. The revenue this quarter grew by $2.2 billion versus the first quarter of fiscal year 2023. As I talked about in the prepared remarks, our consolidated revenue was up 15%. And if we exclude the increase in GLP-1s, our consolidated revenue growth would have been 12% during the quarter. And then with regard to profitability, my comment there is consistent with what we've said in the past. GLP-1s continue to be more impactful from a revenue growth perspective and are minimally profitable for us given that they're a brand with cold chain requirements also, Eric.
Jim Cleary: Yes. I'll add one minor point in response to your question. There was growth in vaccines in Canada during the quarter, but it was a small part of the growth, really the growth was driven by the core part of the business, which performed very well during the quarter.
Jim Cleary: Yes. And so let me talk about brand price increases and what we've been seeing. The January price increase activity was broadly in line with our expectations. And I'll also say that, as we've said in the past, that brand inflation is less important for Cencora than it once was since well over 95% of our brand buy side dollars are fee-for-service. And then what I'll just say with regard to our kind of expectations and what's in the model for the balance of the year with regard to brand pricing, we don't have specific guidance metrics on drug pricing, but our expectations that we have in the model or that will be generally in line with the changes we've seen over the past couple of years. Thank you for the question.
Jim Cleary: Sure. Erin, with regard to your question on Animal Health, our Animal Health business had a particularly strong growth in the quarter and it had very good performance. And it also benefited from an easier comparison, given the industry-wide pressures in the prior year December that we called out last year. And so particularly strong operating income growth and also very good performance from a revenue growth standpoint. It had low-double digit revenue growth in the quarter, with growth in both the companion animal business and the production animal business with growth being stronger in the companion animal business. And then one just final thing I'll say is that we've seen just very strong execution by our Animal Health team, just as we have by all of our teams across Cencora. So thank you for that Animal Health question.
Jim Cleary: Okay. So let me start out with Egypt, Eric, and we haven't specifically disclosed the size of that business, but let me say, yes, you're absolutely right. Our operating income growth would have been higher in the quarter if we had backed out Egypt, for instance, from the first quarter of last year. But let me kind of give you some data that I think would be helpful, as you do your models over the course of the year. The Egyptian business was profitable in the first fiscal quarter of last year, as we just referenced, and then was essentially flat in Q2 and Q3. And then it had a loss in Q4. And so for the full year, it was a slight -- a slightly profitable business in fiscal year 2023. And so it really doesn't have, if you look at on a full year basis, it doesn't have much of an impact on kind of full year growth rates in the International segment. But as I said, during the first quarter, the growth would have been a little bit higher if we included or if we backed out Egypt from last year. And then with regard to kind of U.S. Healthcare segment and GLP-1. So the U.S. Healthcare Solutions segment in revenue growth, we now expect 11% to 13% growth, up from our previous expectations of 7% to 10% growth. And the new guidance range reflects the strong revenue growth we saw in the first quarter, including the year-over-year growth of GLP-1s and continued good growth for the remainder of the year, driven by expected broad based prescription utilization trends. And so GLP-1 essentially contributed 3 percentage points of growth in the first quarter. And we expect just kind of continued good growth throughout our business during the balance of the year and feel really good about the business overall and really good about our guidance. Thanks.
Jim Cleary: Yes. So I'll say, overall, we feel really good about our prospects in global pharma services and patient services and the sorts of things that CenterX does. And we feel just very good overall about the growth prospects there and really don't have any comments beyond that other than to say kind of global pharma services. And those businesses like CenterX are just a key part of our growth this year and over our long-term guidance also.
Steve Collis: Yes. So on our logo business, and of course, our World Courier business which does more specialized logistics, are both performing very well. And we expect to see continued growth in those businesses. We have a logo closely linked with our traditional RCS business in the U.S., and we're getting away from those names as we move to Cencora and global programs. But those businesses continue to be of significant interest to manufacturers. They help with the commercialization process. They provide efficiency both for large and small manufacturers and are a key element of our growth. In Europe, we have some stronger competitors there. And it's a more established industry, I'd say. And of course, every country is a little bit different. But as a generalization, I'd say we have stronger competitors there. And certainly Cencora intends to raise the bar. Our leadership is very focused on becoming the leader in that industry in all the major markets we're in. And you'll continue to see us making progress because we have a great understanding of the whole healthcare ecosystem that is hard for others to have. We have it from the provider, the manufacturer perspective, the health system perspective, and we have it across so many different countries and healthcare ecosystems that I think it just gives us some business intelligence that is hard to replicate, and you'll expect us to continue to do very well in those areas. Jim, the second part was for you.
Steve Collis: Yes. It's a very good question. Certainly, I understand that. I mean, investment cycle, in life cycles, in the -- in life sciences and the approval cycles, we've had experience with this through businesses like Lash and even in my early days, RCS, as we look at products getting approved or not getting approved, and as you look at the VC funding cycle and as you look at M&A from big pharma and just smaller pharma. And I'd say that the market has been a little bit softer than in the last year to year-and-a-half with some of the geopolitical and inflation and market pressures. But you are seeing a -- I think there's a real thesis of a tremendous investment in innovation, precision medicine, cell and gene therapies, which Cencora is uniquely positioned to capitalize on, and you'll see us continue to benefit we spending just getting ready now for our March strategic plan presentations to the board, we spending a lot of time looking at our commercialization services capabilities, how do we become the best-in-class in all the various areas that we're in, including the four main segments that PharmaLex is in, development, consulting, regulatory affairs, pharmacovigilance, quality management and compliance. And we think that there's a real role for Cencora globally in those launches, in those commercialization services. And you'll see us continue to invest. We're happy with the team we have in place. We're happy with the U.S. presences we have there. And you'll see us continue to benefit and we'll be a little bit affected by the economic cycles. But there's a global trend here, which is a long-term trend, which we intend to capitalize on.
Steve Collis: Yes. So I think we always one of the things that I learned early on in my career is that we always have to be very mindful of reimbursement for our provider customers. Of course, we do a lot of work with independents, in particular with Elevate, PSAO, and we've been saying for a while that some of the rates are not manageable. So to see an industry leader step up and really talk about changing the model, I think is very important. We would like to see a fair and transparent reimbursement system for all categories in pharmacy, include -- especially community pharmacy, and especially including independent pharmacists who we feel a special need to advocate on behalf of. So it's early days. It's encouraging that there is some talk about adoption of the cost plus model across the industry, and we'll see how the industry responds and payers respond, et cetera. But we believe that this is a sign that there does need to be an improvement in the base profitability of community pharmacists, which is encouraging.
Steve Collis: Thanks, everyone. I appreciate your patience. We ran a little bit long today. So this wraps up our call for today. I just have to make a little note that at the end of our fiscal year 2023 call, I received a little pouch and it was 50 quarters from my predecessor to commemorate 50 earnings calls. So once we're counting, 51 is clearly one of the most memorable and exciting quarters that we have presented, and even more so to do it under the new call ticker symbol. While we have a lot of work ahead to continue to deliver on our purpose and the potential of Cencora, we are really proud of the work our team members are doing to position us successfully and strategically at the center of pharmaceutical based healthcare. Thank you for your time today.
