Steven Collis: Yes. Elizabeth, thanks for the question. I'll take it. And so our Board has been obviously a company of our size and the enterprise that we manage, of course, is very focused on the practice of succession planning, and 2 weeks ago, I actually had my 30th anniversary at the company, and of course, 13 years as CEO, and Bob has been in the COO position for 2 years. So we've been focused a lot on making sure that key executives have the right development opportunities. For me, personal, it was -- personally, it was really imperative that we have an internal candidate because of the importance of culture in our relationship, the importance of knowledge of our customers and the complex enterprises. Honestly, any new executive that comes in the company, after 6 months, the first thing they say to me is, I'm shocked how complicated everything is. And that's because it's a lot. We have a lot of different aspects to our business. And it's -- so it's important that someone that knew the business really well would be my successor. And during the last few years, Bob has exemplified the sort of leadership characteristics that we look for, that the Board and the management team looks to in leadership. He's also a pharmacist, which I think it's also my model where one of the major public wholesalers that has been led by pharmacist, perhaps I'm wrong, Bennett will research it.  So I think that, that's a really nice also [ extras ] on Bob becoming the third CEO in Cencora's history. But Bob and I have worked also very closely together as well as the -- all the executive management team has worked very closely with Bob and Jim and myself as we have guided the enterprise. And we have got 6 months left until the actual transition takes place on October 1. It's business as usual. Of course, Bob is thinking a lot about the future and what he will be like. And he'll be joining us on the next call, and you'll all get to name better at conferences, et cetera. And the company is in very, very good hands. And the company is also in very good shape. So I think our investors should feel very good about how Cencora is positioned. So thanks for the question. 
Steven Collis: I'll just go quickly. No, it's not. I'll be on -- I'll certainly be on next quarter. So thank you, Lisa, and I'll hand over to Jim. 
Steven Collis: Yes. Thanks, Eric. So it's -- look, this industry, I've been in it for 30 years with the company now, and it's -- I think that our value proposition remains as intact as ever. In fact, probably even more so with the complexity of regulatory environments, with the sort of data and insights that we're able to do, and also the way that we've built out our businesses. Most of the different nuances that we're seeing are really relying on some form of partnership or adjacency within our industry and many times are using the established channels. I just came, as you would imagine, back from NACDS, and I remain where we met with many strategic customers. And sure, there are challenges in the industry, particularly on the reimbursement side, which are well documented. The post that pandemic world, is there's a lot of things in influx. But I think all the more reason why we stay very close to our customers. We are almost always able to renew our customers, and we think that we provide a great value to those customers. None more so than and Walgreens, where we stay very close to them, and we have a long-term contract through 2029 on the distribution side and even with [ Boots ] through 2031. So I think we really focus on those customers. In fact, I think I made the comment to you when I last saw you that one of the things that's really changed is how close we stat to those customers, the larger customers and the small customers, not just in the RFP side but throughout the contract term. And hopefully, throughout the long-term strategic relationships that we have with these customers. So Jim, I'll hand over to you now. 
Steven Collis: Yes. So the Inflation Reduction Act is certainly something that we're paying close attention to. And we always talk -- I mean even going back to [indiscernible] days, he would say what keeps you up at night and [indiscernible] say [ Washington ] [indiscernible] And I think that's certainly the case more so than ever. But of course, the negotiations are underway. And there's -- we're going to go through the steps in the process for the 10 Part B products. But it's hard for us to see that there would be any direct impact on us, at least in the short to medium term. Beginning in 2028, Part B drugs will be subject to negotiation. And of course, we want to be mindful of innovation. It's important that -- 75% of R&D by some accounts is in the U.S. And we -- our message to regulators is always, let's make sure that this most cherished industry, probably one of the most innovative industries in the United States continues to be based here. I mean, it's not many decades ago when a lot of innovation took place in the U.K. And I'd say that, that largely has gone by the wayside. And as an American-based company, we would love to see that, that sort of innovation continue here on. I think that, that's also a very important part of the story that should not be lost. Also, we would see that manufacturers could adopt some changes in policies, for example, the different formats have longer patent [ flaws ] loss. And we don't think that, that's the way that product development should be approached. And the last thing I'd say is when Cencora thinks about the future and thinks about reimbursement and thinks about our provider customers, benefit design has also been very in a way punitive towards pharmacy. And we think that spreading that out more would be of great benefit to the industry and to patients, ultimately, we all serve, and make it much more understandable. I mean the notion that pharmacy is expensive, we think often is directly derived from the way that the co-pays occur at the pharmacy counter, we think that, that form of health care should be more encouraged. It's a much more efficient form of health care, which there's very little disagreement on. So thanks for the question. 
Steven Collis: I'm not exactly sure what regulations are, but I can tell you, I feel incredibly good about Cencora's ability to manage a complex regulatory environment really whatever jurisdiction we are. And if we feel that we can't be comfortable with the regulations and the jurisdiction. We just don't participate in the business. The enterprises have sufficient size and scale that nothing ever makes us want to compromise any of the standards we have. In fact, we keep on increasing those standards. We want to be the leader in them. Charles, I think World Courier, in particular, is one of the most complex, but also compliant and thoughtful and plan for businesses that I've ever had the privilege of leading while I'm at Cencora. So I think we'll be able to cope. And I think maybe we can follow up directly with you and see if any particular concerns. 
Steven Collis: Yes. So thank you, George. I do remember that article. And so thank you, and I do -- we are tremendously proud of the way that Cencora has developed in the last few years and how strong our positioning is. I made a couple of comments in an earlier question about how well we are communicating on a regular basis with our strategic customers. There's not that many customers that choose to change their wholesaler relationship. And in the U.S. in particular, where the big, big, large contracts are. There's three public companies that I think all do a good job, and it's a really stable industry. And we all very integrated and stay close to our customers. So it's not that usual that customers do change. We're not seeing a real big trend. Obviously, the mail order is a little bit different because you've got a lot of high-value products going to very few distribution points. So sometimes you do see some direct contracting there, and that's been around for a long time. But by and large, I think that the trend is to work within the industry. Again, the regulations are only getting more complicated. We're going to have the new complex pedigree rules that are being implemented. And it's hard to look at as good as our results have been, it's hard to look at our results and say that we're not really a paragon of efficiency and working very, very adapted in a low-margin environment.  So it's -- and building up around that with the cash flow that we have, as Jim gives us a long-range guidance. So I feel very good about our value proposition and our industry's value proposition. And I think that we'll be very enduring, and I don't think there's too much else to call out. Jim, anything you'd add on the competitive environment that you think it's good. 
Steven Collis: Yes. Okay. And thanks for the engine that did. That's a big complement. We've time for one more question, operator. 
Steven Collis: Okay. Thank you, everyone, for joining us on a busy Wednesday. We are really proud of the performance we reported in this quarter, which reflects the dedication, expertise and teamwork of all of our team members. As you can see, Cencora is very well positioned for the future. Our role in the supply chain is well established, and we will continue to innovate and invest in support of our customers. Thank you very much for your time. Have a good summer. We'll see you in early August. 
James Cleary: Yes, Lisa, thanks a lot. Thank you Lisa, for that question. We did have a very good quarter from the standpoint of from both gross profit percentage and operating income percentage during the quarter. So thank you for calling that out. We did have very nice margins during the quarter. And I'll talk about a number of things that drove the margins. One is the WAC  reductions that I talked about in my prepared remarks, particularly with regard to insulin, that brought down revenue growth, but it caused an improvement in gross profit margin. And as we've talked about in the past, when this sort of thing happens, our team works with manufacturers to make sure that we continue to be fairly compensated, which is what successfully happened in this case. So the WAC  reductions brought down revenue growth but improved gross margin percentage. Another thing that impacted GP percentage is kind of the GLP-1 growth was less than we had expected. And I talked about this in my prepared remarks also GLP-1 growth during the quarter was $1.3 billion of growth versus $2.1 billion of growth in the first quarter. And that again caused revenue growth to be a little bit lower but caused gross profit percentage to be a little bit higher and the GLP-1s were a little bit less than we had expected.  Another thing that really drove gross profit margin during the quarter and during the first half was contributions from COVID vaccines. The margins are good on COVID vaccines, and our performance was better than we expected, particularly in the second quarter and so that helped our GP percentage, and we'd expect that to drop off in the third quarter. And also, a GP percentage was higher year-over-year in the International segment. So all those things helped our margins. And then from an operating margin standpoint, it's not only all those things, but we've done a very good job focusing on managing operating expenses. We had the OpEx efficiency initiatives that we executed a year ago, and we've continued to focus on OpEx. And so we had GP growth of 7%, OpEx growth of 5%, and so that operating leverage helped us which drove our 11% OI growth. And so I think that addresses your margin question. And on the below the line stuff, we just are seeing incrementally higher tax rate, and that would have to do with mix. And we're just seeing a little bit more income and growth in the U.S., which has a little bit higher tax rate. And then on share count, our guidance is now 201 million to 202 million shares. And after the first 6 months, we're at 201.5 million. And as we do some repurchases in the back half of the year, it'd impacts fiscal year '25 more than fiscal year '24. And so as a result of that, we increased EPS guidance by increasing in a $0.05 at the bottom end of the range. So our EPS guidance overall is up by $0.025 at the midpoint of the range. And so I think that addresses all of your questions, Lisa. 
James Cleary: Yes. Great. I'd be happy to address all those things. So our updated operating income guidance reflects our strong first half performance and continued operating income growth in the back half of the year. And the difference in growth rate in the first half versus the back half of FY '24 is largely due to COVID vaccine seasonality. And related to that, the COVID vaccine contribution we saw in the first half of FY '24 as well as the contribution we saw in the fourth quarter of FY '23. And then also the back half has a headwind due to the $0.05 and $0.08 of contribution from exclusive COVID therapies that we had in the third and fourth quarter of fiscal year '23. And then you referenced the efficiency actions we took a year ago April. And so in the back half, as you mentioned, we do lap the expense efficiency initiatives that we implemented last year. So in the U.S., the first half, we saw segment level operating income growth of 16% well above our initial expectations. As I said in my prepared remarks, when you exclude COVID vaccine contributions, our growth was 8% in the first half. And our guidance implies very good growth in the back half in the U.S. due to expected continued strength of specialty and solid utilization trends that we've talked about for some time and the growth rate is impacted versus the first half for the specific reasons that I mentioned, which are mostly COVID related. And so I think that addresses your questions. 
James Cleary: Yes. And I think, Steve, you fully addressed it in your answer, that we are always working with Walgreens and our other large customers on mutually beneficial opportunities and synergies and our management teams are needing to pursue those sorts of things. 
James Cleary: Sure. I'll take that, Stephanie, and thanks a lot for the questions. And as we've talked about in the past, the GLP-1 products are a real driver of revenue growth, but they are minimally profitable. They are profitable for us but minimally profitable. And of course, we've said that for quite some time. But we -- I do feel that they'll continue to be a driver of our top line growth. And as I said earlier, what we saw in the second quarter is revenue growth of $1.3 billion from GLP-1s versus revenue growth of $2.1 billion from GLP-1s in the first quarter. And so -- but we do think that they will be a driver of top line growth. And of course, we're just so pleased to be part of an industry where there's this sort of innovation that benefits patients and just look forward to being a beneficiary ourselves of this sort of innovation for years to come. 
James Cleary: Okay. All right. Great. Thank you for the question. And there was a lot in that question, so I'll try and address it all. I think Lisa had commented that she thought that the OI increase in guidance was about $0.12, and I think you said $0.14. And I'll just say that's kind of the increase in guidance implies, yes, that does imply that sort of increase, and it's really offset by the higher tax and the higher shares. And so as a result of that, we basically increased EPS guidance by $0.025 at the midpoint of the range. And then I think the rest of the kind of questions you asked, yes, we have a lot of confidence in our long-term guidance of 5% to 8% organic operating income growth and then another 3% to 4% from capital deployment. And so long-term EPS growth guidance of 8% to 12%. And importantly, that's double digit at the midpoint of the range. And we have had a lot of success for quite some time, and in particular, the last couple of years and have posted some very good growth rates that have been driven from many things from things like our leadership in specialty to solid utilization trends. And in particular, as I called out on this call, some of the numbers, some of the -- kind of some of the COVID-related earnings we've had have been particularly helpful in our operating income growth. And as I said before, we're a company that's so well positioned to benefit from innovation that that's one of the things that gives us confidence in our long-term guidance. 
