James Cleary: Yes. So thanks a lot for that question, Elizabeth. And I'd say overall, what we're seeing across our business is resilience and strength. And of course, those are words we used a lot in the prepared remarks. But getting kind of a little bit more into the detail, we are seeing strong underlying fundamentals. We're seeing good utilization trends, and we're seeing good volumes both in the U.S. and international, and I described this as being in line or somewhat ahead of our expectations. We're definitely aided by our leadership in specialty distribution, and that's allowed us to capture the strong trends there, the benefits of the strong specialty utilization trends which we would expect to continue. And so that's one area where we've seen strong trends, and you did comment, as we did in our prepared remarks, that we did see some increased volumes in mail also during the quarter.  But overall, I think that we've just continued to demonstrate resilience and strength in the various phases of the pandemic as we look over the last 2.25 years or so, the fundamentals and the utilization trends have really been quite good. And we're seeing really the same thing in the various phases of the economic cycle. We're continuing to see strong fundamentals and utilization trends really across our businesses in the U.S. and international, which is largely due, of course, to the pharmaceutical-centric nature of our businesses
James Cleary: Okay. Well, I'll start out and talk about 2023. And importantly, there's really no change from what we indicated during our Investor Day. On a consolidated basis, what we'd expect is organic operating income growth of 5% and then an incremental 3% from capital deployment, whether that be share repurchases or M&A. So we'd expect EPS growth of 8% on a consolidated basis. Of course, that's x COVID. So you'd have to start by taking '22 and subtracting out the $0.70 expected benefit from COVID and then grow 8% from there and then add back in whatever the assumption would be for COVID in 2023.  And we're seeing a lot of the drivers in 2022 continue to be drivers in 2023, continued strength in our U.S. businesses. Clearly, our leadership in specialty will continue to benefit us. And then when it comes to international, as I said, we're seeing the business is performing well with good fundamentals. Now 2 things that we are monitoring in international: of course, our FX, which you've mentioned; and inflation also. And both those things will impact fiscal year '23. And there have been some offsets to FX in fiscal year '22, including the price adjustments that we saw in the developing country, Turkey, which have helped to offset some of the impacts in fiscal year '22.  And when we report fiscal year '23 results, and when we're discussing international, we'll discuss it on a constant currency basis in addition to a as-reported basis. But overall, we feel very good about '23 as where we've done doing our planning. We're going through a detailed planning process now, and we feel very good about '23 and feel very good about the fundamentals in the business. And as I said before, there's really kind of no change to our initial thinking that we talked about at Investor Day, x COVID operating income, organic growth of 5% and an incremental 3% from capital deployment or EPS growth of 8%.
James Cleary: Yes, sure. I'd be happy to take that question, and thank you for asking it. And first of all, I think you're absolutely right. We've been very pleased with the management team at Alliance. And of course, they have a lot of experience in their markets and really have just shown a lot of expertise in managing the business.  With regard to your question on the Turkey high inflation accounting, which was covered in our press release today, very importantly, there's no change in how we translate the P&L of Alliance Healthcare's Turkish subsidiary in our adjusted results. The -- just as you were saying, and when you asked the question, the GAAP to non-GAAP adjustments relate to the accounting impact of remeasuring various components of their balance sheet. And of course, on a consolidated basis, Turkey is a very small part of our overall results, but I will get into a little bit more detail here.  The GAAP accounting items driven by Turkey becoming a highly inflationary economy is fine under U.S. GAAP. And the result is remeasurement of lira-denominated assets and liabilities at each balance sheet date using the U.S. dollar exchange rate then in effect, and that impacts recorded in our P&L. And previously, that translation was recorded as an adjustment to their -- to equity on our balance sheet.  And there is a detailed discussion of this in our 10-Q, but I think very importantly, there's no change in how we translate the P&L of Alliance's Turkish subsidiary and our adjusted results.
James Cleary: Yes. And so the way that it works there is due to the due to the currency devaluation that's happened, there's an annual price increase that happens. And that annual price increase is based on the value of the Turkish lira versus a basket of currencies, and that price increase happens every year. And this year, that price increase was particularly large, and there's actually been 2 of them because the devaluation has been higher than typical.
James Cleary: Yes, sure. And so there are really 2 things that keep us in the range. One is the second price increase in Turkey that we talked about. And then really the other thing is just very strong performance out of World Courier. We're seeing just a particularly strong performance there World Courier has had a long history of growth and good margins. And what we've seen in the most recent quarter is higher weights of World Courier shipments and also World Courier of receiving good value from manufacturers for the services that we provide. And so those are really the 2 things that are enabling us to maintain our guidance for the international business and fully offset what we've seen from an FX standpoint.  And like I said, when we talked about fiscal year '23 and report fiscal year '23, we'll do that and talk about it on both a constant currency basis and an as-reported basis.
James Cleary: Yes. So with regard to your question on generic deflation, it's been in line with the past few years. It's been in line with our expectations. Supply and demand remain in balance. And as we talked about before, our business is not as reliant on generic pricing as it has been in the past. Our teams have done a very good job of rebalancing contracts and ensuring that we receive fair compensation across brand, generic and specialty, which is important, especially as more specialty goes through mail and retail.  And with regard to potential generic inflation, there certainly are higher input costs for manufacturers and it remains to be seen if they'll be able to pass on the higher cost. We're not currently expecting generic inflation. But if that does occur, of course, it would be a tailwind for our business. But as a reminder, as I said due to our contract rebalancing our business model isn't as reliant on generic pricing as it once was. Thank you for the question.
James Cleary: Yes. So during the quarter, MWI had growth during the quarter, had revenue growth during the quarter, but that -- but the growth rate was lower than it had been in fiscal year '20 or '21. And of course, as you well know, there are a lot of pet adoptions during the pandemic and really good growth in the companion animal business, in particular, during the first part of the pandemic. And so some of the comps were a little bit tougher now for MWI. But it still had growth in that. And it's a very strong business, and we have kind of very good confidence in the long-term prospects of both the animal health market and our MWI business.
James Cleary: Yes, I'll start out here. We've been really transparent about our contribution from COVID therapies. And in Q3, our contribution from COVID therapies was $0.14 on an -- for EPS versus $0.03 in the same quarter last year as we -- we're shifting volumes of the government-owned emergency-use authorization pills. And that's -- and we're kind of keeping our guidance for the full year in the U.S. of $0.60 and, on a consolidated basis, $0.70 including international.  And so if we -- compared to what we would have thought a year ago, it's certainly been a lot more durable than we would have thought. And it is something that is hard to predict and estimate. And so that's why when we talk about our guidance for fiscal year '23, we say we'll do our guidance x COVID and that 8% EPS growth rate -- the x COVID back out COVID grow 8% and then make an assumption for COVID and add that on top.
James Cleary: Yes. So yes. So our capital deployment approach, of course, remains similar to what it's been for quite some time, of course, investing in the business where we have great returns, strategic M&A, share repurchases, of course, having a reasonable dividend on our stock, and we've steadily increased the dividend that we paid. We have been paying down debt, and we will meet or beat our time frame for paying down 2/3 of the Alliance acquisition debt. And also, we started repurchasing shares earlier than we anticipated. We started repurchasing shares. In the month of May, we saw a good opportunity to do that. We've repurchased about 250 million during the quarter. And as a Board meeting after that, our Board increased our share repurchase authorization to $1 billion. So we have about $1.1 billion in total authorizations now, and we would look forward to any share repurchase opportunities in fiscal year '23.
Steven Collis: Yes. Lisa, on the biosimilars, we continue to see positive trends in biosimilars. In fact, there was a recent announcement in the ophthalmology space, which is our sweet spot the Part B side, and we'll see how that goes. We'll certainly keep you updated. Therapeutic comparability and good contracting support are helping enable physician utilization and taking cost out of the system, which will make more room for innovation. And we are very encouraged by the biosimilar. We don't specifically call it out, but it's part of the general growth of our strong specialty position in health systems and in physician practices, including oncology. But as we just had noted in ophthalmology, we're going to see an important launch as well.  So we also are noting regulatory enhancements, including interchangeability, on some of the molecules. So this is a very dynamic space in which AmerisourceBergen was clearly an early adopter, and we expect to strongly participate in the system in the launch of these drugs, particularly on the Part B side. Thanks.
Steven Collis: So thanks. We did have a strong quarter with World Courier as we've got a bunch of higher weight shipments, and the team is driving value on incremental services we provide, including our home direct patient services, which are important for in-home trials, and there's certainly been a development out of the pandemic. But World Courier's expertise and reputation in helping customers navigate the complexity of global logistics is very well established. We've owned the business for coming on 10 years now. And I'm proud of the investment we have made in allowing World Courier to deliver best-in-class solutions while seeing a rapid growth. And there's been a really long history of growth and good margins. which we expect to continue into Q4 and hopefully into next year and the future as well.
Steven Collis: I can start with the ophthalmology business, and then we'll let Jim who's the expert, of course, on MWI, talk about it. Our specialty physician services business. We have talked a lot about increasing our services to other physicians. As the formulary increases as there's more products available in the administration area, and probably ophthalmology is our second largest area after oncology. That's been an area where we've been very involved particularly with the launch of  many years ago was really what got us into that business. And we continue to develop services.  And as they are biosimilars and as there are more therapies available for in-office administration and physicians have, for over a decade, become used to administering products, there's more relevance for what we call our IPN network and our basic medical distribution, which are fundamental parts of our SBS business. So we see growth there and we see a high market share, which we've always enjoyed in that segment, consistent with or even higher than our oncology market share rate. So it's just a robust area for us. And particularly, we look forward to the opportunity to assist physicians in adopting biosimilars. So that's really -- Jim, hand over to you on MWI.
Steven Collis: Yes. One other point, we were pleased to see the FDA update to EUA for Paxlovid, making it easier for patients to access treatments at pharmacies. And we're really proud of the increased role that pharmacists will be playing in patient care. And I think that, that's -- as I said in my prepared remarks, that's a tremendous access to consumers and patients as they look to access these treatments conveniently.  So when we think about living our purpose during the pandemic, there's nothing more there's nothing that embodies it more than the work we've done with these EUA products, and AmerisourceBergen and our associates are tremendously proud of it. So this is definitely something that has been distinguishing us in the last couple of years.
Steven Collis: Thank you, everyone, for your attention on this busy Wednesday morning. AmerisourceBergen and Jim and I and Bennett are pleased and proud to have delivered another strong quarter and another guidance raise. Our business, our talent and our capabilities we have been on show throughout this quarter and throughout the pandemic and, historically, throughout various economic cycles, AmerisourceBergen has demonstrated tremendous resilience. We are well positioned strategically with a strong track record of execution to continue to deliver long-term value for all of our stakeholders. This concludes our remarks. Thank you for your time.
