Paul Szurek: Jordan putting it as simply as possible these are higher density requirements but the lot of data in them and a lot of data being either exchanged or pushed out of the network. So there is obviously tremendous operational and cost advantage for processing that much data moving that much data through interconnection as opposed to other ways of doing it from further out datacenters.
Paul Szurek: I think it’s a mix. And Steve can shed some more color on it, primarily cloud and content and to a lesser extent, enterprise.
Paul Szurek: Well, predicting that far out is never precise. So I think the simple way to answer it is, it's going to be an extension of a campus. If you look at that campus, historically, it has periodically had opportunities for preleases and there's every reason to believe that that activity maybe available when we bring SV8 to market. Otherwise, we'll continue the mix of scale deployments and transactional deployments that have characterized that campus so far.
Paul Szurek: Just to give you a bit of clarity there and maybe just doesn't help on the clarity, because I think what you're seeing is that many content customers are also cloud customers and many cloud customers are also content customers; and that leaves open to tradition enterprise even. So what you're seeing is a lot of customers leveraging technology differently that bleeds those verticals a bit. So I think that's part of what you're seeing as far as how we categorize them. But as far as overall demand in the marketplace, we're still seeing very strong demand from the traditional enterprise, it's collocating. We do see greater adoption as you've seen from the cloud providers and those enterprises going to the cloud, but we still see plenty of run way for those enterprises to come into our data centers. And especially as you like to medium to large enterprise, there'll be plenty of opportunity ahead of us that’s not necessarily a feasible or a very quick journey for them to move entirely through that model.
Paul Szurek: The reserve capacity was not material. And obviously for accurate disclosure, we’ve excluded that from the rate category. Density does have some impact on rate per square foot and we like and have set ourselves up to accommodate higher density requirements for that purpose. We tend to look at pricing overall on quarter-to-quarter on an apples-to-apples basis, we breakout by categories of deployment size and markets and density. And when you look at all of that together, the net pricing seem to be about 11% quarter-over-quarter. So there is more than just increased density that’s driving the price increases.
Paul Szurek: No, we continue to look for expansion capacity. In Chicago, we expect that over the next couple of three years, our customers in our existing Chicago facility are going to need that and will drive other opportunities. We continue to work on some opportunities there and we just don’t have anything that is ready to announce. But that’s a good market and we’ve got a good data centre that’s performing well in that market.
Paul Szurek: I think it’s mostly coincidental that some projects got pushed back quarter, and I think it’s partly coincidental that we had so many projects going on at the same time. One of the attractions of our markets is that the regulatory and entitlement process create barriers to entry. And although that’s a pain in the neck in the short-term that sometime it takes longer to get permits and entitlements than it does in other markets. We’ve all seen that in every real estate product that creates value for the long term, because the local government provides one of those barriers to entry to new product. So that’s mostly what we have seen with these deployments. I don’t view it as a big deal, but we just try to keep everybody informed about it.
Paul Szurek: And I wouldn’t draw too many conclusions though. We do have, as you know, a couple of larger projects that depending on when permitting and entitlement is completed could start construction in 2018 at some point as well that we mentioned in both the press release and in our scripts.
Paul Szurek: So I do want to point out that we’ve got two components to VA3. We’ve got the 3 megawatt build out of an existing computer room that we’re really targeting to be more for the transactional and smaller deployments and then the larger 6 megawatt building that would cover more scale deployments. We can't provide -- I don’t want to predict the future with any grade certainly. But yes, we’ve got a lot of good discussions going on and I would expect some announcement some time later this year if those discussions continue to proceed at pace.
Paul Szurek: Let me take the first and the last question and then Steve will address the second one. We look at every opportunity that makes at the triage to expand into other big markets. Now the thing that we repeated in the past and is worth completing here is that we really like big markets with a lot of business activity. Our current eight markets are 20% of the U.S. population, 27% of U.S. GDP and have a much higher level of business activity and data intensive activity than the typical market. There are other markets that meet those categories. Our business model, as you know is successful, primarily because we're able to merry up a network dense node with scalable interconnection ability within the campus or building environment. And that makes the screen a little bit finer for new opportunities, but those are the opportunities that, like our current portfolio, create the best long term sustainable value. And so that's what we look for. And so far we've seen only Denver work is expanded into or have that opportunity, but we continue to look for that in other areas. I do think we can bring some tools to the tables that are not generally out there. We have in a couple of three instances been able to create network dense nodes where they did not exist before. And so that's an opportunity we might bring to bear in another market if we can find the right price point and size to enter and have visibility to scale at attractive returns. So I hope that helps answer that question. On SV3, I just want to remind you that we didn't actually have a tenant move out of SV3 that is the payments from the original tenant at SV3 that they paid out as part of their moving out of that space. SV3 is pretty fully occupied right now. Technologically, it's in the same category as everything else on the Santa Clara campus.
Paul Szurek: Jonathan I’ll start with that and then Steve can chime in, if he has anything to add. I think that product category is in early stages, but there is definitely elements of it that are data and compute and performance sensitive, where the insides generated from the AI algorithms lose value if there is too much latency and are responding and reacting to so much data exchange that interconnection is valuable. At this point, I can't really predict how large that opportunity becomes, but it does seem promising at this point for the future.
Paul Szurek: Let me address the second question first. We have not seen any irrational behavior. Just to give an example of market, Northern Virginia has seen the most development activity. As I mentioned in my remarks, there is significant new development going on there. But most of it, to our knowledge, is preleased. And I suspect there is probably some leases out there that we’re not aware of that takes the member up higher. But even if, if you look out going forward, if the only amounts in that market that are under construction that are preleased or what we think we know about that might move the vacancy rate. And there is no other change in absorption that might move the vacancy rate by the end of the year, early next year from like maybe 8% to 11%, so not a huge move. But given our own funnel in that area, my guess is there is probably more leasing going on and we are aware of in other areas with other companies. So not seeing any place in any of our markets where development behavior concerns me. In the constrained markets, there has been some pricing uplift. I think that’s reflected in our overall number of 11% that Jeff and I sighted to you earlier. But the pricing uplift is, I would say, measured as opposed to dramatic. There is this one phenomenon that goes into the datacenter industry that we see from time to time, which is that sometimes markets have to have a little bit of supply or latent supply in order to attract more demand. And so constrained markets tend to see things balanced out a little bit more than you would than you would see in other real estate markets where people just don’t have any choice about when they move into something.
Paul Szurek: Andrew, in terms of the next building in LA, little bit hard to predict just because again that’s one of those infill markets where the path of entitlements and permitting is not clearly definable. But I would say that best case it would be first quarter of 2019. And then when it actually comes on board in 2019 and when we actually start it, depends on that permitting process. And frankly, the continuation of strong demand in the Los Angeles market.
Paul Szurek: The cost of building generally has been stable, modest inflation, components, not as much. Like everyone in construction, labor has been where you've seen the biggest inflation. The component of that relative to overall cost is much more percentage in datacenters, which are very equipment intensive than it is in other product. So we haven't seen that turn into a real problem. At the same time, we continue to do it all our peers do, and I give Brian Warren, our SVP of Engineering, Construction and his team a lot of credit for continuing to develop improvements in our processes and our designs, in the way we do our construction to deliver, to keep our price per kilowatt at a very good level. So don't see any big area of concern there. The things that are driving demand closer to the edge and there're a couple of good articles out there and that summarizes and it’s supplemented extensively by what we see in our own deployments and the companies that come to us for the space. We've always -- performance, latency has always been an issue for many. I mean some products, especially if they’re going to consumers and businesses. They have to have very good latency in order to be successful; think about ecommerce, video streaming, video on demand all those sort of things. And frankly more-and-more cloud -- some cloud development compute platforms and others, the customers they're serving are latency sensitive. But there's another factor that has emerged that I think is gaining an importance and maybe becoming as important as latency. And that's just the sheer volume of data for particular applications that need to be crunched very quickly and exchanged with customers and other peers pretty quickly. And that just creates engineering challenges for doing that thing further away from the edge, further away from the network node and in an environment where you’ve got to go, worse case over the Internet, best case over some type of WAN process. But we're even like 10 milliseconds of delay and how these thousands of transactions get processed or data exchanges get processed can really clog that performance. And that data intensity is what's driving more -- has driven some of the good traffic we've seen in these larger scale deployments at the edge nodes lately, as much as -- may be as much as the performance sensitivity. And we have seen we have customers that have moved deployments from lower cost places further away into our datacenters in order to overcome both the cost and the operating inefficiencies of exchanging that data outside an interconnected environment.
Paul Szurek: Well, I think the old carrier tells and the traditional network dense nodes and office buildings are always going to have their core and faithful customers who will deploy in those environments, equipment of density that those environments can handle. But they are constrained that’s why we develop the campus model to interconnect with some of our network nodes directly. For loading requirements in some of those older office building don’t allow for as much density, the heavier racks, heavier servers. There are also harder to cool efficiently. They are not raised for environments, so you’re flooding the computer rooms with cold there generally. There is not as much as you can do with hot and cold aisle containment; although, we do as much as we can in our facilities like that. So as the actual data intensely and the amount of cash of storage and compute that you need at the edge that goes along with those network nodes grows and requires more density. The scalable options that we provide in our campus environments where they are purpose built, they are raised for environments, you can put -- it's easier to put in cold aisle containment, we can drive PUV down. And the fur loading is not an issue they serve a real purpose million that’s -- we tried to explain and maybe haven’t done a good job. But that’s driven a lot of our growth is our ability to provide that type of more efficient more dense environment close to these traditional network nodes where target create that kind of density and that kind of power and cooling efficiency. But I still think, we still continue to see strong demand for deployments of smaller types of broader enterprise and networks, and then some of the companies that use networks extensively in those network nodes, in those traditional carrier hotel buildings.
Paul Szurek: I would like to add on that, because as Steve mentioned of the core chiller replacement in some reports. And again, put the blame on us for not explaining that more carefully. We did not have to replace all those chillers that we’re replacing this year. Those are multiple units of chillers that could have been replaced over the next two to four years and what kept our CapEx expenditures in line with historical averages. However, we had the opportunity to do something totally different, which was combined all of them instead of replacing them with more small chillers combine all of them in a single large chiller plant that serves other space as well; and is so much more power efficient that the return on investment on just rolling these into this bigger project is probably higher than anything else in our portfolio. Whereas if we just follow the traditional method of replacing them, each of them as they got to end of life, we would not have that opportunity to achieve that power efficiency, because there's still physical limitations on how power efficient a smaller chiller can be. So I know that to be pure on the AFFO count and we put that in the right bucket for recurring CapEx. But it has a tremendous return associated with it, and continues our path that we pursue aggressively towards more power efficiency.
Paul Szurek: Honestly, I can't say anything about that because I don't really have visibility into what they're doing. I'm guessing that part of the reason our release results are so good is that our PUE is at least viewed as not a negative, maybe it's viewed as a positive. But I just really don’t know how to compare with peers on that point.
Paul Szurek: So the last time I've actually spoken to a politician or a federal regulator might have been a decade and a half ago. So I think that the simple answer is that there're a lot of people working through this. However, it turns out its probably fine for us either way. We didn't see a big change when net neutrality was implemented by the prior FCC Chairman and I don't expect we'll see a big change if that gets unwound in the current or is being unwound in the current administration. So I hope that's -- that’s as response that I can give to your question.
Paul Szurek: I just like to close, thanking my colleagues for another good quarter. All, Steven and Jeff and I know we're very fortunate to have an outstanding team that works hard every day to take the care of our customers and create value for our shareholders. And I'd like to thank all of you that are on this call for your interest in the Company and thank you, especially to those who asked questions so that we have the opportunity to answer them. I hope you all have a great rest of your day. Thanks.
Steve Smith: I would say that cloud content and even enterprise are becoming more and more susceptible to the tolerance of latency, which is becoming less and less by consumers, suppliers and customers, in general. So as that expectation of the general consumer there is more real time, companies are having to solve for that and that involves moving computing data closer to the edge.
Steve Smith: No, I'd just echo that, as far as being complementary, I think anytime you give customers choice an ability to access other environments within our data center, that's a good things for those customers. It's good thing for the end customer. And ultimately, that ends up being a good thing for us, because we typically have that compute within our datacenters. So we have many of those SDN providers that have built into our datacenters. And that gives not only customers with their access to those deployments that are there, but also customers that are introduced that may want to access in environments that maybe other places that gives them choice and flexibility as well. So, so far, we've seen it to be very complementary.
Steve Smith: Thanks, Paul. And Jonathan just to answer your question and relative to sales headcount and trending and so forth, we've been roughly at the same headcount, little bit of fluctuation throughout the year and for the last year and a half, I guess. But overall, we haven't had any major changes as far as headcount is concerned, a few changes here and there as you would expect in any sales organization. But overall, we've been fairly stable and really just working towards getting our talent better-and-better every year, our skill level better every year and just get better utilization out of the people that we do have, which kind of leans through the second part of your question, which I think was around direct versus indirect and channel. And that ratio typically is up 10% to 20% of our overall sales as far as the indirect channel is concerned. We do look to try to leverage that and getting additional value and getting deeper and wider within our accounts and markets. And we'll continue to do that. But that's strictly opportunistic and that's off pay our resources that we try to leverage and represent itself, and as the value presents itself. So continues to be a focus and we’ll leverage it as best we can.
Steve Smith: And I would agree with you Paul. And depending upon how AI is a pretty broad bucket and how it's defined. But I think if you look at some of the most obvious examples of that and the terms of automated vehicles and so forth, that obviously is very latency sensitive, and these make decisions quickly and react quickly. So we’ve had several examples of startups and so forth that our deployment in our datacenters because of need for latency as well as scalability. And I think you just have to look deeper as to the use case and the need for that latency. But I think inherently as you look at intelligence and being able to make smarter decisions quicker, that brings with it the need for low latency and speed.
Steve Smith: I would agree with that Paul. And I think the only thing I would add to that is mobile traffic is also a huge contributor to that as you see more and more mobile device and doesn’t where you walk down the street or airplanes or anywhere else, everyone’s got a mobile device. And you see a lot of video streaming that’s happening on those, which drives this huge amount of data. And so having that data and throughput closer to where those mobile networks interconnect is also critical in order to get that performance level up, whether it's a content provider or cloud provider, or even an enterprise. There is a balance that they work and it’s a math equation on their end to figure out latency relative to constants and support to that deployment. So you have seen, even in some cases, some of these other providers moving into secondary markets and where it justifies that cost and expense. But in the markets that we're in, it’s a fairly easy math problem to compute, given the number of eyeballs and networks and demand that’s there for them to establish those points of presence.
Steve Smith: Matt, in regards to the second part of your question, in terms of capital cost for recurring maintenance. I think the important aspect to think about, if you just look at us historically, we’ve been -- our recurring CapEx has been anywhere between 1.5% to 2% of revenues. While that’s all, you and the street have visibility until we continue to think about the best way to think of that is on a per kilowatt basis. Having said that, we don’t give visibility into that, so it's hard really for you guys to gauge what that’s going to be. But I would think, as we look forward and based on some of the experience we’ve seen for 2017, a range as a percentage of revenue of 1.5% to 2.5% is probably reasonable range to think about for CoreSite. I don’t think that helps meaningfully but it is something that we think about in terms of the go forward modeling, et cetera. So hopefully that helps.
Steve Smith: Yes, that's correct. That's just in the incremental component and obviously leveraging off of the investment we made several years ago there as well, Lukas.
Jeff Finnin: Dave, just to clarify, as Paul just related to that 11% increase would strip out some of the wholesale deals we did. Because those just aren’t comparatively quarter-to-quarter and that 11% is on a trailing -- compared to the trailing 12 months basis.
Jeff Finnin: The other question was related to 2018 CapEx. And Colby, I guess the thing that I would think about, as you think about CapEx levels for 2018, is just take a look at the more recent three year trend in terms of what our annual CapEx has been, that’s going to give you some level of inside into what that might possibly be for 2018. But at this point, we’re just not ready to give any specific guidance on 2018 CapEx.
Jeff Finnin: And then Colby if I wrote down your question correctly your third question was related to VA3 and how are we doing in terms of progress for lease up for developments coming online there. And Paul and Steve could probably give you some color on that.
Jeff Finnin: Rob, it's Jeff. Let me just give you some commentary around that as you probably saw. Obviously, the revenue this report this quarter was up 18.1% year-over-year. If you look at the underlying volumes where we’re seeing particular strength are those deployments where people want to be connected to the cloud environments. And if you just look at the overall volume increase going to and connecting with our cloud customers, it's probably 3x what it is in general of the portfolio overall. It gives some idea of what's going on there. Obviously, in some of the commentary I gave around guidance, our initial guidance range of 13% to 16% for the year given that we’re year-to-date at 16%. And we expect that to be at the upper end of that range. But we’ll see how the second half of the year migrates here.
Jeff Finnin: Andy, let me take the first part of that question and then Paul can add some commentary on the second one. But you’re right. We have given some earlier guidance around commencements for the year of about $30 million. And you can look at where we are year-to-date at 15.7 and we said that the backlog about 40% of that would commence. So you’re directionally you’re fairly close in terms of where we expect or at least what we have visibility into. We’re right around 20, just north of $20 million. And so while we believe, obviously, we’ve got the second half of the year, we’ve got some visibility in what we think that will be if I had to even amount I would say would be at or slightly ahead of the $30 million guidance we gave earlier this year. Hopefully, that helps.
