Ian M. Cook: Yeah, okay, Jason, great. And you're right. I'm not going to break out Venezuela. I, frankly, would start by reiterating what Bina said that we are pleased, as you amplified, Jason, with the start to the year. We think it does reflect constancy of strategy and constancy of execution. And pleasingly, the first quarter arrived pretty much as I think we heard described to you it would when we were last on the call, which is to say that our top line would grow between 4% and 7% organically, excluding Venezuela. And 5% was entirely consistent with the fourth quarter. We said that we expected our gross margin to expand between 75 and 125 basis points, and we're very pleased with the 110 and with the increased advertising behind the innovation and all of that flowing through to the bottom line. I guess my comment on the gross profit would be if you look at the shape of our business, gross profit improved across all of our divisions, with the exception of Hill's for a known commodity issue, so it is not limited to Latin America. And across Latin America, we took pretty significant pricing on the back of significant pricing all 2015 to offset further transaction impact, obviously, again, without Venezuela. And we were pleased in Latin America, as we suggested might be the case, that the volume negative that we saw in the fourth quarter rebounded, I think confirming the fact that although there is always a lead lag, we have good consumer loyalty and adoption even at higher price points. So the way I would frame gross margin is we started at the end of the first quarter saying that our gross margin would expand 75 to 125 basis points for a host of reasons, part of which was Venezuela, but our funding-the-growth was an important piece of it as well. And again, 110 [basis points] is pleasing. And as we look forward, I guess we would say we expect our gross margin to continue to improve from the first quarter level over the balance of the year and would now say that for the full year, we expect our gross margin to come in towards the high end of our 75 to 125 basis point range, maybe even slightly ahead of that, depending on where transaction headwinds go. We said the last time that we thought gross margin expansion after the plateau of the last two to three years was an important part of 2016, and clearly that focus remains in the company. And let me just conclude by saying and perhaps giving you the gross profit roll-forward year-on-year, so if you go back to the first quarter of 2015, we had a gross profit margin of 58.9%. We picked up 70 basis points of pricing between restructuring and funding-the-growth, 140 basis points. And, as you know, that tends to build across the year. Material prices, as you say, 130 basis points negative, which is partially underlying commodity prices and does include a little bit of Venezuela. All other, 30 basis points, and so the current year gross profit at 60%. But I think the important point to make is growth between 4% and 7%, excluding Venezuela, starting well at 5% and gross profit starting well at 110 basis points and now saying that we expect to be at the high end of the 75 to 125 [basis point] range, maybe a little bit more.
Ian M. Cook: Sure. Thanks, Wendy. Yeah, I think, as Bina said, market share up nicely in Brazil; interestingly, market share up nicely in Russia. And in fact, a group of us were just in Asia, including India and China, a few weeks ago. And our share start to the year is a little bit softer than history in both cases, I guess. I know we all focus on weekly shares, but I guess just putting both in a slightly longer-term context, if you take China over the last eight years, our share has increased from about 30% to 33%, when our principal multinational competitor has declined from 24% to about 12%. And in India, if you take the same time period, our market share has increased from about 48% to the near 54% that we start the year with; and similarly, our principal multinational competitor is down from 29% to 21%. So we continue to feel very good about the progress over time we are making. In both cases – let's start with India. In both cases, the short-term share impact comes from local competitors with heightened promotional activity. That is also the case in China. In both cases, we went through the innovation and go-to-market plans that are already being adopted in India and China to take corrective action against that short-term slowdown, and we feel good about making progress over the balance of the year.
Ian M. Cook: Yeah, so, we were actually quite pleased with the strong advertising level we had in the first quarter. As Bina said, up meaningfully on the second half of last year and in line with a strong first quarter of 2015, obviously behind a broad and deep array of innovation that we have coming to our markets around the world starting in the first quarter, but, of course, coming for the rest of the year as well. And our current plan would see us increasing our advertising spend year-on-year, both absolutely and as a percentage to sales. That is what we said the last time we spoke and we remain in that position. It would not be a Colgate earnings call if I weren't to emphasis the point that we continue to balance this investment behind our brand health and the innovation we have with the very compelling and broad array of in-store activity that we are able to deploy. And so, in fact, our commercial investment continues to be up as well in the first quarter, which is to say the money that we are investing for in-store activity has increased, and is on top of the increased ratio of spend on traditional advertising versus the fourth quarter of last year. The other thing I would say in terms of efficiency of advertising, because we are seeing it becoming quite a meaningful component of how we go to market a lot more, and we've spent quite a lot of time showcasing this in CAGNY. For those of you that were there or have read the transcript, a lot of our consumer engagement, particularly given the changing demographics in the world, is now with digital advertising. Digital advertising is more efficient than the traditional print, television, radio, billboard type of advertising. And, interestingly, to the point in Asia, a significant part of the investment we make these days, indeed approaching 50% in the case of China, is direct engagement with the consumer through digital vehicles. I call that out simply because it is increasingly the way we engage with consumers, and it's a more effective and efficient way of doing so.
Ian M. Cook: Yeah. Olivia, I think – very good question. I think coming into the year, we were cognizant that while we thought foreign exchange would continue to be a headwind and, of course, it does continue to be headwind, that we would see a little bit of a shift back towards more volume-driven growth and less pricing-driven growth. And indeed, that is the way it has played out in the first quarter. And the first quarter has seen a fairly significant headwind for the average of the quarter in terms of foreign exchange, although, as you rightly say, easing as the quarter ended. So when you look at foreign exchange per se, our current planning sees a lessening of the headwind as the year unfolds, indeed a lessening of the headwind sequentially quarter-by-quarter, which is a good thing. And we will continue to take the pricing that we need to take to offset any transaction impact. But, yes, consistent with the comments we made at the beginning of the year, pricing will be less of a factor in 2016 than it was in 2015.
Ian M. Cook: Yeah, again, I can't resist. Thank you for the one question. First, to answer your two Venezuela questions, as clearly as one can, the answer is zero in both cases. I'm not sure there's much to add to amplify on the EPS. The EPS flat guidance that we provided is entirely driven by the spot change in foreign exchange. So the answer to those two questions, Ali, I think are that simple. Share is a more a complicated answer, and I will give you the data you request, but a few things to say. First of all, obviously, we took out Venezuela year-on-year. Secondly, without dwelling on it, foreign exchange plays a role in the aggregation of share. And thirdly, our volume shares continue to perform quite nicely. In terms of China, the short-term share impact, and we only have the first two months of the year, so it's a year-on-year comparison, is down a share point, one, down to 33% from approaching 34%. And in the case of India, it is less than that.
Ian M. Cook: Well, it's kind of like market share, Bill, I guess. 105%, we'd probably have to stop, but I'm glad you asked the question because it is a milestone, as we said in the release. Unfortunately, the severe foreign exchange transaction headwinds have prevented us realizing that ambition over the last several years. So, again, we feel very good about the 60%. To repeat what I said a little bit earlier, we think we will be at the high end of the 75 to 125 [basis point] range for this year, maybe a bit beyond. And you're absolutely right. Our next goal is 65%. And I suggest we revisit the conversation when we get to 65%. It is interesting as you begin to reorganize us the way we are and aggregate so much of what we do. For people who are very focused, it tends to reveal more opportunities in areas that perhaps haven't been as fully exploited for efficiency than we had before. So we retain the ambition for 65%. And I'm sure when we get to 65%, we will have more ambition.
Ian M. Cook: Yeah. Well, Europe is not new news, Dara, and is consistent with prior year, frankly, slightly better than prior year. We have talked. Let's start with the consumer. We've talked about the category environments in the geographies around the world, where the growth of categories – I'm now talking our categories – is somewhat muted in the 0% to 2% range in the U.S. We're now sort of in the 2% to 3% range, edging towards the 3%, and, despite all of the headlines quite broadly across the emerging markets, still running mid-single digits on a local currency basis. So the marketplace promotional intensity, not tracing to any particular competitor, is as it has been in Europe. There's really nothing new there. We continue to operate very well in that environment, as Bina mentioned, with our market share progress. And I think that's very healthy. So that's the way I'd answer that. North America, there is always a component in North America, when you remember that the couponing for the trial of new products is covered in the trade spending. That is a factor in North America. And so, as we have heightened innovation activity, you will see more of the trial-generating couponing, which translates through into price. And in both cases, as the year unfolds, we are expecting that negative pricing to ameliorate somewhat. Pleasingly, of course, gross margins, in both the case of North America and Europe, were up for the quarter, and we expect them to be up for the year as well. So as we think about our marketing mix and where we make our investments, you look at the share. You look at the gross margin progress. You look at the top line progress. We think we're managing that balance in a responsible way.
Ian M. Cook: Thanks, Javier, very good question. The answer is on the inventory side, if you go back to the inventory events in China and Brazil sometime back, I think we were one of the first companies to come forward and describe what was going on in the marketplace. We have a very tight control on the distributors and the wholesalers that we use in these markets to bring inventory to the consumer. So there is, in these numbers, no destocking, refilling of inventory. These are true volume numbers in Latin America, and we feel good about that. We do think, and this is what we try to intimate on the fourth quarter, when people were a little bit concerned and probing on the negative volume in Latin America, that there would be a little bit of a lag, given the significant pricing we took in the fourth quarter, for volume to bounce back. But I think we were quite clear that we did expect 2016 to be a year where our organic would shade more to the volume than to the pricing. So that's what I think we are seeing in Latin America, and I think the market share story makes its own case in terms of the consumer consumption of our products.
Ian M. Cook: Yeah. Listen, to say do you think the worst is over on emerging markets is the classic famous last words statement. So I guess what I would say by way of answer is that what we continue to see in our categories is mid-single digits growth. I have to say, having just returned from Latin America and India and China, the consumer that you see on the ground, the behavior that you see on the ground, is really quite vibrant in India; and in China, is not doom and gloom, some concerns, but not the headlines that we read every day. Conversely, in Russia and Brazil, the consumer sentiment, as we have said before, is more negative. So I think the way we are thinking about it is more in terms of the consumers' consumption behavior, as we measure it in those markets, and that seems to suggest that we will be going forward with categories growing, in general terms, mid-single digits on a local currency basis. Pet food, we like the market. We have always been premium. With Prescription, obviously, we get the benefit of reversing a disease condition, with a clinically-proven product with a vet's recommendation. And, as you know, the emotional attachment pet owners have with their pets is quite extraordinary. If one comes back in life, one might want to be a pet. So and I think the offerings that we have as a company position us well in the U.S. marketplace. And, as Bina said, our business is healthy internationally, and it's also very healthy in the U.S. And I think our point of competition, as we have tried to repeat as time passes, is we now have an innovation stream on this business that we think is relevant to the consumer, and, from a pricing point of view, is seen as value.
Ian M. Cook: Yeah. Thanks, John. First of all, without sounding Pollyanna, I'm not sure we ever lost confidence in the underlying business. Obviously, the moves we're seeing on foreign exchange, from a dollar point of view, are more favorable, but I think I would always also say from an M&A point of view, our view also has never changed. We are very strategic in this space, as you know. We have interest in oral pet and personal. We have, obviously, a great deal of knowledge about assets that might be available around the world. And to the extent that they would go to auction or might be preemptively available, we would certainly pursue that, if we thought it would strengthen our company or strengthen our category or strengthen a particular geography. And although it's not a very visible part of what we do, we do dedicate time and resources to that space. More than that, I really can't say. In terms of divestment, the only thing I would really say, the last big thing we did, of course, was the divestment of our Australasian business, which now leaves us with virtually no laundry detergents. And that's probably the last scale divestment we have done and probably would be doing.
Ian M. Cook: It was a little bit of both in terms of the share loss. It has nothing to do with digital, although I will come back to digital. It is the plethora of local brands, which tends to be more brick-and-mortar activity with promoters in-store, who essentially rugby-tackle you when you walk into the store in order to persuade you. I would say it's not particularly innovation-driven for the plethora of local brands. There is one local competitor, Unimbyall (48:26) that does a good job at a premium price point. We've made the point before that we have innovation and R&D capability on the ground. We have just moved to the marketplace with a new natural line, which is very tailored to the Chinese consumer. We have advertising that is very different to the advertising that we use around the world, in terms of engaging with the Chinese consumer. Now, coming back to the Internet, we see this as an enormous opportunity in China. You're right, it is a relatively low percentage of sales in the categories in which we do business. Our business has been booming over the last three years. We have been growing market share, but we spent a lot of time when we were in Asia, particularly in China, addressing this topic and we see Internet – you think of the Tencent's and the Alibaba's, we see Internet as a very rich area for future growth in China for us. But that is separate and apart from the sort of brick-and-mortar price promotion of the plethora of cheapy brands.
Ian M. Cook: Thanks, Erin. Yeah, Latin America is a very changeable economic arena in our world. And you can go back to the 1980s, and have seen many companies be hurt by economic events and perhaps reduce focus on Latin America, or even withdraw from Latin America. We, at that time, stayed. And we learned how to operate in these volatile environments. And frankly, a lot of it starts with pricing to make sure you have a margin that allows you to invest to grow a brand. I think if you come to Brazil, the position we have with a 74% share in toothpaste, leadership share in toothbrushes, and jockeying for leadership in mouth rinse, Colgate is an enormously well-trusted brand in Brazil. And we bring significant innovation to the Brazilian marketplace; interestingly, innovation that is not necessarily cheap, but which the consumer sees value in. We're also very disciplined in terms of our go-to-market. To the question asked earlier, we make sure that we bring to the marketplace the volume of product that the consumer is purchasing, so we don't create an inventory dislocation that you then have to unwind. So the combination of all of that has seen the share grow, and, indeed, quite pleasingly, volume grow as well.
Ian M. Cook: I guess our experience on pricing in the categories where we lead pricing is that sometimes we see a lead lag between the competitor taking pricing, be they international or local, remembering a lot of raw materials are dollar dominated, so whether you're multinational or local, you're going to get the impact eventually, but then, what you see is over time, the pricing in the marketplace move up. So I would say the general experience is you have to be a little bit patient sometimes, but eventually, the patience sees the market rise. There is certainly in those markets no retailer resistance, because they understand the concept of translation-driven inflation very well, to the transaction inflation very well. To the extent the transaction is not as significant as it has been in 2015, as I said earlier, our expectation is that we will be taking lesser pricing this year than last, but over half of the pricing we came into 2016 with was rollover pricing, even excluding Venezuela. So I would say that's the way to profile it. Interestingly, if you focus your innovation on bringing benefits, think of whitening as we have done, you can actually charge a meaningful premium price in a category, lift the category and bring the consumer with you. And obviously, I think it's the duty of marketing companies to find those consumer needs that you can really deliver against at a price point wherein they see value.
Ian M. Cook: So to take your first question, I think the way we should think about it is that our gross margin will expand this year at the upper end of our 75 to 125 basis point range and that is excluding Venezuela, as you well know. And indeed, it may be slightly higher than that level. As I think we demonstrated in the first quarter, our gross margin expansion is broader than Latin America, and we expect that to be the case going forward. And that's the way we should think about it. We should also come back to the top line and repeat that without Venezuela, we are still saying we expect our top line to increase in that 4% to 7% range excluding Venezuela, and 5% was a good start. When you turn to interest income and the recording of that, I guess what we're looking at here is that the interest income will be down, but net-net, the range of interest we will be paying will be in the $30 million to $35 million a quarter range, which is up on prior year. Okay. I take silence to mean we have reached a conclusion, Jessica.
Ian M. Cook: Okay. Well, thanks. Thanks for joining the call. Thank you for your questions. Thank you for your interest. And thank you to all the Colgate people that make this happen. And we look forward to updating you on our second quarter progress later in the year.
