Ian M. Cook: Yes, let's try and put this into some sort of context, John. I -- you will remember when we spoke last, on the last call, that we were just entering our budget process. And we said that it was our goal to try and get back to double-digit growth. And at that time, as I'm sure you and others have done, if you looked at the prevailing foreign exchange rates, a 10% growth in dollars was the same as a 10% growth in local currency. I guess what has changed for 2012 is the volatility we saw since that time and coming into this call. We are very pleased with the fourth quarter. We made good progress, we think, on the top line, 6% organic. We made better progress than we expected on the gross margin line and expect that to continue going forward. But given the volatility in currency for 2012, felt that taking on that volatility was not prudent, would potentially put pressure on our ability to support the business, and so for this year, felt it was better to guide currency neutral. Again, we'll have to look at the world foreign exchange position as we work our way through 2012 into the out years to see what happens. But I think from the macro point of view, continued volatility certainly in 2012 must be the expectation.
Ian M. Cook: Well, the -- let's be clear. When we -- as we think about this, obviously, to make the gross margin progress we expect to make, and as Bina said, well within our 75 to 125 range, we will obviously be taking pricing in countries affected from a transaction point of view to make the gross margin progress. So the playbook is very much in place in terms of offsetting transaction, but it did not want to stretch it to the translation end of it.
Ian M. Cook: I think you're taking it too far, Ali, if I might say. We do believe it is the global volatility. Interestingly, if you go back historically, usually, commodities and foreign exchange were countervailing factors. We're not seeing that right now. You know in 2011 that the commodities headwind we had to face was double what we thought coming into the year, and looking at 2012, whilst the rate of increase is indeed slowing, we think it'll be between 2% and 3%, it is still at elevated levels and we're not seeing the usual correlation or loose correlation between foreign exchange and commodities. And that is a global factor, not a Colgate factor.
Ian M. Cook: Sure. Well let's start, in no particular order, with Venezuela. And of course, in that context, the new government regulations came into effect towards the end of last year, and the guidance we are giving in terms of our approach to 2012 is obviously compliant with government regulation, with no pricing, no new pricing assumption in Venezuela, but continued progress in pricing across the world including Latin America. So Venezuela is out of the picture and the rest of the Latin countries will take to offset the transaction, as we said. Optic, the whole point in the U.S. was to return to growth and return to positive pricing. We've stepped up innovation in the second half, and we're actually thrilled with the progress of our U.S. business and our progress in the Oral Care category as being the outline. Here you have a situation where the consumer sees value and the benefit they're getting, and the manufacturer and retail share in the growth and the margin expansion that quality of innovation provides. And frankly, one would look for more of that in the U.S. business and beyond, which is what we're focused on rather than taking it out and looking at the business without that innovation. So it is a particular strategy to try and create that type of innovation, and as Bina commented, with the kind of early results we're seeing in Latin America, when you transfer it, it has global applicability. In the case of China, obviously for the year, we continued in Greater China to see what we thought was good progress. We lifted our organic rate of growth for the year to about 10% with underlying volume running at about 8%. Our market share in China continues to be in the 32, 33 zone, leading the category by 10 points, and that share has been consistent across the year. And the fourth quarter was impacted by inventory adjustments with some of our distributors in the rural parts of the company, and we feel confident we will come back in 2012. So not a fundamental issue, a quarter issue.
Ian M. Cook: I mean to -- let's come back to material costs. As I said in response to an earlier question, as you know, where coming into 2011, we thought material costs were going to rise in the 6% to 7% range. They actually rose in the 12% to 13% range. And going forward, the first thing to say is that our estimation is that material commodity cost increases will be in the 2% to 3% range. And that is more than offsetable with a continued strong Funding the Growth program, which we expect, and pricing in 2012, which is partly the rollover of the pricing, we think, we balanced well in the second half of 2011 between price and volume. Let me bring you back and use this opportunity to give you the roll through for the fourth quarter and give some sense of how that is beginning to play out. In the fourth quarter, now this of course, takes us from the fourth quarter gross profit 2010 to the fourth quarter gross profit this year. So last year, our gross profit was 59.1%. And if we look at the bridge to the 57.7 this year, we got a benefit of 1.2 percentage points from the pricing we took, up from what we delivered in the third quarter because of the higher pricing. Our Funding the Growth, consistent with our trend historically, delivered 260 basis points of benefit, which was up from the third quarter of this year and up from the fourth quarter of last year. Material prices ebbed somewhat, a headwind of minus 5.1 percentage points, which compared with 5.3 in the prior quarter, so you see that plateauing, but still at elevated levels. And net, that works its way through to the 57.7, down 140 basis points. Progressive improvement, as Bina said, we expect that progressive improvement to continue into the first quarter of 2012. We don't think we'll quite get back to the first quarter of 2011 gross margin, but it will be close. And then with our normal trend of Funding the Growth with our normal trend of pricing, excluding Venezuela as a factor, we feel very confident we will be in that 75 to 125 basis points range. And a key driver is that the pace of commodity increase will lessen year-on-year.
Ian M. Cook: And when we think about building our business, we will take pricing, we will deliver the Funding the Growth initiatives that will grow our gross margin in that 75 to 125 basis points area. We did not, in these volatile times, which many of you have written about, want to take an imprudent stance of reaching to cover the translation impact of a bouncing foreign exchange, which worsened dramatically from the time we started our budget. And we think this is an appropriate way to manage the business in these turbulent times. We're going to see good top line growth next year. We're going to see good margin expansion next year. We're going to see an increase in advertising investment. We're going to see a reduction in our structural cost as a ratio to sales. All the initiatives that we have had for all of these years are absolutely going to continue. And in local currency terms, we will be growing the bottom line by double digits. So the internal discipline is not going to change at all. One of the other things though you have seen with Colgate over the years, depending on where the world macros go, is an ability to react between geographies to adjust to whatever turbulence there may be from a global macro point of view. And we will retain that flexibility, and we don't think that providing specific guidance by geography at this time does anything other than set up a potential botcher if a number is missed because we've had to make an adjustment from one geography to another even though the company as a whole delivers well from a top line and a bottom line point of view. So we don't think it adds anything. It absolutely doesn't change the discipline internally, nor does it change the flexibility that we have, I think, the judgment to use and have done well so in the past to adjust between geographies as necessary. And to your final point about pricing in general, Europe, as you know, has always been a difficult area from a pricing point of view. We were very pleased with the progress we made in the other half of the developed world in North America with the innovation stream we have, bringing North America into positive pricing territory in the fourth quarter, with an expectation that, that will continue next year. And we look to make sequential progress on pricing in Europe in 2012.
Ian M. Cook: Chris, competition has always been a factor, and the aspect of it that we have resisted is what one might call price-driven competition. And competition at its best is innovation-led competition, and that's a world we are, I think, well-equipped and happy to compete in, and Optic and the equivalent with Luminous being rolled out around the world are good examples of precisely that. When you look at geographies around the world where new entries have been made -- the Brazils, for example, the U.K.s, as Bina said, our shares continue to grow, and that is even before the benefit of the Optic or the Luminous toothpastes hit our market share. So we feel good about our relative market position. There is no question that the competitive price promotion in those markets continues to be elevated and we compete with it where we choose to and where not, certainly not at the same level as our focus is on innovation to build the business. Now when you look at the geographies around the world and the consumers' behavior around the world, what we have seen is that in the developed world with more of the purchasing decisions being made at retail, we have seen programs executed in retail outlets, what we call shopper marketing, which you don't see in the advertising number, it comes out of the trade spending. And we are, as we have said for some time, balancing our marketing techniques to take advantage of the in-store activity, where that's good, and use the more fundamental basic engagement advertising where we believe that is important. But you look at the structure of our income statement and what we're saying about 2012, I think we're exhibiting an ability to grow the top line while taking pricing, recover and then expand our gross margin, find funding from reducing structural costs as a percentage to sales, so that we can, as Bina said in the beginning, keep building our market shares around the world, which empirically, if you look at the data, is what we are doing.
Ian M. Cook: Well, first of all, the -- in Greater China, our organic sales were up. It was the volume that was modestly down. Today, we are about 51%, 52% in the emerging markets, and the definitions of those would be broadly, as you would expect, which is that North America and Europe would be developed markets, as would Australasia, and the rest broadly would be emerging markets.
Ian M. Cook: Well, the -- let's take the strategic question first, given that, that is more important. Our savings programs, if that's the place to start, our saving programs, we believe, will be as effective in 2012 as they have been in 2010 and 2011. And we have been very transparent after the fact of the precise contribution of those savings programs to our gross margin, and they will continue. I think, that's something we have demonstrated over many years that you can believe in. Secondly, we have said for at least 2 years now that we had been focusing on reducing our structural costs on a ratio basis to sales. We did that in 2011. We told you about the divestment of the detergent business in Colombia earlier -- or late last year and the effect that, that will have in 2012. So I think you can believe in that as well. And I would challenge this notion of lack of pricing power. We took greater pricing in the third -- in the fourth quarter of last year and held volume at a 4.5, 4.7 rate of growth, organic growth's strong at 6.1%. We believe that we can continue that in 2012, balancing the volume between the rollover of the pricing that we have already taken in 2011 and new pricing in 2012. In neither of those 2 years would the pricing be close to what we had done in 2008 and 2009. And we're seeing market shares and consumption grow, and again, Optic or Sensitive Pro-Relief would be good examples where if you bring the consumer a benefit he or she values, they will pay a higher price for what they believe to be a superior product. And I think you can believe that innovation stream will continue. So for me, those would be the 3 factors. We'll get the same benefit from our Funding the Growth, which is why we're comfortable with the 75 to 125 basis points expansion, we will get rollover and fresh pricing in 2012 without prejudicing the top line. We've already shown after many quarters our ability to get pricing into positive territory here in the U.S., innovation-driven. So we don't see, we don't have the same disbelief, I guess, Javier, that you may be expressing. And with that commodity headwind in the 2% to 3% range, that's something we can offset and continue to rebuild gross margin.
Ian M. Cook: It sounded to me like a question, Javier. So the quick answer, before we move on, is we invested behind the premium innovation in the U.S., and we said we were going to do that. And so we did that, and as a company, delivered what we said we were going to deliver. So that was purposeful and intentional. And as we have said before, we make judgments across geographies. And the fundamental flaw in the reasoning on the Funding the Growth question is all you're seeing there is the Funding the Growth benefit that we are getting on the gross margin line, not the totality of the Funding the Growth savings that are working their way through the entire income statement.
Ian M. Cook: We're not going to give that number, Javier, simply said. We have said very clearly that we have initiatives on the structural side. You see it in the ratio to sales as we report results, and we give very clear run through of what we get on the gross margin side. Beyond that, we're not prepared to go.
Ian M. Cook: Bill, the -- on the pricing side, I would say the pricing is going to be the same order of magnitude as we saw this year. And given where we are today, frankly, about half of that is going to be a rollover effect of pricing already taken, which is why we feel okay about the pricing. On the tax side of things, obviously, we have a lot of focus on tax savings initiatives and the impact of our capital structure and remittance planning. And for next year, we're looking at a tax guideline of between 31% and 32%.
Ian M. Cook: We constantly revisit the portfolio. As you would imagine, we most recently did it as part of our strategic process around the middle of last year. And at this time, we have no revised prioritization or plans on the portfolio we have.
Ian M. Cook: It gives trade strength in parts of the world where on those businesses, we lead. As you know, the Home Care business is a regional business. In those regions, it gives us trade strength. And the Hill's business has historically given us growth, which we are building back to, and also is a very strong cash contributor.
Ian M. Cook: Well, we continue to have market-leading share in Russia, which is between 31% and 32%. And I don't think we tend to give country breakdown from an income statement point of view, but suffice to say that we ended the year with organic growth double-digit, and the business, I would say, on a very good uptick. So shares are good and we ended the year very nicely.
Ian M. Cook: Slightly in some categories, but no, it's been a straight run through in terms of the commodity costs. So -- and our oil assumption, which I think is around 110, 113 Brent. So no, it's a straight roll through, Linda.
Ian M. Cook: I think the way we framed it, Joe, is that we expect the impact on the bottom line to be around 4%. As the current spot rates, the top line is slightly less than that, approximately 3%.
Ian M. Cook: We said that gross margin, from a gross margin point of view, we will continue to make progress sequentially as we did between the third and the fourth quarter. You will remember what we actually did slightly better in the fourth quarter than we were expecting. And we expect to continue to make progress in the first quarter, although we will be slightly shy of the first quarter 2011 level. And we expect EPS to be up broadly in line with the year.
Ian M. Cook: We don't provide that as you well know, Alice. So we give you the work-through in terms of the top line and the gross profit, and advertising will be up absolutely and as a percent to sales. And we will deliver in a currency neutral way, double-digit with that 4% headwind of translation and foreign exchange.
Ian M. Cook: I -- we certainly expect the volume to be in that 4 to 7 range. I think a reasonable way of looking at it is organic growth in the 6% to 7% range for the year.
Ian M. Cook: No. We're saying you can look at our performance across the third and fourth quarter, that's the kind of pacing we're expecting next year.
Ian M. Cook: I think Alice, you're -- we're going to have to move on. We have lots of questions. I think we've answered with about as much detail...
Ian M. Cook: Yes, Lauren, a good strategic question. I think the way we have tried to answer this historically, and I talked about it a little bit earlier, is to say that what one deploys in order to build brands, market share and the volume, that brings our engagement strategies with consumers. The most common proxy for that is the so-called below-the-line advertising, which then gets distilled into a ratio. But that's the sampling, the television advertising, the digital strategies that you deploy. And some of it is above the line in terms of the trade-related activity that is executed at retail level. And that's because techniques allow you to engage with the consumer, many of whom are making their purchasing decisions, particularly in the developed world when they are in the shopping environment, and that's how we approached this year. So if you look at our overall commercial investment, we actually increased our commercial investment year-on-year. So it's really back to this notion of balancing. We really balance between the activity we do in the retail environment, which is more developed world-oriented, and the investment we put in the emerging markets, and that is a roll-up that we do from the ground up. And then we react to that during the year as events unfold. So actually -- and advertising level that we have today, we think, is a reasonable level. Our plans for next year call for it to move up slightly.
Ian M. Cook: We -- Sanex is doing well. We are excited both by the progress, which is on plan generally and ahead of plan on the top line. And we have said before, the expansion opportunities we see for Sanex going forward. In terms of our share repurchasing, I think as we think about 2012, we should think about share repurchasing at around the same level that we had in 2011. And there was a little bit of pullback relative to the Sanex acquisition in 2011, as you would expect, as we maintain our AA- rating. And you know the borrowing capabilities we have and the benefit we get from maintaining that ratio.
Ian M. Cook: Jon, well, first of all, 4% to 7% is a range. And you may recall or know that, that has been our historical range for a long time. And obviously, in turbulent times, as we saw in 2008 and '09 and as the world, I guess, is in today, companies have to balance, which I think as what Bina said earlier, what we get from a volume point of view and what we get from a price point of view. And we think in the second half of 2011, we balanced well a healthy rate of volume growth in the 4.5% to 5% range and managed to secure pricing, ending the fourth quarter of the year with pricing at 3%. So I would say in broad terms, within that range, that's how you might like to think about 2012.
Ian M. Cook: The -- well, we have lots. I mean, we focus on Funding the Growth, as I was trying to explain earlier, on what we call direct costs, which are the costs that go into the gross margin, and indirect costs, which are those things the company buys that don't directly go to product. And interestingly, about half of what we buy are the direct costs and half of what we buy are indirect costs. And when we think about Funding the Growth savings, it really covers the waterfront. We think about simplification. We think about synchronization, as we have talked before. We think about the efficiency of our trade spending and the return on investment we get there. We think of material alternatives, formula alternatives, process alternatives. We get savings from capital spending where our rates of return, from a savings point of view, are extraordinarily high, and that will be the way we continue to think about savings from a Funding the Growth point of view. On top of that, as we said last quarter, we have the structural cost savings that we are bringing to the income statement relative to the Colombian detergent business that we sold last year. But when you think about it, Nik, it really is with the benefit of SAP that gives us visibility across all aspects of the business, challenging all areas of cost opportunity, both direct, those that go into the product, and indirect.
Ian M. Cook: Mark, Michael's retirement was long planned and we gave him the responsibilities he had at the end of an illustrious 41-year career. And we have clear plans about where the business will go, and I can promise you that Michael's departure has nothing to do with the Hill's business or any of the other businesses that he has managed in Colgate. In Europe and North America, the mood, of course, is good. In North America, I think we said -- you see it in the numbers, you see it in the pricing, and you see it in the market shares. So our year ended brightly in North America and we look for that innovation-led growth to continue. In the case of Europe, Sanex, as we've said, is adding well to our European business. Obviously, the economic, social and category overtones are not strong in Europe. We have known that for some time. They have not changed. The categories are growing at rates we have said before. And we're quite optimistic about our ability to continue to make progress in Europe, recognizing the slowing growth of the categories, which is why we have the structural cost initiatives that we have. But the European group was, actually happens to be in, and the mood is quite good in Europe, I would say.
Ian M. Cook: Yes. The -- when you talk about the overhead side of things, it is timing. The benefit will come in 2012. I guess that's the simple answer to that question. On other income and expense, I guess the way one has to think about it is the balance from the fourth quarter of '10 to '11 was really the impact of the Venezuelan announcement in 2010 that was to do with the remeasurement of the balance sheet, where they moved from the dual rate to one rate. So that was the effect there. I don't have a forward projection of that line, Jason.
Ian M. Cook: We will see improvements in 2012, Jason. And we had said we would see the full benefit of the costs that we offset with the onetime gain. And I think we said on a call before that we would expect the savings ratio of that to be consistent with the kinds of rates of return that we had delivered before, which were in that 30% to 40% range.
Ian M. Cook: No, is the answer. But in truth, the -- we did not reduce advertising in Latin America. It was up year-on-year.
Ian M. Cook: Well, I think what I'd say, Lauren, is that what we were trying to say earlier, we learned an interesting lesson, if you go back to the subprime, which is playing out again with Optic White and Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief, and that is when consumers, whether they're developed-world consumers or so-called emerging-market consumers, adopt a premium product, it's because they see a value and a benefit in that product. And even when times get challenging, they stay with that product. So in 2008 and 2009, despite the macro pressures, consumers, whether in the U.S. or in Brazil, stayed with premium products. We are now seeing again, with CSPR and the Optic White product here in the U.S., which is moving around the world, terrific consumer response to what they see as a valuable new addition to the toothpaste category. And by all means, one uses couponing here in the U.S. and other trial-generating devices to build the trial for a product. Again, as Bina said earlier, that is exhibiting some very strong repeat purchase rates. So the answer is that, that kind of consumer engagement strategy is indeed building trial and repeat for good premium-priced products. And once consumers adopt them, they stay with them.
Ian M. Cook: I guess, I'm the speaker. Okay. Well, thank you very much for joining us today, and we look forward to reporting our progress in our turbulent world. And a big thank you to all of the Colgate folks around that world who make it happen.
Javier Escalante: I have a housekeeping question that I hope is not taken as that I'm cheating. And the housekeeping question is, if you can comment what was the growth, EPS growth, in 2011 excluding the benefit from currency if we're going to be starting to compare currency neutral? And in terms of my longer-term question or my more strategic question has to do with the relationship between how you get to the double-digit earnings growth currency neutral in 2012? We saw pricing power diminish in 2011. What is going to change in 2012? You're talking about North America stabilizing, but profits were down mid-single digits on top of double digits last year. The same thing can be said about Europe. And if you can comment on what was your saving targets? What was -- how much savings you extracted in 2011 and how that is going to compare in 2012? So could you help us understand how -- what exactly is controllable and that we can believe? Because the assumption that the diminished pricing power in 2011 changing in 2012 is a risky one.
Javier Escalante: But if I can, I mean, if this doesn't count as a question, right? Just for clarification. If I get into your -- if I back into your numbers, Funding the Growth came in at around $325 million. You had said in the past that the target is between $300 million and $600 million, so it certainly came in at the low end. Funding the Growth needed to be supplemented with these restructuring programs that we didn't know about it. So it seems to me that Funding the Growth is kind of like delivering at the low end of expectations. And then coming back to the pricing side, basically, pricing came, relative to the past, came in really, really late. And yes, you took pricing in the -- pricing seems to be stabilizing in the U.S., but at the same time, profits are down high single-digit on top of double digits. So it's just hard to understand how you get to sustainable double-digit growth.
Javier Escalante: But that was my first question, Ian, what was the total savings? If you could help us understand what was the total saving in 2011 for Funding the Growth excluding -- including SG&A and what is the target for 2012.
Alice Beebe Longley: Okay. And then my final one is on the sales guidance. You told us volume, 4% to 7%. And then you just said pricing would be about the same as 2011. Pricing got pretty strong by the fourth quarter, but for the year overall, I believe it was 1%.
Alice Beebe Longley: The math doesn't work. Because with the 3% pricing on top of 4% to 7% volume, the organic sales growth would be 7% to 10%.
Alice Beebe Longley: Okay. And then if we take that 6% to 7% organic sales growth and take off 3 points for currency, it looks like you're looking for reported sales to be up 3% to 4%. So...
