Ian Cook: Yeah, I guess Dara I obviously don’t convey urgency well. And yes, we have been talking about naturals as one of our innovation areas for a while I think what I was trying to demonstrate is that our urgency is not only to get established where it is and where it is it has been doing quite well as I said from a share point of view and from a repeat point of view importantly but we are accelerating the expansion of that line of products around the world and have organized ourselves so that our speed of implementation across all geography is now accelerated in other words more urgent. And when I say things like a sharp and focus on discounters and pharmacy I mean a sharp and focused clearly these were environments we always did business in, but we have increased our strategic focus on them, because we think they can and will give us incremental growth. And of course, e-commerce, yes has been around for a long time. But we are challenging ourselves on how we can really make sure that our e-commerce growth is faster than the growth of the category, so we build market share which implies new techniques hence Hubble, hence taking products in our portfolio and selling through marketplaces in China direct on e-commerce which were things we had not done before and indeed transfer elmex to pharmacy in Brazil is a new initiative with the urgency. Now, behind all of that, we have adjusted a lot of our marketing programs. Let me use China perhaps as an example. You know that our market share in China on a value basis has been under pressure and the primary reason for that has been the explosive growth of the super-premium segment in that marketplace. So, what our volume share was holding up relatively well, our value share was penalized by a mix in our portfolio that didn't address the shape of the market. Now, we've approached that in two ways. One way, we have talked about is the dare to love toothpaste that was created in five months to be introduced locally at a super-premium price. The second is the Naturals line of products that we have moved within China also at a super-premium price.  And as I just mentioned today now, elmex coming in at a super-premium price. So direct to consumer through the important as you know, particularly in China e-commerce market. But we also in China through a very strong relaunch of the biggest business we have in China in toothpaste took a very bold price move supported by the question you're here to relaunch to tear up the pricing of our largest business in that marketplace. That pricing is now established. It is at the shelf in retail, it changes the mix of our portfolio in China favorably towards more premiums and now we can drive not just the new innovation, but we can drive our largest business at a different price point which will give a top-line benefit of course, and a value market share benefit. So, all of those things have been put together within the last year and I think going forward change the shape of our portfolio in China. Investment wise, we believe that the investment level, we have maintained for this year is strong and appropriate. We are flat at the half year-on-year maintaining at a good level and expect to be up for the balance of the year given our shape of innovation around the world. And as we continue to advance our plans, we will of course, decide which opportunities we believe at most potential and structure our investment behind them to make sure we get the maximum trial of the innovation we bring to market. We are generally seeing improved quality of communication vehicle both digitally and on the traditional media. So, we're very happy with the engagement vehicles, we have behind our business. So, urgency, yes. Panic, no. Finding the right balance in conveying this is obviously difficult at this time, but we are being dramatic and reevaluating as the small example I gave all aspects of our business as we move forward here.
Ian Cook: Well, thanks Ali. I must say the way you paint your question of course leads to a certain conclusion at a point in time. I trying to take them in turn. I think I answered the way we are thinking about innovation and growth going forward.  And we feel confident that the innovation profile and portfolio we have going forward is compelling and we will invest behind it. The clearly in terms of gross margin right now the overwhelming impact and which came very sharply was both in commodity costs and in foreign exchange and the transaction impact of that on those commodity costs.  And as I said, we are going to have to price in addition to our strong product inventory programs to see that gross margin recover. Much of the pricing is already announced and out there. And our ability to effectively price in the marketplace I think has been demonstrated already and will hold up in a more inflationary environment going forward. And you know well in some parts of the world, we have had to react to intend promotional activity which we have not judged was rational, but we have reacted to and in the U.S. where our share has been under pressure, the share of course has popped back up as we have met the couponing pressure out there in the marketplace. So, we think the spending is appropriate. We think the innovation is sound. And we think we selective M&A that we have made, and which of course remains an aspect of our strategy has been wise and have added value. And where we to do more we believe they will continue to add value as part of our portfolio.  So, I would not say overearning, and I would say that we have been very focused on meeting these challenges, as they have risen, and we have been putting in place a very close strategy to meet them in the marketplace geography by geography around the world.  Now, as to know, John [ph] became the president quite recently, as that, of course is part of the longstanding succession process that we would have been running perhaps with the last decade and like all of the senior leaders in Colgate now already has a strong voice in shaping our action for this year and in the - for 2019 and we will develop a plan, we believe will drive the topline with quality innovation and we will spend what we need to spend to get full return on that innovation in the best interest of the company and all stakeholders for the long-term.
Ian Cook: In terms of pricing in Latin America, our brands so high have very good pricing power. You remember, the story last year, where we took very, very significant pricing in the first half which eased off in the back half of the year. So, we're up against a very strong product year comparison and the Latin American pricing was I mean essentially flat.  That said, the foreign exchange pressure that is clearly there requires offsetting from a gross margin point of view and for the key Latin American markets pricing has already been announced and is making its way to the marketplace.  So, I don’t think we will need any resistance in taking the pricing in Latin America and we’ve a very strong innovation plan. So, I think the year-on-year comparison is telling as a competitive activity, I recall mentioning on the last quarterly call in Mexico which we have now begun to meet to a certain extent. But that said, the pricing in Latin America is announced, is in the plan and it is moving to the marketplace.
Ian Cook: Well, thanks Nick and first of all I think it would be fair to say as we categorize the first quarter the comparative environment from several quarters but certainly a couple of the companies you mentioned in your question have been quite elevated and I mentioned on the last quarter that in some cases we did not judge the activity to be sustainable or sensible and we did not mentioned in other cases to defend their market shares, we have reacted in order to meet that competitive activity and of course that has a predictably immediate effect on recovery in our market share. So, it is our objective to remain rational in this space and prefer to drive growth in the company through innovation and marketing rather than short term unsustainable promotional activity, but we will need what we have to meet. In terms of the local brands the topics are the ones that we have discussed before largely China and India and - in China it would take all of the court and list all of the local brands in China there are a couple of important players. And we choose sponsors in China that I think I described in quite a bit of detail is the process of the premium segment which we had reacted to in the manner I outlined before and an acceleration of this naturals innovation done differently in China than in India.  In India, I will say that the - product that we have introduced is growing quite nicely, we believe it is an adequate foil to the local brand there as I repeat as I mentioned is at a very strong level. And the market shares are moving up on an ongoing basis indeed in the modern side share is already up beyond 3 percentage points. so, we know the product will be affective in the market place and we will remain commitment to put advertising behind it.
Ian Cook: Yeah, good questions Jason and obviously areas we spend a lot of time focusing on as we construct our activity for the balance of the year and thinking about it in terms of setting up 2019.  It really is as simple as a very sharp run up in commodity costs both on the first quarter and on the second quarter of the previous year and the effect of the very sharp run up in the U.S. dollar and therefore foreign exchange negative for us in the transaction costs of those raw materials and based on things about effectively drive the gross margin. Now, let me just take a little bit longer to describe the composition of the second quarter. So, if you go back to the second quarter of last year, our ad gross margin was at 16.7%. As you know, pricing gave nothing to gross margin in this quarter. Funding the growth up 170 basis points was a good start in line with last year as you know our curve tends to build across the year in terms of our funding the growth and then as I said in my prepared remarks and you just echoed the material prices hit us by 320, 10 bps of other and that takes you to the current year gross profit. So, that’s the swing and I can sort of dimensionalize it even understanding that oil takes time to work its way through the system. But if you take the price of Brent first quarter of last year, first quarter of this year it was up 23%. If you take the second quarter of last year and the second quarter of this year it was 47%, a 12% sequential increase quarter-on-quarter. And it's not similar pace of change that created the impact. Now, our current plan effectively sees that level of impact continuing for the balance of the year. So, we don’t expect that current stock rates and with what we know about commodity prices, that curve will continue to lie obviously our funding the growth curve does continue to rise as the year unfolds and as we said there will be a benefit from modest movements in pricing which allow us to build a plan that sees gross margin begin to recover across the back half of the year. But I wouldn’t’ say there is a little predictable cycle which seem to come all the time usually for us the impact on gross margin is all about commodity price move and foreign exchange move and as you know the foreign exchange move is instant.
Ian Cook: Thanks, Andrea. Delayed discretionary spending and you've talked above the line. So, few things to say I guess, you probably saw that our SG&A was down year-on-year. And the SG&A was down notwithstanding as John said an impact of increased logistics costs which we carry on overhead. That means that our overhead ratio was down meaningfully year-on-year. and that traces to the global growth and efficiency program that we have had which you're seeing as through the hobbling and business services and some discrete activity change the shape of our organization and reduce overhead cost. So, in that sense, we have been very focused and quite urgent about making sure we get the benefit of that to run through overhead and run through the SG&A. Therefore, in terms of discretionary, yes, we are being very cautious on discretionary income, discretionary spend. In terms of the above line, I mentioned in my prepared remarks, this idea of revenue growth management which includes everything from taking risk price increase on the face of the invoice to negotiating ultimate promotional activity in partnership with the retailers in a way that is more efficient and yet as productive for both of us. So that's that is yes, an area of focus for us, but nothing unusual. I mean to this point about are we not doing things that we think are important to do for the ongoing development of the company absolutely not. So, where we think it's appropriate to invest we are. I would say on Mexico, that the destocking will be behind this at the end of this quarter. The issue in Mexico had more to do with stepped up competitive activity, which we did not need instantly, because we didn't think it was rationale but to some extent we have now adjusted our plans to meet.  And the pricing in Mexico is announced that moving to the marketplace as we work our way through the third quarter. In the context of foreign exchange, it is quite traceable to cost impact but because of the transaction impact. And we feel that compared to the peak increases of the first quarter and second quarter last year overall as a lesser level. And we think we'll stick in the marketplace given the inflationary pressures now resurging across Latin America including Mexico.
Ian Cook: Yeah, in many cases Bonnie with the new pricing, they are announced and moving to the shelf. So, I don't yet have historical data to tell you about the impact on volume. I will make the point as I said in my prepared remarks that the pricing we are taking in the second half of the year of meaningful to the structure of our plan is not significant in the absolute. Our experience in Latin America is that there is usually a short-term volume impact as much in the retail equation as with the consumer. And I don't see why this time would be any different. If we turn to private label pleasingly given the nature of our categories at least all pets and personal care given the emotional engagement, those categories have with consumers given that, particularly with a toothpaste, if you're going to put something in your mouth or your kid's mouth, if you want to trust that brand.  We have seen private label development around the world, probably most developed in Europe, but still low single-digits negligible in the United States, and in the emerging markets almost a nonexistent because our consumers have serious doubts about quality of certain products in those marketplaces. So, we're very attentive to it. We track it all the time. But so far, given the emotional connection with the product category and our brand in that category. It has not been a significant factor.
Ian Cook: Yeah. Thanks. Thanks, Kevin. Well, if I look at the category growth rates, I would say that the U.S. continues to grow around 2%, which is, well your full year compare to some not so distant history.  The European environment continues to be very tempted, overall between zero to one. Latin America had slowed, because of that lower inflation. So, the rates which have been the mid-single-digits sell off to low-single-digits.  We expect those to come back, the volume is there we expect those to come back with the pricing in the second half, which we expect to see across the markets. And Asia, Africa, you would say in the mid-single-digit perhaps 4% there. So those are the categories. Now, in terms of the strategy and what I mentioned this morning. I mentioned some stuff this morning. The stuff I mentioned this morning were areas that we wanted to emphasize on this call. Those three areas don't embody, the company's strategy overall.  And so, we revisit this all the time and you can rest assured that one of the key areas of revisiting has been and we'll continue to be on a regular basis what we are doing to accelerate growth. And that involves all of the senior leadership in the company. And every time we do it that leads with the sense of urgency that we have that leads to specific actions that we start to deploy immediately. And I think to this point even though we have made quite a lot of changes within the confines of the overall strategy we have. We are confident and driving towards returning to that 3% to 5% growth rate.  I think that for this year, we guided the organic growth for a balance of the year and the full year low-single digits. That will see a step up from the first quarter, but I would not state that the organic growth will be 3% for the third quarter. I think we will be looking at our 2019 plan to return solidly there for that year with the innovation we see in the plans that we will put behind the business. Now in terms of that improved growth. That improved growth is the strategy we are deploying. Increased investment will be there in the second half of this year. And as I said earlier, we will do what is right to support the growth ambitions we have in 2019 consistent with that strategy reflecting the quality of innovation and marketing programs we believe we have.  And with the balance of responsibility to all stakeholders in the company in terms of what the shape of that ultimately looks like. But you're right I was not implying that this company is actively thinking of a so called rebase.
Ian Cook: Well, I think you capture a very important point Olivia. We have since the years of acquisition actually expanded elmex to several important European markets given its premium nature we have usually saw season in pharmacy because that is part of the business sold of the development of the brand.  And then ultimately move into broader retailer distribution without damaging the pricing strategy integrity called the business and I would say based on our European experience that our retailer partners be the pharmacy or broader market place are very attracted by an additional brand in the Colgate portfolio knowing the quality of that product alongside Colgate and in fact it’s targeted at different uses, so it’s incremental for us and incremental for them. Now in the markets I mentioned we are starting in China direct to consumer from an e-commerce point of view and in Brazil to pharmacy which is a very important category of retailer segment for high end therapeutic products and that’s where we will start always with elmex. But I think if the European experience plays out the same way in these markets you put indeed expect overtime us to broaden the aperture of sales for elmex and I think we would get the same support and positive result that we have seen in Europe.
Ian Cook: Yeah, so we have talked before about inventory destocking impacts in various market places I guess most especially in Mexico and China and there is always going to be at the edges a rebalancing of inventory as the mix of retail environments shift particularly where e-commerce is a factor.  But I would say going forward, this is likely to be a more of an emerging market issue why, because another distribution in those markets is indirect distribution and you are reaching customers through distributors and wholesalers and when they get shy of events they see in the market place they tend to stop buying in the moment and wait until they see signs or they recovery in whatever trade sector they service. But to your implication that could we see this coming to North America I think when we track our inventory levels with our major customers in North America honestly, we have seen a general decline in inventory levels held by the more sophisticated customers down into the most single lease and if you went back a decade it would have been double-digit weeks. And I think with all of the technology available to us today with the simplification of portfolios and efficiency in supply chain some of the levels we now add in the U.S. with the most sophisticated customers, I would say a baseline operating level.  So, a significant piece of volatility in that regard, I think is unlikely, I think, both parties will be working to find efficiency, but, I think, it will be a continual gradual progress.
Ian Cook: Okay, Lauren, Thank you. The answer of those connected health and skin traced to strategy and we think that they are important place for the future. From a personnel cap point of view, we have laid our territory, where we want to establish and build a position in skin health, true skin health. And that requires determologist, requires a portfolio that the professionals in that space will recommend and if there is opportunity to build organically with the two assets we have today and as I implied earlier, it is also a nice platform upon which we can build, should we say choose other assets externally as that would shift that generalized strategy of skin health.  Interestingly, some of the thinking we have on our base business around recommendation and endorsement, translating and apply very, very well. We obviously learned a new areas of skin applications and skin science which we can trickle down to our base businesses like Sanex and Palmolive, but we can also now move up in terms of clinically demonstrable healthcare delivery.  We think that’s a good space, that we think that with population trends in the world is a long-term growth space with pricing advantage and margin advantage for the long-term and once people used these products like the suntan lotion from Elta for a particular skin condition to protect them from the sun, I hate to use the word for skin care product, but little over stick ability, because people will stay with the product that gives them the benefit they are looking for.  And the connected brush, what we see and have seen for a while is that the combination of behavior and data can be a powerful way to build the businesses going forward. And, if you think about where data is going, the ubiquity of it, the miniaturization of it. The depths of what it can provide as AI starts to play a role.  The toothbrush is a wonderful vehicle to be an informed advisor to a person using that product. And never mind, if you can translate that same benefit in emerging parts of the word to a manual offering for example. And so, we think, this is the step into the future. We think it will take time to build. We think the capability we can bring from an information point of view to consumer will grow. We think Apple is a terrific partner in terms of the technical reputation that it brings to the buying consumers and so happens with the colors are in the [indiscernible] colors which is good red and white. So, a scenario we are committed to and we see as building. I think in terms of the core business, we continue to believe there is vitality in the categories in the categories in which we do business. one of the structural changes we have embarked upon which revenue growth management talk to the specific action in China talked to in terms of clearing up the business, recent there is rich opportunity to take our big businesses and in addition to the new product innovation bring meaningfully signed typically supported innovation to our bigger businesses with the corresponding value increase both perceived and asked to a consumer and with that can grow the top-line of our base sustainably into the future. So, there is all the questions we have today, I thank everybody for participating on the call and we look forward to catching up with you later in the year. Bye-bye.
