Ian M. Cook: Well, thanks for the question, Jason. We didn't rehearse this, but it's a perfect lead-in to some remarks I was wanting to make to put the gross profit in context, tell you to exactly your question, how we are thinking about that balance over the rest of the year and then probably I'll just go through the gross margin roll forward to save time, somebody else asking the question. I think to begin with, it goes without saying that 2015 is a volatile year, and characterized as we all know by economic challenges in many parts of the world, and I think very specifically as Bina mentioned, a continued strengthening of the U.S. dollar, which accelerated across the second quarter; and in fact has continued to strengthen with the current rates, we're seeing into the third quarter. And so, as you put it, we are very well pleased with the continued strong; in fact, accelerating organic growth in our business and we see that overall having a healthy balance between volume and pricing, which is a balance one tries to maintain. Indeed, as we look across each of our four business categories, we see a healthy balance between volume and price. And I would say at this stage that we are still expecting top line organic growth for the full-year to be in the 4% to 7% range. Now, when you step back from that and say what is making that work, we think it's three things; our innovation is clearly working, and it is broad and it is lined up well for the future. We believe, as we have said before that our commercial programs, which is a combination of traditional advertising and trade spending are effective and that together the strength of our innovation and the effectiveness of those commercial programs are seeing market shares growing quite broadly. So, in sum, our strategy is delivering strong brand led growth and double-digit EPS increases on a currency neutral basis. Now, as you rightly say, our gross margin in the quarter was pressured more than expected, despite the fact that we realized good pricing, that as you will see when I go through the gross margin roll forward we had good continued delivery of strong Funding the Growth and restructuring savings. Indeed, we offset year-to-date to the dollar impact of the cost increases so far this year. But in the second quarter specifically, we face three unanticipated negative impacts on our material costs. Obviously, we expected a meaningful impact from foreign exchange transaction costs, but we did incur the incremental costs of the faster than forecast foreign exchange deterioration. We saw in several high inflation emerging markets, including Venezuela, an increase in local material costs in the quarter. And finally, while not a significant factor in the overall gross margin decline, we did see additional material cost increases in Venezuela due to a slowdown in dollars received at the official rate. Now, what to do over the balance of the year? As you would expect, our planned response is additional pricing; and as I said on the last call, as we think about pricing we try and maintain this balance between volume and price. In some situations, Africa, Eurasia, as Bina mentioned, where the exchange impact is so significant, we take extremely aggressive action and, indeed, concede volume to get price and stabilize the business. In other parts of the world, we seek to maintain a balance, but regardless of approach, additional pricing is planned for the balance of the year. Clearly, we will redouble our focus on Funding the Growth, and we intend to take full advantage of generally weakening commodity materials pricing, which on the last call we said would really begin to benefit towards the end of the second quarter. So, those are our three responses. We believe we have planned them in a way that will allow us the maintenance of the top line growth in that 4% to 7% range. And now, our thinking for the year, we'll see a sequential improvement in gross margin across the balance of the year; and for the full-year, an increase of 10 basis points to 30 basis points. So, let me go from that to the gross profit roll forward. So, if we take the second quarter, we start with the prior year at 58.8%, we pick up a one point benefit from pricing, we pick up 2.2 points of favorable from Funding the Growth and the modest contribution from restructuring. We take a negative impact of 3.5 points of material prices, which traced back to the unexpected impacts I just referenced, 20 basis points of other, which gets you to the 58.3% in the quarter, the 50 basis points decline. So, that's how we're thinking about it. And as you rightly say, one is trying always to find a good balance between the top line growth and the recovery of the ratio in gross margin. And we think we have that in the plan for the balance of the year. Thanks for the question.
Ian M. Cook: Yeah, I wasn't necessarily expecting it as the second question, but I think we were expecting a remark or two on Venezuela. I think the first thing I would say in terms of the breadth of information that we provide on Venezuela, we have I think over time been providing increasing disclosure in our Qs and Ks. And I think you will find that continues to be the case when you read the Q on this quarter. As may know or you will now know, for the first six months of this year, Venezuela represented about 4% of our revenue and 2% of base business operating profit for the six months ended in June. And we do provide in the Q the detail of the net monetary assets that we hold of just over $600 million and the non-monetary assets that we hold of just under $300 million that could be subject to impairment. We also provide information as to the effect on that if we had to go to the SIMADI rate, which would see us with a charge of about $340 million after-tax or $0.37 per diluted share. And that would also likely lead to an impairment of our non-monetary assets. And we also provide, as we have done for some time, Colgate's total investment in Venezuela, which is about $1 billion. Now, the reason we continue to manage Venezuela the way we do, first of all, we have for 2014 and into 2015 been receiving dollars and are able to operate our business even though, as you say, that has become a little bit more volatile in the second quarter. Second, each company has its own facts and circumstances. And we still understand that our dividends would be remitted at the SICAD rate and, therefore, that's why we translate the business at that. And of course, we moved to the SICAD away from the official rate, so it is a little bit more conservative. But as you rightly indicate, Venezuela is a period-to-period assessment. You will see in our Q that our conclusion at the end of the second quarter is that we will maintain the translation rate we have and that we will continue to consolidate that business and we will specific to our facts and circumstances, as we always do, to continue to revisit that quarter-upon-quarter.
Ian M. Cook: Yeah, I'll resist repeating the last man standing comment, Bill. But in terms of advertising, as I have said before, we build our programs from the ground up, and we're very much focused on what it takes to maintain awareness of our base business, build awareness of new innovations and build trial and go on and repeat, given the quality of our products for the new products that we bring to the marketplace. As you rightly say or suggest, and we have seen and we talked about it on the last call, we have seen many competitors in several significant markets around the world substantially pull back on traditional advertising and, therefore, we can accomplish our strategic objectives and not lose competitive presence on the ground. And as we've tried to express before, a lot of what you can do at the retail level today is far more sophisticated and strategic than maybe 10 years ago. And we make no apology for choosing to construct our marketing programs with good reliance on both. We talk about integrated marketing communications and we talk about reaching consumers at all touch points, which of course does, yes, include traditional television and digital, but also includes the retail, dental professional, veterinary professional environments that shape their purchasing decisions. I would not project seeing our advertising levels decline meaningfully. In fact, as we think about this year, we expect to be up on a local currency basis and probably at about the same level as last year on a ratio basis. But we'll obviously again as we go forward look at what it takes to build the engagement without consumers to keep growing market share and therefore our brands and therefore the top line of the company.
Ian M. Cook: In China, as we said on the last call, in fact, the consumption was mid-single-digits. We suggested, I think, that the second quarter was off to a good start in China and that we expected to be back to consumption. You, I think, can see that in the Asia numbers. China is back to consumption, and as Bina mentioned, we saw a bounce back in Brazil, and when we look at our categories in Latin America, including Brazil, the growth rates of the categories is around that mid-single-digits level; so we would say, you know, that's the expected environment going forward. In fact, to comment for the emerging markets, mid-single-digits for the U.S., about 2% on average or the spread is 1% to 3% depending on the categories; and Europe at the same, 0% to 2% range bound level it's been in for some time.
Ian M. Cook: Our share is up. I mean, Bina talked about the year-to-date. The latest period is over 72%, as I said last time, who's looking? I think, fundamentally, Chris, it has to do with the category. I think we were prudent the last time we spoke, because the country was in a state of short-term dislocations; and in fact I had just come back from Brazil and so felt it up close and personal, and we thought it was better to take a more prudent stance for the balance of the year, until we saw the category growth rates come through. I would say that has now stabilized. We expected to provide an update at the end of the second quarter, and we're able to do so, and I think we can say that the underlying consumer consumption now in our categories in Brazil is back to that broad mid-single-digits growth rates. So, it traces specifically to the category growth.
Ian M. Cook: Well, I really don't want to start getting into detail by countries; but suffice it to say, we did not have the declines in Russia that some others are quoting. Our market shares in Russia are strong and growing. And we, of course, have taken some fairly significant pricing across that division, but very specifically to Russia, given the foreign exchange impact, actually, our toothbrush here in Russia was up two points. So, is back to the opening remarks, really, and that is, yes, we are taking pricing as we need to. We're focusing on Funding the Growth, we're focusing on the Global Growth and Efficiency program, but we're also focusing on building our brands and building our market shares. And I would say the progress in Russia fits that model.
Ian M. Cook: I think most everybody is hurt a little bit by the Russian circumstance. We certainly don't see any irrational behavior the other way, no.
Ian M. Cook: Oh. You know, again, you see pockets of increased activity. You see pockets of decreased activity. I would characterize the global landscape as business as usual.
Ian M. Cook: Well, the first question is a very broad question. To be clear, I'm not saying that our share of voice is necessarily higher by market. I'm saying that if you use that as the measure of consumer engagement, which is a questionable hypothesis, even though, it gives you a number, we have remained competitive. And back to the comment we made earlier, you know, our objective is to make sure we have brand awareness of our base business and build trials for new businesses. And we believe the spend levels we have do that. If you look at the category rates of growth, I would argue that growing categories is a lot more complicated than simply media pressure. Obviously, in our advertising we do the educational work, but sometimes perhaps we don't talk about it enough or people don't focus on it enough, but how you go to market, the depth of distribution you build, the sizing pricing you have in your portfolio, indeed, the price points you have in your portfolio amplified by price both at the low-end and the high-end creates access points for people to come into and stay in a category. And we put an awful lot of pressure and effort to making sure we construct our portfolio the right way in order to keep the category penetration up and keep the growth rates of the categories at healthy levels. And all of that you see in the portfolio choices we make, the sizing pricing choices we make, the distribution gains we get, right down to the furthest rural areas, and that is very much a driver on sustaining a category growth. Now, it's a very big discussion, Ali, and I'm not trying to trivialize it. I'm just trying to suggest there are more factors that come to bear than just advertising. And then to come to your second point. And some of you have already started to indicate this, so let me try and respond to the question and be clear. As we said in our release, at current spot rates, we continue to expect a low-single digit earnings per share decline on a dollar basis, excluding, of course, the restructuring and the other charges we highlighted in the release. Now to be clear, low-single digit earnings decline range, dollar earnings decline range, is minus 1% to minus 3%. And in as much as we have seen continued significant deterioration in foreign exchange rates over the course of the second quarter and since we last spoke, we would expect to be at the more negative end of that range, which would still reflect a double-digit increase on a currency neutral basis.
Ian M. Cook: Well, I think depending on your view on foreign exchange, we've just given you our view on foreign exchange, that unfortunately is likely to continue. So the benefit will come in the material costs, the commodity costs, over the balance of the year and the increased pricing that we will be taking. So if I give a general view, that's really the way it breaks down.
Ian M. Cook: Yeah, Olivia, clearly it really is a combination of the factors that I raised before, which is more pricing, more Funding the Growth, more favorable underlying commodity pricing and maybe a little bit of Global Growth and Efficiency as well. And then you've maybe got the mix aspect of our business that could provide a factor as well. But the real drivers will be pricing, will be Funding the Growth, underlying commodity costs and maybe a touch from Global Growth and Efficiency, as we have seen before.
Ian M. Cook: Yeah, the biggest single difference, Olivia, is couponing. Couponing is a very effective draw mechanism in the U.S., used more in the U.S. than any other geography around the world, and of course, goes into trade spending. Bina mentioned some of the new products that we have been introducing, and we have obviously been trying to build trial of those new products and, therefore, you invest in couponing and you see it in the volume growth of the business. So you're always going to see North America is a little bit more lumpy quarter-on-quarter because of that difference in the go-to-market.
Ian M. Cook: Yeah, I would say local competitors are a factor around the world. I guess they've been often discussed by several folk in China. Certainly, we see them in Latin America. And your best way of responding and the way we try to respond is to understand the consumer and make sure that the innovation we're providing is competitive against the benefit or the product offering the local competitor is providing. And then secondly when you mention go-to-market, it is often the case with the local competitor that they have a particular infrastructure that can build downtrade distribution and a lot of activity, again, at retail level, and you just need to be effective in making sure that your products are available at an equal weight to that competitor and that you have the same degree of activity at retail level to compete with them. Now, China is an interesting example where our market share over the last several years has gone up from 29% to 34%. One of our principal competitors has come down from 25% to under 14%. And another has come down from 12% to high-single digit and the local competitor has really taken the difference. So without making one example a predictor for the world, I think it demonstrates we have managed to defend and continue to grow our business quite well. But, it comes down to product offering, and the strength of your go-to-market, particularly down trade and particularly activity at retail.
Ian M. Cook: I guess, the simple answer is they both grew. And the reason for the growth was driven by innovation, both on the Prescription Diet line and the Science Diet line. The appearance of Blue Buffalo in the pet super stores is not a new thing. They have been there for a long while. And our presence in those stores, our activities in those stores has not been affected. So, we saw very good growth, and as we have tried to say several times on calls, one of the big differences we were striving for was a stream of innovation on Hill's, so that it was not episodic, but that we had a flow of innovation both on the Science Diet business and the Prescription Diet business, and we think we have that. I mean, who couldn't love innovation that has Enhanced Appetite Trigger built into it? I bet the Petco for that. So, it's driven by innovation. Now where Blue Buffalo will be new is in the more therapeutic side of the business. They have announced two entries in only two segments. One is gastrointestinal. You'll remember from Bina's remarks that we are going to market with a very compelling gastrointestinal product right now with the Prescription Diet line, so I come back to the innovation. We think it's strong, and we think it will see us well with our very elevated share with the vets, which as you rightly say, continue to grow in the second quarter. So, we think we're well-positioned with both, Javier.
Ian M. Cook: Well, I mean, correct. We've always had this situation. I tried to say earlier in response to a question, in some cases, Russia would be a classic example where a crisis emerges. You take very aggressive pricing and accept the fallout on the volume just to stabilize the business. In other cases, you simply can't take pricing quickly enough, and intelligently manage the balance between volume price and therefore the top line growth in response to transaction, which hits you the minute you exchange slides. So, our pricing benefit from that will be progressive over the balance of the year, and you are correct, will continue into 2016. So, as we look at the balance of the year, yes, it is to do with the Global Growth and Efficiency program; and as I said, advertising will be broadly in line with last year. You may recall the last time we spoke from a ratio point of view, you may recall the last time we talked about it being up. So, heavily led by Global Growth and Efficiency, and I think you could say a moderation, again, we still think by our share and our top line delivery competitive for the moderation and the advertising over the back half.
Ian M. Cook: Yeah. Well, first of all, it's a great name. But in response to the question, as we answered the previous question, I would say from a global point of view, no, you know, no substantial difference. I mean, if you go country-by-country around the world, you see different approaches from different competitors that you have to react to, but no overarching strategy that sees a significant change, no.
Ian M. Cook: No. Thank you very much, Jessica. Thank you all who joined the call and your interest in the company, and as we always say at this time, thank you especially to the Colgate people who make it all happen. Bye-bye.
