Noel Wallace: Thanks, John and good morning everyone and thank you for joining us on the call today. I thought it appropriate to begin by framing three strategic areas of focus for our company that I believe will be critical to our ongoing success, and we certainly started to see transpire in the first quarter. The first area of focus is how we are thinking about organic sales growth. No question that to deliver long-term revenue growth that's sustainable, we need to be more aggressive about going after growth, and we are going after growth differently. As you recall in the fourth quarter call and at CAGNY, I spoke about some of our growth mindset, specifically we are driving the Colgate brands like Total and Science Diet, remember these are big brands, big brands with a global penetration in many countries around the world, and we are bringing that to market through significant new innovation and superior product and formulations. We would also bringing that alongside significant brand building along those businesses with real brand purpose that resonates with consumers in the different way. Second, we are going after adjacent categories and product segments like naturals which is doing very well for us, therapeutics by expanding Elmex and Meridol to select markets, and importantly, expanding skincare and continuing to focus our investment on opening new doors and channels with that category. Third, we are expanding the availability of our products through distribution and new markets, being very thoughtful in that regard but we see opportunities in new channels, particularly in channels like e-commerce which is key to our continued growth moving forward. We were very pleased with the growth in e-commerce in the first quarter which was up 28% versus the year ago period. So, more to do and more to come and we are certainly focused on those areas. Our second key area of focus is to simplify our processes and our structures around the world. We recognize that we need to change in order to respond to a rapidly changing marketplace in terms of our ease and how consumers are shopping. For example, we have revamping our innovation process to dramatically reduce the time to market. You heard my dear fellows speak about that at CAGNY and those changes are underway beginning in Latin America, and we will begin to roll those out around the world as we move into the balance of the year. Third area of focus for us is using data and looking to digitize the organization very differently. We know that data can enable faster growth and faster decision-making. We know that data drives further ROI in media, and we know that data-driven marketing is far better return-on-investment than the way we are spending today. We also know that we can use data to improve our assortment in e-commerce. In the area of digitization some exciting thing is coming down the pipeline for us to drive productivity across the organization. We are going to change from our SAP system that we have had in - that we started in 1994 to the upgraded SAP S/4HANA which we think is going to simplify our processes significantly around the world, drive more standardization and better reporting and decision-making from all of that. So you begin to see a lot of this unfold as we move into the balance of the year. We are pleased to see some of that taking hold in the first quarter of this year. So, before I jump into Q&A I wanted to take a moment to thank the 35,000 Colgate people for supporting me during this important transition over the last year. I am extremely proud to lead, to listen and to learn from that extraordinary team, and I know with their drive and continued commitment, and our focus on growth, we will build a future to smile about. And it's those people that I want to extend a special thanks to Ian Cook for the past 12 years of his extraordinary leadership as CEO of this company. He has transformed this organization in many ways and we will be forever grateful for his leadership. I especially want to thank him for his wise counsel and mentorship over the last six months as he has prepared me for this new role. So with that let me turn it over to the questions.
Noel Wallace: Overall, we have seen significant growth first of all, on untracked channels, particularly in U.S. where we saw double-digit growth in a lot of those untracked channels, which we are very encouraged about. If I stay within North America, the toothpaste shares are flat, we obviously introduce Colgate Total in the middle of February, we saw a significant competitive response and we have responded accordingly but we weren't going to deal overly aggressive in order to drive share. Bear in mind, that we are in this for the long-term, this is a marathon not a sprint with the launch of Colgate Total, it's not like introducing a new product, we have existing shelf space and existing penetration, it's a big brand and we are looking to continue the drive trial and repeat throughout the year. So the way we have structured and strategized our media spending over the year is to continue with high investments quarter-on-quarter through the balance of the year, and we think in the end that would generate sustained growth for the business. Moving on to some of the other markets, our value shares and volume shares in Mexico are actually flat, we are slightly down in Brazil and that was due to some aggressive promotion from the competitive environment, recognize that the Colgate Total launch which will have a significant premium in both those markets, which - where it has a sizeable share will launched in the second quarter. Our volume shares on balance are only down 30 basis points, so we feel quite comfortable with where we are, particularly, given the activity in most of the total spending coming in the year to go.
Noel Wallace: We were actually very pleased with the balance of organic growth in the first quarter, obviously both volume and pricing up, we had good pricing in the fourth quarter as you have pointed out, and likewise, good pricing in the first quarter, so coming off of that, we are quite pleased. Some of the pricing still yet to come, we talked about in the fourth quarter, the two-thirds would roll through from 2018 to 2019, we have a third to go, and we are quite confident that we will generate the pricing that we set out for ourselves on the year. Certainly at the current spot rates, if spot rates change, we certainly have to look to take more pricing but we are quite comfortable with where we are and how that's flowed through. Specifically on Total, we are very pleased from the fact that we have seen pricing stick everywhere we have launched Colgate Total. Coming back to the U.S., our equivalized shares - as John mentioned, we downsized, the price per ounce is up about 16% in the Total toothpaste franchise and the U.S. is up 8%, so price is holding and more to come as we move through the balance of the year.
Noel Wallace: Sure. So China came in as we expected in the quarter, we had - I think communicated in the fourth quarter call that we expected China to turn in the back half and that's exactly the timing that we are still looking for. Some significant changes in investment going into China as we speak, we are looking at obviously to get the portfolio structured appropriately, we are getting the structure in the organization and putting resources where we think the growth will come in that business moving forward. So we are making some investments in the business in the short-term that we believe would drive sustainable growth in the long-term for our business which will be - we will start to see that turn in the back half of the year.
Noel Wallace: Thanks, Andrea. Again, a good growth in the first quarter out of North America, we are not going to break it out but suffice to say, all of the key elements of the North America business grew in the first quarter. We were particularly pleased with Tom's of Maine which had another significant growth following a sequential growth over the last three quarters, so that's doing well, the sell-in on Total performed well. Obviously as you have pointed out, PCA and Elta were added into the organic growth, not a significant portion, but we are very pleased with the progress on that business that we have seen thus far. So overall, a good performance in North America across a well balanced organic growth in all of their categories and their core businesses. In terms of the re-launch of our Colgate Total in Latin America, we just started shipping at the end of the first quarter with most of the activity and all of the investment to come in the second quarter. So I would say a portion in the first, most to come in the second as we move forward.
Noel Wallace: Thanks, Ali. A lot in that question. So let me try to step back for a moment, talk a little bit about our strategy. We realized to drive long-term sustainable growth that we do things very thoughtfully and in a measured way. We have taken the advertising up, as you well pointed out, quite significantly in our view, up in the first quarter, we will hold those levels through the balance of the year and everything that we know about building brands, particularly brands as big and as scalable as Colgate Total, it's that continuity that really pays off in the long run. We don't look to a percent to sales, we look for what do we need to do to create the right impressions and the right engagement behind a significant innovation like Colgate Total, and that's exactly what we are doing. We are going to continue to plot away with the plan that we have, we were very strategic in not making - and not necessarily spending all of our money in the first quarter, we want to balance out over the year, we are not buying shelf space, I heard you mention that. And a brand like Colgate Total, which is an existing brand in the U.S. at 10-share, that's a successful brand already. So what we are doing is basically trying to drive more velocity off-the-shelf, we are not necessarily increasing shelf and we didn't necessarily see any of that in terms of shelf increases in the first quarter. So we have got strong shares, strong shelf space, and we are going to continue to build on that. I will give you a little bit about consumption on Colgate Total. Obviously, as we move through some of the high competitive reactions in February and March, the last four weeks on Colgate Total, the consumption is up 40% and our share is up 1 point. So we are in a good position relative to what we are seeing there and obviously a lot of the work to come as we move through the balance of the year. And in terms of advertising, we will likewise see those increases come to bear as we roll it out, particularly, in big markets like Latin America.
Noel Wallace: Thanks, Steve. So let me go back to a little bit about - with regards to my upfront comments around how we are framing growth. As I talked about at CAGNY, we are really looking at three specific priorities and in many respects that would kind of prioritize how we are spending, that will unfold through the balance of the year. Historically, we were very focused on line extensions and to a certain extent growing in the adjacencies, and we quickly recognized that we have to have a real balance. Colgate has big core businesses that are in many countries around the world that had significant leakage relative to share and were not driving the growth that we needed, hence our need to put real superior bundles behind the core in order to shore up the core, so when we balance that with increased innovation behind adjacencies like naturals, like therapeutics, that we get the incremental growth moving forward and that's exactly how we are going to prioritize it. Relative to M&A, certainly there is a lot of activity out there, we are still going to be extremely thoughtful on how we approach M&A. We have obviously done some great M&A over the last couple of years, specifically PCA and Elta which we are very excited about, as those assets become available we will think through them very carefully relative to their strategic fit in the business and what they bring, and if we find the right value we will certainly go after them.
Noel Wallace: Sure. I think at the heart of a lot of that good balance this year, particularly between emerging and the developed world was the fact that we are starting to see some of the categories turn in the emerging markets which is particularly encouraging for us given our footprint. So moving forward, we would continue to see that balance of pricing and volume moving through the balance of the year. The innovation will support the volume that the innovation will support the premiumization that we are going after, particularly as we see total and the Science Diet business, which is just now going into the U.S. and the roll out through the balance of the year start to take hold. So we will continue to see the right balance as we move forward keeping the investment there will help drive that.
Noel Wallace: Sure. The categories as you mentioned, we have seen a tick-up particularly in emerging. We are modeling organic, excuse me, we are modeling category growth rates in that 3% to 5.5% depending on the market around the world. In the developed world, somewhere between flat to around 2.5%, we seen a little bit of tick-up in the U.S., Europe continues to move sideways, but the U.S. we are seeing a little bit of acceleration there. So we think we are relative to our guidance on the 2% to 4%. We are well-positioned where the categories are and if Latin America and particularly Africa continued to accelerate or hold at the current levels that would bode well for us. But we said that before, let’s get a couple more quarters underneath us relative to those categories and we will go from there.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Well, let me take the pricing question first. Yeah, we are about right. We are right where we thought we would be about two-thirds of the business. We are seeing a roll through and a third to go and we have got some pricing that’s going into place starting the second quarter. So we are quite comfortable with that in terms of how that’s going to roll through the balance of the quarters in ‘19. Hill’s is a great story. I come back to a lot of the fundamentals of our strategy, which is driving the core working on adjacencies and particularly expanding into new segments and new retail environments, and Hill’s ticks those boxes extraordinarily well. We obviously had great growth in the fourth quarter, really strong start to the year, relative to what we are seeing Science Diet re-launch and just now going into the market as I mentioned in terms of the full impact of the new packaging and the new formulations, which as I mentioned at CAGNY will be coupled with increased pricing and the media investment behind that business particularly in North America will now start to go into the market in the second quarter. U.S. had a very strong first quarter, and, again, I think it’s driven by great market share gains particularly in pet specialty. We obviously continue to have a very strong e-commerce business and holding shares there and we -- in terms of expanding into new channels, we have gone aggressively the farm and feed channel, which was growing and we were under indexed and we have seen incremental distribution and sales growth come from that. So, all-in-all, really pleased with where Hill’s is right now and particularly pleased given a lot of the Science Diet stuff is still to come in the U.S. and we will start to roll that out in the balance of the world as we move into the second half.
Noel Wallace: Great. Thanks, Robert. So again good results coming out of Brazil. We were pleased particularly given that we generated both volume and pricing in Brazil in the quarter, which was terrific to see. Relative to the promotion environment yeah we saw some of our competitors go quite aggressive in the first quarter. We decided not to chase that with our business. It was interesting the share loss that we saw in the first quarter, which is roughly about 1 point on the business. We are still at a 72 share, came out [inaudible], our Sorriso brand, which is our secondary brand because of the deep discount and we saw some from our competitors. That being said our instinct is that that particularly be driven by a high promotional activity that we always see in the first quarter do we often not chase given some of the foreign exchange headwinds that we have seen in that market and we think that will balance itself out through the remainder of the year. Early days on elmex. We have rolled it into the pharmacy channel. The pharmacy channel is roughly 15% to 20% of the ACV in Brazil. Early news is really good on elmex in terms of driving incremental share in the pharmacy channel we are up about a point so far in the channel but lots more to go. The investments there we ring fenced it it’s an important strategic initiative for us and we are optimistic that we will continue to see particularly that channel grow as you move through the balance of the year.
Noel Wallace: Thanks, Jason. So quickly coming back to China. Not a lot more to add there. We are obviously it came in in-line with our expectations. The inventory de-stocking continues. We made good progress in the fourth quarter, continued progress in the first. We are rebalancing, as I mentioned some of our go-to-market structures and how we take the product to market, particularly as it results around the portfolio specifically, and that will unfold as we move through the balance of the year. So as I said we expect to see sequential improvement moving through the back half of the year and that is on schedule as we speak. Relative to gross margin, so your question around cost, yeah, we saw significant elevation of cost in the fourth quarter, a little bit better in the first quarter, in the range of 4% to 6% commodity in terms of increases moving through the gross profit line and we expect that to abate as we move through and lapse some of the foreign exchange transaction impact that we had last year that occurred in the first half and will get better as we move through the balance of the year. So the answer to your question is, yes, we expect that to abate, which has given us confidence that we can continue to hold and increase gross margins moving forward.
Noel Wallace: Sure. So, listen, first of all, we are very pleased. Again, coming back to those growth strategies that I outlined earlier, expanding in new retail environments and getting our fair share so to speak is a real strategic focus for us. And e-commerce is an important area of that. As I mentioned, we were up just shy of 29% in the first quarter, and importantly, that was driven with a strong North America performance. Their shares were up 1.7 points on the Colgate franchise alone, which was terrific and likewise driven by a continued strong growth on the Hill’s business. The softness we have is to a certain extent in Asia, while the e-commerce shares are flat we didn’t see the growth that we are expecting there and that’s part of the turnaround strategy that we are looking to execute as we move through the back half of this year.
Noel Wallace: So listen on the categories we love all our children equally in this case, obviously, Oral Care continues to be a real focus for us. The first quarter organic that we delivered was largely driven by toothpaste and by Hill’s, and so we are very encouraged. But as John mentioned in his opening remarks, we had positive organic across all the categories which in our view is the quality and the composition that we are ultimately looking for. But from a prioritization, certainly, Oral Care, Personal Care, and our Pet Food have always been our top three priorities and we will continue to focus on growth in that regard. In terms of your second question, it was around gross margins. Listen, we -- as I have mentioned not much more to add. We expect gross margins to be up on the year. We expect some of the cost environment that we saw in the fourth quarter and the first quarter to abate as we move through the balance of the year. We have got more pricing to come and we obviously have the Total re-launch and Science Diet re-launch rolling out around the world. So we are comfortable with where we are now at the current spot rates and we will see how that unfolds, but comfortable in terms of the outlook that we have given.
Noel Wallace: Yeah. Thanks, Mark. Let me step back for a minute and give you a little bit of insight in terms of how we look at M&A. Not just simply from the economics and the growth aspects of those categories or businesses that we acquire. But more importantly what are the core competencies and learning that they can bring into the larger enterprise across the company, and Elta and PCA fit those parameters just perfectly. Obviously, we love business with strong endorsement levels. Elta at the dermatology level and PCA at the aesthetician level and we have learned from what we have done obviously at Oral Care and our Vet business on how to successfully monetize that going forward. Both those businesses have unique aspects to them. Elta has an incredible e-commerce business, and an influencer model, particularly as they have digital very effectively. Likewise, PCA has a wonderful in-office strategy in terms of how they go-to-market there, particularly around their data driven marketing that they use. So some great insights that we will bring into the business and certainly leverage across other categories and we continue to dial up the investment in those businesses given the great growth that we are seeing coming out of them at least initially in the first quarter. Moving forward, Skincare is interesting to us. We have got two businesses that we are focused on right now. We will continue to drive those moving forward. If we see other things come available that we think we are interested in and will bring real value to the Colgate Company, we will certainly go after those. But we are very focused on what we have right now and that’s how we are going to lay it out for the balance of the year.
Noel Wallace: So, again, let me extend my thanks to the entire Colgate team, obviously, a good quarter that we should be proud of. We all know there’s a lot of work to do. We are very focused on growth and let’s get after it. We are in the second quarter as they say and we will be in touch with everyone on the call as we move through the balance of the quarter and into the third quarter. Thanks so much.
