Ian Cook: Yes. I guess as we think about pricing Andrea and we talked about this a little bit on our last call. Clearly there is underlying commodity cost pressure that affects everybody. And clearly we have seen a slowing of category growth in some markets around the world and that has resulted in, in some cases is heightened promotional activity price space to try and get more of that smaller pie and that puts pressure on pricing. But as we said in the last call with the underlying commodity pressure with the inflation that we think will come back modestly in Latin America and other emerging markets, we believe there is the potential to take pricing over the balance of the year. We know we can do it from a consumer point of view and we think that other manufacturers are faced with the same cost pressures that we are faced with. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks in some instances where we thought the promotional activity was economically destructive we did not participate. So I think a combination of the underlying commodity price pressures, modest inflation and I would say an expected lessening and we're seeing that in some cases of promotional activity which is not a constructive way to build the business for medium term gives the potential for pricing over the balance of the year. On top of which by the way, we have John mentioned the naturals expansion much of that renovation while not technically an increase in prices is very much at a premium and of the category which obviously gives you the margin benefit of the elevated premium price inherent in our innovation grid.
Ian Cook: Both, both. In the North American environment, I think you saw fairly substantial improvement from the fourth quarter to the first quarter in terms of our pricing. The same in Latin America. So we went from basically negative 1 to flat quarter-on-quarter. And we expect that progress to continue. And we will be taking some of this price increases in parts of the world to offset that underlying commodity inflation. And on top of though it is in the price measure our innovation flow is more at the premium end which will drive value and margin.
Ian Cook: Well, a few things to say to all of that. Again, stepping back and taking the broader view, the issue we had to address and we're discussing often across last year coming into this year was the weakness in our developed world. And so, we are actually quite pleased with the progress we have made there particularly as the growth of our categories in those parts of the world is now moving back into a 2% range rather than the one or less that we were talking about before. So we think that's a very good, good progress. In the emerging markets, I challenge the notion of share weakening in fact as we try to demonstrate by going through some of our key markets. We are beginning to see sequential share progress in the key markets in those emerging countries. In a couple of cases, I mentioned in Latin America, we elected not to compete with promotional activity but those engineered it carried something like 11 gross margin. You can see volume and market share, we don't think it's economically rational to go chasing that kind of business. So you're making choices all of the time in those emerging markets. Emerging markets by the way where our market share is significantly advanced of our competitors. We've never ducked the fact that the local brands are having an effect in the emerging markets and we have said to some while that our response was going to be with naturals and naturals at a premium price because that was what was being effective in the marketplace. And we have now positioned our naturals offerings in those categories. I think the fundamental issue in the first quarter was the categories just slowed largely in Latin America because of an absence of pricing and you'll remember an awful lot of the near term growth in Latin America for all companies had been pricing driven. And in Asia, some destocking with the phenomenal growth of e-commerce particularly in China where by the way as John said, we are number one and building share and our e-commerce business was up some 67%. And behind all of that, when you do the rational work on, our people continuing to brush their teeth. The answer is yes and we continue to invest to bring new people into the category. So in terms of the category growth itself while it's slowed in the first quarter interestingly with the pick up in the developed markets our underlying category growth rate is about 2.5% and we expect those emerging markets to come back as pricing gets more rational. And meanwhile, we are sequentially building share and we are putting advertising behind it and we continue to have innovation behind it. We all wish these things moved in a straight line. But unfortunately, as I said on the last call they don't seem to. However, we don't think the model is broken and we think the same focus and activity and tools that we are deploying will be effective.
Ian Cook: Thanks Wendy. First, I would say North America obviously is cycling a weak first quarter of the product here where we suffered from destocking and the sharp slowdown of the category. So I would say we benefited from that underlying category growth rate in North America is about 2%. But there is certainly nothing in terms of an inventory build because of the activity. I would say it's year-on-year comparison and the strengthening growth rate in the categories. And as I said earlier with the investment we are putting behind the business and the innovation which we can judge, however, we want to judge it in the end, the consumer is the final arbiter and if the market share goes up its good innovation in my book. So that's really the story on North America, but nothing that says the underlying business performance would be disadvantaged over the balance of the year. Now on the advertising side, you have to think about these things holistically when the advertising as we have said before is not just about advertising the innovation, but it is advertising the basic benefits of a brand. Indeed it is sometimes advertising what we call brand purpose which is what a brand stands for. So we can run advertising that we call equity advertising that is very simple, very basic in the emerging markets talking to people having a future they can smile about on subjects like education, on subjects like water conservation on a basic anti-cavity benefit which may not sound glamorous and wildly different, but it's extremely emotionally persuasive and I think what we have come to which we believe is making our advertising more effective is that we've got this balance between the emotional connection with the consumer and the rational connection with the consumers. Certainly the quality of our advertising is increasing. And then, you look at the shift we have made to digital which gives you a lot more information in terms of how you address consumers and that is playing a role as well. And finally, I would say this year we will have completed a journey over three years which has seen us reduce the amount of money we spend in what we call non-working media by something like 15%, I'm sorry 25% to 30%. And of course that money then gets directed into what we call working media which is advertising consumers actually see. So in the same advertising to sales ratio, you have a shift of money away from non-working into working. So you get that additional benefit as well. But I think it's the type of advertising, it's the vehicles we're using for the advertising and that alongside the innovation. So it's not just throwing money, it is doing it in an intelligent way with a focus on making sure we have quality advertising vehicles with that money.
Ian Cook: Yes. Frankly, Steve which we did from CAGNY sea changes, actually the developed markets played out pretty much the way we would have expected. It was really in the emerging markets and it was this pricing activity which stepped up as the quarter unfolded and we had to take a position in terms of, would we respond or would we not respond? That took pricing out of the category, which led to the slowdown in the value growth rate of the category. So yes, it did unfold after CAGNY to our disappointment. Look in terms of flexibility on the year, we have the last year about global growth and efficiency program remaining and we have a very strong funding the growth program off to a very good start this year. Six new areas of fundamental development and funding the growth, which we are now tracking beyond the usual, and of course the pricing that I mentioned earlier. So we're working all of the internal angles to give us flexibility across the back half of the year, if our commodity forecasting does not pan out the way we expect it to, will obviously be close to how that unfolds as the year progresses. But we're pressing in all of the areas you would expect to give us the most flexibility we can get because as we said in the release, we are committed to increasing our advertising absolutely and as a percent of sales because of the quality of innovation we have and we believe the quality of advertising vehicles that we have across the portfolio.
Ian Cook: Well, let me take the second and then come down --come back to the first. On the Hill's strategy and model we have been very disciplined over the years as you know we have two businesses there, we have a wellness business for general use and we have a prescription business against specific conditions in pet. And we have limited our distribution to those outlets that have advisers for the consumers that allow them to make an intelligent choice. And of course, in the case of prescription respond to a script from a vet, interestingly e-commerce is a perfect channel for us because you can write anything you want and [patent as] [ph] we did all because they're absolutely fixated on the health of their pet. So given the scientific quality of the Hill's products, given the scientific benefits that has been demonstrated clinically and given the discipline we have in maintaining that connection with that we obviously are working very hard to take full advantage as we can of any opportunity in that landscape. One hates to predict that we will be doing our level best to do that. In terms of the market shares globally, yes the dollar share is down modestly actually the volume share on our business is effectively flat year-to-date year-on-year. And some of that pressure traces to Latin America. Because I mentioned that we had walked away from some promotional activity and what we are now seeing in the emerging markets I think we talked about it in fact that sequentially two places up in four of the five largest markets and toothbrushes up in all 5 from the fourth quarter. So again, we think the plans we're putting behind the business are making progress and we will keep driving that over the balance of the year.
Ian Cook: Yes. Let's start with your first which is -- with North America. There's nothing substantively different in terms of the mix of the business coming into this year. I think the two fundamental factors are, the year-on-year comparison where we had a weak third quarter last year because of the slow down of the categories and the attendant inventory destocking as retail. So you've got a rebound in category growth which started in the fourth quarter and is now at a reasonable 2% underlying growth rate. We've got good quality innovation as we plan to have every year and we are building market share because of that innovation and because of the expenditure behind quality advertising in the business. But it would be fair to say that the first quarter itself benefits from year-on-year comparisons, but looking forward there is nothing about the underlying strength of the business that concerns us for our planning point of view over the balance of the year. And then, in terms of local competitors in emerging markets this is a journey, we have said when we started talking about naturals some time back that these offerings were at a premium price points. We think we have shaped some very interesting bundles although we talk about naturals in kind of a generic sense actually the offerings we have vary across the world to reflect local market preferences. And we are seeing progress; it's not going to be overnight. And I think it would be fair to say in the broadest sense Bonnie in terms of M&A look at what we have done over the years with Tom's of Maine or even the elmex brand in Europe, which had a dominant position in the Germanic countries. Certainly, if there are quality assets Tom's and the Gaba would have been a local brand in that definition. The relationship we have with Darlie in Asia is another local brand in that regard. That would certainly not be of a strategy in -- that would certainly not be off strategy. And interestingly a little bit of an aside, the Elta business one of those two personal care companies that we've bought is building -- has built a very strong business in China as an e-commerce business. So in addition with them, we are learning some interesting skills in building direct to consumer businesses online in China with imported product. So not completely off the list of possibilities Bonnie.
Ian Cook: Yes. Yes. Again, our -- how would I say our understanding of the slowdown in the emerging markets is not that we see this as a permanent slowdown, but as I mentioned before in the developed world, we have now seen category growth rates move up into the 2% range historically they had been one and lower. So that's good news. In the emerging markets what we saw was mid-single digits move down to something in the 2.5% to 3% range. And then, of course you have the destocking that goes with that kind of slow down. And largely, that was in most markets pricing driven because of that promotional intensity that I mentioned. Now the underlying usage of consumers is the same. And interestingly, if you profile our categories around the world and our geographic mix, if those emerging markets were to stay at 3% let's say, and the developed world at 2%, if you look at our mix of the world, our underlying category growth rate would still be 2.5%, if as we expect those emerging markets come back because we will have the opportunity to price and given our strength and the category that will lift the value of the category then you could expect the underlying market growth rate will move north of 2.5%. Now from an investment point of view, when we think about advertising as I have mentioned before, we do it from the bottom up. And so we do it by geography, by activity, by product in our portfolio and that ends up in a ratio, we don't work the ratio down through the income statement. So our first quarter advertising was slightly off the highest of last year on a ratio basis happen to be higher than the average of last year. And you can imagine in our priority markets, it is higher still and we think and believe certainly from a share of boy's point of view and a consumer engagement point of view we have an adequacy certainly of investment in those market places we need to capitalize on e-commerce, which I think we're saying we are doing and we need to continue to build these naturals offerings around the world in the emerging markets. But I think it's more building what we have than the need for absolutely more dollar investment. The pleasing thing with much of this innovation in the emerging markets now is that -- it's at a premium level which gives you investment opportunity underneath that.
Ian Cook: That's it. Don't know where to start really. I think in business in general you have to put everything in context. You make the assertion that these are root problems with the company. We pay pretty close attention to the pressures others in our space and other spaces have in this operating environment. You challenged on the fourth quarter this notion of pricing being negative and the underlying question was with pricing negative. Would this put pressure on margins, and therefore, in addition to the share commentary the model could no longer be effective. So we have tried to explain that the pressure point was the developed world which is where everybody has been focused. We feel quite pleased with the progress over the 18 month period and we think those two businesses and the underlying category growth is favorable for us going forward. And then, we end up with this heightened activity in some emerging markets pressing price and leading to category slowdown. And you make some choices that in some cases we chose short term not to chase economically we thought unviable volume and you take a short-term share hit and you take a volume hit. Faced with the same set of circumstances, we would on balance make the same decision. And when we look at the shape of the structure of our business we see pricing now flat which is not common in our industry space. We thought the gross profit we would have liked to have done better if we had pricing. But we thought that was quite contained and we kept very competitive spending on the table running through the income statement. We never said that the spending was going to be up on a ratio basis starting January 1st. We said we were going to increase our spending and keep that money on the table to build the business. So when you break these things down, unfortunately, there is no simple single silver bullet that says problem solution you have to manage many moving parts. And as I have said before this is not moving in a straight line that the underlying consumer behavior is still there. The medium term growth potential we have with a growing middle class in the emerging markets is still there. We have an innovation profile to allow us to build market share in those categories while we now have strengthened our developed countries. So, while the first quarter was not what we expected, which it seems to me we were in reasonable company in that regard. We think the plans we had for the year allow us to deliver the progress that we have committed to for the year and the underlying consumer behaviors are still sound and solid. And we have brand strength to compete.
Ian Cook: Yes. Again, I think North America is largely influenced by the year-on-year comparison. Last year the categories were declining and retailers were destocking. And we saw in their organic growth decline mid-single digits. This year, the category -- the underlying category growth rates have moved up into the 2% range, healthy for developed world standards. We are building our market shares in six categories are flat in one more. And we have put advertising behind that to do that. And we have -- we said in the fourth quarter we had reacted to some pricing in category specific challenges and we've managed intelligently to we think handle that in a balanced way. So the underlying category growth rate in North America is around 2%. And as I said earlier, we don't expect anything to change that underlying strength of our now re-established North American business. Interestingly from an inventory point of view we continue to see retailers work down inventory but on our businesses for this quarter in a more measured way or a more modest way than we saw in the first quarter of last year when the categories were actually in decline. But the quest for efficiency is still very much there and we participate year-on-year with retailers in that regard.
Ian Cook: Well, very carefully, I guess is the first answer. We realize the world is changing, but we think we need to be disciplined in managing our company over time. In other words, we think this is an era for urgency, but not a panic. And so it's easy to throw out a lot of what I say make work to window dress the issues we're all dealing with. And we still very much believe in the fundamentals and in the fundamentals of these kind of businesses where people use your products every day, the benefits the product provides are important to their health and wellness not their everyday usage of products. So you need to build brands and you need to find ways of making a connection and you need to find ways of bringing the next generation of users into the business. Now that is being disrupted in no end of ways, how would you communicate, how would you sell, and so on. And we think -- we're doing quite a lot in all of those areas with a view to building our brands and building value while we do that. Now our risk tolerance in capital allocation is, I think quite balanced. I think we have demonstrated if you take the M&A space for example, I think quite a good track record of identifying good quality assets bringing them into the portfolio and building them over time and in building them building the overall company. We continue to be very focused in that area like much else in life, it does not move in a straight line and we do not choose to be cavalier and panicky in the allocation of our capital in that regard. That may not be a fashionable thing to say today, but we think in terms of the underlying health of the company, it's the right position to take. So urgency we get and we are changing and have been changing a lot of things with this restructuring program we started a few years back and we continue to change a lot of things, but we resist the temptation to panic and make work for effect rather than for the long-term health of the business. And we're always trying to balance the long-term with the short-term.
Ian Cook: I'm afraid Australia has been a case literally of as you know the two major retailers there control much of the marketplace. And there has been I would say a battle for shoppers between two of them. And we have from a joint business planning point of view trying to be accommodative but disciplined and we think we will finally cycle that by the end of the second quarter. I guess that's the simple way of saying that In terms of trends, all I can say is, the second quarter has started a better click for us and that I hope traces to category information which is as you know we see on a lagged basis and I can't offer any comment at this time.
Ian Cook: Yes. Good question, Jonathan. It's interesting in our Hill's business e-commerce is an important part of the business in the developed world, North America and Europe. In the traditional Colgate business, the growth of e-commerce has been relatively modest, I would say in the developed world so far even though we are deploying resource against it. But in China, it has been quite explosive as you have Alibaba and Tencent and frankly 80 other platforms in China to go after from an e-commerce point of view, I think I mentioned earlier our Asia e-commerce business which is largely China was up some 67%. We lead from a market share point of view e-commerce and indeed have made sequential progress month-on-month in terms of share increases this year. And I think interestingly two things to say in terms of skills. Number one, we believe we can and we are working very hard to do this build a very important part of our business in China with imported products. So marketplace direct to consumer like the Gaba products, elmex that we have just brought to China like a pallet toothbrush that we have brought to China. And like the Elta product, I was mentioning earlier where actually they have people they work with distributors in China that have very good capabilities. So the thrust of your question is the right one which is that we think there's lots to learn in China. It's an important part of where we are focused and we are thinking about it quite broadly beyond even the businesses we sell pure brick and mortar in China and we're doing it as a business building exercise, but of course it becomes a bit of a learning lab as well. And we can transfer those learnings and those skills to other parts of the world.
Ian Cook: Yes. Well, I would say the personal care business is in relatively good shape. We have strong brands. We talk about Sanex. We talk about Palmolive's. We have the Protex brand. And then in homecare, we have different brands in different categories. But our primary two categories are fabric softener and the dish liquid. Now when you look at the competitive activity in Latin America, oral care was one business, but then homecare was the other business because from a pure volume point of view, the purchase frequency of homecare products is higher than the purchase frequency of personal care products. If you're looking to drive volume from promotion that is a shorter term play. So we indeed did see a stepped up promotional activity on the homecare businesses. And again, we decide whether to play or not to play and if the margin is destructive and then frankly we don't. And we will rebuild the businesses with the innovation flow that we that we have. So that was a factor in Latin America.
Ian Cook: This is Ian. Thank you for joining the call. And we look forward to reconnecting with you after the second quarter. Thanks.
