Noel Wallace: Sure. Thanks, Peter. Overall, we're really, really happy with Latin America. You mentioned that, obviously, we saw significant headwinds from the Columbia disruption, which in many respects took almost a month of sales out of that specific country. And despite that, we obviously still delivered very strong top line growth. If you look at our two key markets, Mexico and Brazil, both delivering double-digit growth in the quarter. You've seen now Brazil deliver four consecutive quarters of double-digit growth. So obviously, the market seems to be returning despite the fact that we're definitely not out of the woods relative to COVID. But we think as vaccinations improve, particularly in those markets that will continue to help categories. Categories are up on the year, which is good. Despite the fact that we still see limited mobility, we still see some disruptions in particularly the down trade around how retail environments are behaving. But overall, the categories are up, which is good. We had strong innovation in the quarter. We got some good innovation on our core business Colgate Total, which John mentioned, which is driving good share growth. We resist a little bit of the transactional couponing and deep discount in some of those markets. Overall, we've lost a little bit of promotional share, but our baseline shares look good. And the innovation process plans we have in place for the back half are strong as well. Likewise on pricing, we've always been a strong driver of pricing in those markets. We continue to obviously see a lot of headwinds on commodity prices, particularly on tallow prices coming out of Brazil. And we're ramping up for obviously a strong back half relative to how we see pricing evolving, and obviously continuing to drive the volume in the quarter. So overall, I think we're pleased despite the fact that Columbia was a significant headwind to the quarter. Bear in mind, if you look at the overall of Latin America, that region continues to perform exceptionally well on balance, 10.3 -- 10.6 in the fourth quarter, 9.5 in the first, and 8.5 now. So again, I think despite the headwinds, good consistent growth.
Noel Wallace: Sure, Rob. Thank you. So let me start macro. Obviously, if you look at developing markets versus developed, developing have obviously moved pricing a little faster than the developed world. And when I say developed, I'm referring to Europe and the U.S. We've seen good pricing movements in Latin America, good pricing movements in Africa. And we've seen competition likewise in those regions follows. Similarly, in Asia, John mentioned in the upfront comments that we took some pricing obviously in the fourth -- first quarter. We were lapping promotions from the second quarter last year, although we have pricing planned quite aggressively in the back half across the Asia region. If you take the developed world, U.S has been a little slow in terms of the market. I think everyone is focusing on promotions and couponings to drive pricing. We haven't seen a lot of list price changes in North America yet and I would say that particularly holds true for Europe as well. Our strategy continues to be as we've outlined, very disciplined approach to revenue growth management. We're taking list pricing where we see the opportunity. We're optimizing our promotional spend, we're looking at price tag architecture, we're looking at all the levers within in revenue growth management to drive pricing overall. The other point is, as you've heard, we're very focused on premium innovation. We continue to under index as I've mentioned, and that's a real opportunity for us to drive overall gross margin percent and dollars, as we look at the back half of the year. So I think the headline is pricing, is going to have to come up in the back half. Everyone is faced with the same challenges. And we anticipate that as we move into the back half, we'll see a little bit better environment around developed markets and continue to focus on our revenue growth management discipline across the world to do that with.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Kamil, thanks for the question. We talked about, I think, throughout 2020 and perhaps touched on it a bit in the first quarter, the strength of our brands and the efficacy of our brands has certainly brought consumers back into the mainstream, so to speak. I mean, a lot of the local brands relative to the credibility they had in the market, which was questionable, we saw consumers returning to big brands and certainly trusted brands in the market. And that was very prevalent in market and categories, like Personal Care, like Home Care, like pet nutrition as well as Oral Care, quite frankly. And so that certainly has benefited us in terms of how we've seen the categories evolve. And I think that will continues particularly given the overarching issues around COVID around the world, consumers are still looking for big, trusted, efficacious brands. And we expect that to continue as we move through the balance of the year.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Obviously, the North America performance was below our expectations. We had a lot of factors driving that. Obviously, the impact of logistics challenges that we alluded to in the first quarter, we continue to have some case fill [ph] issues in the second quarter, which obviously had an impact on our promotional ability to put promotions in the market and obviously therefore share. We're working those behind us. And as we move into the back half, those will be ideally gone. So we expect some of that to come back. We've pushed a lot of the premiumization. That market has become highly competitive. We saw increased activity in promotion and couponing in the second quarter. We have adjusted our plans for the back half of the year and our guidance reflects those plans for North America. Likewise in the dish business, we saw similar promotional activity, we've adjusted our promotional plans for the back half. So by and large, we saw obviously some logistics challenge and competitive activity. Obviously some of the comparisons that we had last year dealing with elevated categories, obviously softening the dish liquid and the liquid hand soap category in the second quarter, but we anticipate as we move through the back half things will set down, and we have strong innovation and promotion plans to rebuild the North America shares.
Noel Wallace: Sure. So as John alluded to in his comments, we did see some weakness in the China business from our Hawley & Hazel partner that was specifically driven by -- that's a business that heavily driven down trade. We have very strong distribution in CDE cities and as we've seen e-commerce continue to grow, our distributor network has been cautious on managing inventories as we've seen the brick-and-mortar categories, fundamentally flat not growing so far in the first half of the year. As e-commerce will potentially continue to accelerate and those inventories get drawn down, we expect that will sort of through in the back half of the year. Importantly, I think we're seeing terrific growth on our e-commerce business, as we talked about over the last couple quarters. In fact, our Colgate franchise and our Darlie franchise were two of the three fastest growing brands in e-commerce retail environment in the quarter. And obviously up significantly versus where we were in the first quarter from a share standpoint, which is really nice to see. That's driven behind a lot of good premium innovation that we've had in the quarter, the miracle repair continues to do well. We've launched a series of premium Enzyme toothpaste as well. So that continues to perform well. And the advertising is there in the back half to continue to grow that business as we go out the year. So we're comfortable with where we are from an advertising standpoint. Obviously, the comps versus a quarter last year where we had drawn down a bit of our advertising, we saw a little bit of elevation in Asia in the second quarter, but good plans in the back half to continue to drive share.
Noel Wallace: Sure, Chris. Yes, overall, listen, Hill's had another fantastic quarter, 50% comping, obviously a really strong quarter last year where we did double-digit growth as well. So we're hitting on all cylinders on that business. Growth is across the world. We had all of our regions up with exception of Japan. Market share is up across the board typically and where we're gaining market share is mainly in the U.S., which is our largest market as you know. We saw a good share growth across most retail environments, both on the Base Business, the Science Diet business as well as the Prescription Diet business, that's behind a continued focus on the strategy, which is the core renovation, premium innovation, new channels, in this case continuing to grow online as well as farm and feed. And obviously continuing to see an increase in the Prescription Diet business, which has more and more pet owners return to their vets, we see the benefit of vet coming through as well. So across the board, very strong growth and we continue to obviously invest for growth in that business. And that continues to be the strategy moving into the back half of this year.
Noel Wallace: Thank you. Obviously, an extremely volatile quarter. But again, I think we're continuing to execute our strategy. As we've talked about, for the last couple years, some real opportunities ahead and some challenges that will face as we have in the past. And so I'd simply want to extend my thanks to all the Colgate people listening for their incredible resilience during these difficult times and look forward to a good back half of the company. Thank you.
