Noel Wallace: Yeah. Thanks Dara. If you go back, obviously, it depends on the geography. And what we've talked about consistently I think is the volatility that we're seeing all over the world and highly dependent on how countries have treated and dealt with COVID and the rate of incidents in those countries. Obviously if you start with Asia, the categories are coming back, although still not back to where we were pre-COVID due to some of the store closures that we continue to see across Asia, particularly China and Southeast Asia coming back in terms of a category development standpoint. And that's based on the fact that particularly in China, you see the COVID issues being put to rest and consumers returning to some level of normality. Thailand continues to be a challenge. You've heard I think consistently from others that that market highly dependent on tourism, so it's impacted that category. India, we won't talk a lot about India as we haven't announced yet, but suffice it to say that they had easy comps from last year from a category standpoint but you're starting to see those numbers come back quite nicely. Moving on to Latin America. Again surprisingly, we've seen a very resilient Latin America particularly our business there. In terms of where we see the categories playing out, toothpaste is starting to come back although it started off quite slowly but we've seen particularly in the recent readings, the category returning to growth, which is good. Africa continues I think to perform okay. I think Africa is a real uncertain environment right now relative to the rate of vaccinations in that geography. So that will have an impact. But if you take that holistically across emerging markets, I think the important area here is that, obviously, those markets were from a GDP standpoint severely impacted in 2020. As you see oil prices come back those tend to benefit emerging markets and that will play out in higher GDP, some inflation, obviously, allows us to continue to take pricing in those markets. And I think as you see the rate of vaccinations increase, those markets are likely to come back quite nicely particularly in the back half of this year. From a pricing standpoint, consistently across all emerging markets, we've been able to take strong pricing given the strength of our businesses and that really started back in 2020. And you've seen a competitive environment is, obviously, having to offset a lot of the raw material inflation that we've seen taking pricing, which has allowed the emerging markets to take a little bit more value in their categories. And clearly there from a per cap standpoint, we continue to be investing in our per capita programs particularly across Africa, parts of Asia and Latin America and that is consistent and I think that margin growth that we've had has allowed us to continue to invest in areas like per cap, which we think obviously bode well for the long-term.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Two things, I think the pricing environment in Europe historically has been extremely difficult, as we all know. That being said, if you go back to a lot of the strategies that we've been putting in place around revenue of management which is a discipline that we're really trying to embed across -- broadly across our commercial organizations, we're finding ways to get pricing into the P&L particularly through how we manage gross to net. Also in Europe is the strength of the elmex brand, obviously Meridol and elmex being strong premium brands with a strong brand loyalty allow us to take more aggressive pricing in those markets. And we've been disciplined to do that on a pretty sequential basis, across that continent. So that has obviously played nicely through the P&L. So I'd say, a combination of revenue growth management discipline really taking hold more work to do to be sure. And some of the strength of our toothpaste equities in that region which have allowed us to take more pricing. And to a certain extent, as we saw more lockdowns early on in the year, the promotional environment was probably a little bit more benign. But we've anticipated that will continue to accelerate as store traffic increases in the back half of the year.
Noel Wallace: Yeah, two aspects to talk to, there's obviously -- there's two implications on, how we think about pricing. There's the foreign exchange aspect, which obviously moves through transactionally into the margin line. And we tend to try to offset that. And there's obviously then commodity inflation that we see locally in the markets and we obviously look to gauge our price increases based on where the market is and what the consumer will bear. But if you take a step back for a minute, it's the strength of our brands, I think in emerging markets that have really allowed us to do more on the pricing line. You talked about Latin America. If you go back last year in Latin America, we took 9.5% pricing in the third quarter 9.5% pricing in the fourth quarter. And I think -- and even if you look at it across emerging markets, it was getting ahead of some of the pricing environment that we've incurred the raw material pricing environment we've seen this year. So as you build that pricing into your P&L that really sets us up for strong growth on the pricing side in 2021. We've continued to take pricing as we've seen an elevated pricing -- inflation environment around raw and packed. And that's allowed us obviously to deliver the gross margins in the quarter. So again, we continue to look at the marketplace. So as I mentioned earlier, our competitors are facing the same level of inflation that we are. And as a result, that environment versus just foreign exchange creates a healthier environment to take pricing particularly in emerging markets.
Noel Wallace: Yes. Thanks, Jason. I think, we would anticipate, as we’ve built into our guidance that costs will continue to remain inflated as we move through the year. And as we start to lap some of the increases that we saw later in the back half of last year, it will become a little bit more benign in that regard. A couple of things. Obviously, continuing to be highly disciplined about taking pricing and taking it quickly and that will continue to be the case. We've got to be courageous and bold in that regard. Obviously, we watch that carefully, based on what's happening in the local marketplace, but straight price increases will continue to be an important element, as we look at the back half of the year. The revenue growth management aspect we've referred to a couple of times that is an important discipline that we really need to embed across our organizations. And I think we've seen some fruits of that, at least, last year and coming into the first quarter this year. So that will continue to happen. The other important aspect to look at is, if you look at the mix of our business, last year we saw significant lifts from some of the lower-margin categories that were driven by COVID, so things like bar soap and liquid hand soap. As oral care begins to normalize and the category returns to historical trends, that will certainly help from a mix standpoint. Likewise, our professional health business, which obviously was significantly impacted by closures, although that business is starting to come back quite nicely, still not back to where it was from a store opening standpoint, as well as travel retail. And as that continues to unfold through the balance of the year, that will likewise help a bit. And obviously, as foreign exchange, we talked a little bit, not seeing the benefit we initially anticipated, but still somewhat of a benefit that will ultimately help through to the P&L. The other aspect, I'd say, Jason, is moving -- getting volume moving through the P&L in the back half. Obviously, taking pricing allows us to support the advertising and innovation, which is critically important. And we've always said, that's part of our strategy, make sure we get the margin to support the advertising and the investment and that will obviously bode well for the pricing that we see in the back half of -- excuse me, in the volume that we anticipate to improve in the back half of the year. 
Noel Wallace: Yes. Thanks, Chris. And clearly, really, really happy with the progress, because it really underscores and gives us confidence in our strategy, 7% organic on 2020 -- comping 2020 last year is terrific. So a couple of aspects that excite us relative to the category. One, you mentioned that the pet ownership is up. That's an annuity, quite frankly, for the category. As you see pet ownership increase, obviously, those pets need to be fed and that will ultimately play back in the dynamics of the category moving forward. Second is, the aspects associated with our business, low penetrated business for Hill's, low brand awareness business for Hill's. So that, again, underscores and underpins the strategy that we have, continue to increase investment, continue to drive core innovation and continue to drive premium innovation on the prescription diet, particularly as we see consumers returning into the vet space or returning to visit their vets. That will, obviously, bode well for the Prescription Diet business. But again tough comps moving forward to be sure, but the business has real momentum not only in the US, which continues to perform exceptionally well, but emerging markets likewise had a terrific quarter and a lot of head space there for us. But we're being very methodical and thoughtful on how we generate this growth. We're looking for long-term sustainable profitable growth building the brands and markets and doing that the right way. And we have the momentum to do that and the flexibility in the P&L. Obviously, we've seen some rising prices on agricultural commodities and we need to take some pricing as we did. But overall, the health of the business underscored by pet ownership, the low brand awareness and penetration that we have gives us confidence that we can continue to drive this business forward.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Sure. So obviously, we're concerned about India obviously, given what's going on with the case counts in the country. That being said, you've heard us talk time and time again for the last 15 months that, the health and safety of our employees remains number one. We have taken significant precautions across India to ensure that the health and safety of our employees is there. And with those efforts, we're pleased to say that, we continue to operate all of our plants in India with no disruption. Our most significant plant there, a good percentage of the employees have been vaccinated, which is terrific. And we're seeing obviously, the performance of that plant relative to not only India for the region, continue to deliver against expectations. That being said, we can't control, whatever the government decides to do in terms of further lockdowns. But at this stage, the plant is being run extremely well and the business across the region is benefiting from that capacity. Relative to professional skin obviously, a tough, tough year for professional skin, particularly given the channels that we're focused on whether it’d be spas, dermatologists or travel retail. But all those businesses are slowly coming back. And we saw good performance of the skin health business in the first quarter. In fact, that business was up double digit. We're seeing a return to offices and the foot traffic going back into the professional space, increasing month in and month out, obviously not back to where we were pre-COVID, but the trends are positive, particularly across North America. The one outlier is obviously still the travel retail business in China. While travel retail has moved internal to China, the real travel retail historically which was a good part of the business has not returned. And we expect to start to see that loosen up a bit in the back half. But again, we spent a lot of time in 2020, building capabilities and really learning the business, getting the innovation profile right, to set us up for good growth in 2021.
Noel Wallace: Sure. So, we kind of experienced a perfect storm in the US in the first quarter. Obviously, the category expectations that we had declined more than we anticipated faster and deeper quite frankly. On top of that, we obviously saw a significant increase in raw materials more than expected. Third and this was the biggest piece versus our expectations was logistics. Two issues there. Obviously, the capacity and cost of logistics broadly across the US have gone up quite significantly and that was exacerbated by a specific event that we had in a warehouse that we were opening up and had some transition issues associated with that that compounded our problems. So, with that those -- the warehouse issues are quickly moving behind us. Our service levels are quickly returning to where they were but it certainly had a short-term impact both from a sales standpoint a market share standpoint and importantly, from an operating margin standpoint. That being said, if I characterize a little bit about what's going on in the US, I mean the categories were quite concerning obviously moving through the March period where we saw significant declines more than we anticipated. But the silver lining here I think on North America is we've seen categories in the last two weeks come back nicely. In fact, particularly, around the toothpaste category, which is rebounding up double digits in the last two weeks, particularly as we see store traffic and foot traffic return to stores. We've got a good innovation pipeline planned and as you saw we've maintained our support which we think is extremely important to continue to obviously drive volume and share in the back half and we're laser-focused on logistics and raw material costs. Relative to pricing again revenue growth management we're not going to talk to our plans on price increases at this time, but it's a market where everyone is certainly looking at that aspect very, very closely. And I anticipate that you'll see more price increases across the sector given the headwinds that everyone has faced in this space. But again, we're focused on this. I think the team's got a good handle of what's going on get the service issue behind us which it is and we'll move forward. Q2 will continue to be a very difficult comp for the US. As you saw last year, we had significant growth in Q2 as well. And so that will be a difficult comp but it'll be dependent highly on where the categories end up as we move forward.
Noel Wallace: Yes. Thanks Steve. No, it has not distracted us from our strategy. Premiumization continues to be a very important element. We've talked a lot with you regarding our refocused orientation on innovation between H1, H2, and H3 very much focused on the aspects of H1 and H2, which are premium brands. And if you look at the growth of Oral Care in the first quarter, particularly, toothpaste a good percentage of that came from our premiumization strategy. I'll give you a good example. Good shares in Brazil holding shares despite a pretty competitive environment. Our premium business in Brazil alone was 27% of our business roughly I think in 2018. It's up to 30% of our business year-to-date and it's up 120 basis points versus last year. So, a good indication that the launch of the Colgate Tartar Control some of the natural extracts bundles, the launch of elmex in the market there, those are important initiatives to continue to close our index and we still have a ways to go to close the index that we've talked about. So premiumization will continue to play. And I don't think quite frankly, even though some of these markets will be under pressure economically, the fact that we have innovation across all of our price points and historically, we play very aggressively both in the opening as well as the mid-price, we think we have the ability to leverage our portfolio effectively as we see the economic circumstances change. But again premiumization will continue to be a focus.  You saw it in Asia, particularly where we're launching and leading with premium innovation in our online business in Asia. Our online business continues to grow. I think it was up over 200 basis points year-to-date. So again, supporting the fact that the premiumization strategy is working and will be agile relative to how we see the market evolve; and need be we will play more in the mid and opening should that be necessary.  I think what's importantly is we get more and more consumers back into stores, historically, that is where we have performed so well and our ability to generate more volume and pricing opportunities as consumers track back into the shopping environment bodes well. But that being said, I'll also say our e-commerce business continues to perform exceptionally well. That was a big growth driver for us and it's comping a difficult number last year. We continue to show strong growth and our shares are pretty consistently up across the board in the online environment. 
Noel Wallace: Actually, no. I mean our strategy continues to be very consistent with what we've articulated in the past, reinvesting in the business with the high ROIC that we have. We continue to see real opportunities to invest in capacity and cost-saving projects around the world and that is indeed exactly what we're doing. So that will continue to be our priority. Obviously, as M&A comes available we've been conservative in that regard. We'll be selective as we see some strategic gaps in our portfolio, we may look to bring those in.  But right now, we're very focused on what we have in the current portfolio. We think we've got significant opportunities still to expand and really build our skin health business out the way we want to. We've got the Hello acquisition coming in. And obviously, some of the challenges that the Natural segment experienced particularly in North America getting those behind us and moving forward with the expansion of that brand around the world. So we're focused on what we have.  And then obviously we'll continue to pay the dividend and we've increased share buybacks this year as we had outlined in our guidance coming out of 2020 when we were paying down the debt. So that comes back to historical numbers. So no real change there. We continue to be very flexible as we see opportunities and maintaining a strong balance sheet continues to be of paramount importance to us. 
Noel Wallace: Yes. We don't have a specific target in mind for advertising. There's so many inputs that go into thinking about how and where we spend money. We're being more strategic on where we spend our money. That is underscored by the innovation strategy that we've outlined relative -- particularly premiumization, which in our view requires the right level of advertising to seed it. And so as a result of that, there's not a specific number that we're looking at.  I think the most important aspect for us is continued sustainable profitable growth. And you've seen that now quite consistently over the previous couple of years. And that's the barometer we're holding ourselves to is to continue to drive that top line. We obviously now have the ability as we shift more and more money into digital to really assess the performance of that spend and that makes the economics and efficiency of our advertising that much better as we think about how we want to spend and where we want to spend. And so we -- as we see the opportunities unfold as we see the plethora of brands and innovation that we have to support we'll continue to put money in advertising as we're seeing a return on that investment. And I think you've seen that. It's all kind of obviously linked. We've got premium innovation driving gross margin That puts more dollar margin into the P&L and ultimately transfers into better advertising more advertising support more capabilities and more EPS. And so it's a balance across all of it. There's not one specific goal we're looking to achieve. And I think we're getting better at putting our advertising where we see the right returns and being selective both from a category and a geography standpoint on how we do that. Hill's is a great example of that. We've obviously deliberately and strategically put more money into that business and you've seen the payback on that quite clearly. 
Noel Wallace: Yes. Without getting into too much detail we've spent a significant amount of time looking at our 2025 strategic plan. And in that strategic plan I think what's very notable and different for us is making tough choices on where we're going to invest our money. And rather than being somewhat democratic in that process and as a result of that coming out of COVID we're going to continue to be laser-focused on executing against our strategy. And that involves us taking money and putting it where we think we're going to get the best return through the P&L on that. And it's building businesses and geographies that we believe will deliver long-term sustainable profitable growth. It's building businesses that have the right demographics and category opportunity in terms of growth potential for them. And obviously making sure that the mix of our spending and the mix of our innovation continues to be premiumized which requires investment. And you couple that with obviously the need to continue to support a lot of that organic stuff that we do on the market. We talked about per capita consumption programs as a result of our focus on education and doing things of that nature. So all these aspects are critically important to driving the investment strategy so to speak. So again it's just built on I think a well thought through strategic plan. It's anchored against making good choices of where we want to spend. And certainly as we see the categories unfold in the back half of the year, we'll continue to allocate accordingly based on where we see the best growth opportunity. 
Noel Wallace: Sure. Thanks Rob. On the corporate side, actually when you look at the SG&A line that was driven by logistics and advertising. So if you strip out just our corporate fixed costs, our corporate fixed costs pleasingly were actually down in that equation. So I think a lot of the productivity initiatives that we're focused on across the P&L and managing cost actually delivered a fixed cost reduction in the quarter, which was terrific to see. Moving on to specifically e-commerce, I mean, obviously the growth numbers are terrific across the board relative to our focus there. And as you look at market share increases we've seen those in North America. We've seen those in Hill's. We're seeing those in Asia quite nicely. We're seeing those in Latin America. In fact, I got some India numbers that look outstanding. So again, where we're focusing time, and effort, and certainly putting the investment there we're seeing a good return on that. I think that bodes well as we continue to see the growth of e-commerce. We exited the year at double digit on e-commerce and that number has accelerated in the first quarter. So I think the focus and strategies we have in place continue to be well received in the marketplace. I'll give you one data point. We're up 260 basis points versus the first quarter last year on a percent of sales on our e-commerce business. So, again, I think it's growing quite nicely, and importantly driving market share of new users into the franchise.
Noel Wallace: Okay. Well, thanks everyone. So that obviously concludes our call. And again, we're really pleased on how we started the year. And we've got a lot to do. We're excited about what's ahead of us, but there's no question a lot of volatility and challenges. But we've got an incredible culture at Colgate and our entire team of 3,000, 4,000 people are deeply focused on delivering strong results, while ensuring that we continue to adapt to a rapidly changing environment and wining the future. So I just want to thank everyone for their continued support on our business, and look forward to talking to everyone very soon. Thank you.
