Ian Cook: Okay, Bill. Well, let me try and give you a holistic view on commodity costs, the pressure they bring and how we are dealing with it. And I think frankly, the situation and the answer is probably more complex and broader than simple algorithms. Perhaps I could take this opportunity to do what we traditionally do on this call and that is to give you the roll forward of the prior year gross margin to this year's gross margin for the first quarter. So prior year gross profit was 59.2%. We have some minor other and pricing offsetting, but the crux of it is that the material price impact was 1.9 percentage points negative quarter-on-quarter and our Funding the Growth savings were 1.1% positive, and that's the 80 basis points difference. So what we saw in the first quarter is that our Funding the Growth was inadequate to offset the cost impact and pricing did not contribute. If you take a step back from our point of view, as we entered this year, we said we were redoubling our focus on Funding the Growth. And if you look back at 2010 and prior years, you will know that the way our Funding the Growth program builds, it tends to progressively improve quarter-on-quarter, which is to say that the first quarter is the lowest quarter in terms of our Funding the Growth savings. And with our focus this year, we very much expect a similar progression across the balance of the year. So we will get a better offset with Funding the Growth savings against the material prices as the year progresses. Secondly, on pricing, we took pricing in the first quarter broadly across categories and around the world, and we'll have more pricing as the year progresses. But with the lead lag on pricing, what we're going to see is that we will get some benefit in the second quarter, but the majority of the benefit from price will come in the second half of the year and that pricing will see our organic sales move from a mid-single digit to a high-single digit level. So we will be taking appropriate pricing in the circumstances so as not to prejudice volume, and it will not be at the levels we took in 2008 or 2009. And if you put that together, that is what gives us our view on holding gross margin this year at the first quarter level, essentially offsetting the dollar impact of the material costs. Now the other thing we said was that we were focusing on structural overhead changes that we could also bring to the income segment as the year unfolded, and we continue to very much focus on that. And we'll report as we have anything to report. So that's an additional area that we are focused on.
Ian Cook: Thanks, Wendy. That's very much factored in. As you know, when we go through this gross profit roll forward, we tend to focus on the quarter that we're in and not talk to the prices going forward. As we look at commodity costs as the year unfolds, I think the last time we spoke, we talked about an 8% to 10% increase. That range over the year is now between 11% and 13%. Therefore, the Funding the Growth savings and the pricing we think judiciously and appropriately being taken will offset that headwind over the balance of the year. Now from a promotional point of view, as we look around the world, frankly, we continue to see elevated levels of promotional activity, and we continue to meet that promotional activity where necessary. But we think the pricing we have in, we can take in the context of maintaining our volume momentum. And so therefore, whatever activity to generate trial for our new products that we have built in are already built into those assumptions. And as you know, Wendy, when one thinks about price and leveraging from a gross margin point of view, we focus, yes, on the pricing per se but also on the innovation and what premium pricing that can bring on our promotional activity and how we can make that more efficient with Colgate business planning on resizing in order to accrue a margin benefit. So there is the basic price and then the multiple marketing techniques that we have to advance gross margin.
Ian Cook: Okay, if we talk about the U.S., as you know, Doug, over half of that business is in the international markets and the growth attained there, North America and Europe, as we have discussed them before have slower category growth to begin with. And we have seen, as Bina commented, a slowdown in the growth of our categories even from the fourth quarter to the first quarter. So you see stepped up promotional activity in our categories. The big factor for us in North America is the timing of our innovation, which last year was very much first quarter oriented and this year is very much third quarter oriented. We have already received the benefit of the relaunch of Total that we did last year, which is helping consolidate our leadership market position on toothpaste. Bina mentioned the new Max variant, which is just going to market in the second quarter. And then I think you'll be quite excited by some of the innovation you see in the second half. If I turn to the other two businesses that you called out, actually, Irish Spring is a very strong and buoyant business. And the modest slowdown we have seen is in part related and planned for in the pricing action we took, given the sharp run-up in fats and oils, but we have extended that equity quite nicely into the body wash category and have grown a very good market share position there. On the underarm business, that is a challenging category. It is highly competitive with multiple key players. We have seen our Mennen shares under pressure in that business. We believe we have a stream of innovation now that is relevant. We have a stream of promotional activity that we view as strong, and we are looking to see that business stabilize as we work our way through 2011.
Ian Cook: It is just in-store promotional activity, price-related, seeking to attract consumers in markets that are not growing at historical levels. And I think there are several factors at play in the United States. Unemployment, even though the numbers are edging down, they are still high, and the underemployment rate is even higher, which has people economizing. You have the cost of gas where we see some quite substantial shifts in consumer shopping behaviors, both by types of stores and how frequently they purchase. And there is therefore a focus on price promotion to try and attract those consumers. Now hopefully as some of the macro factors will improve as this year and next year evolve I think ultimately from our side, which is what you will begin to see in the U.S., but meaningfully see as the second half opens is a stream of innovation that the consumer believes adds value and the value that they are prepared to pay for. And ultimately, it's that I think that is the challenge to brand marketers to win most from the consumer and move away from the price promotion, which we would very much like to do but we are not going to see our market shares disadvantaged. When you look around the world, we see similar levels of promotional activity in Europe. And as Bina said, in that context, we're particularly pleased with the progress we have made there. And in some of the emerging markets, as competitors perhaps take on strong established positions, we see significant promotional activity with more than half, in some cases, of businesses being sold on promotion and portfolios where it is the low price variance in the portfolios that are being pushed. But again, our approach in those emerging markets is to meet the activity we think we need to meet from a promotional point of view and to try and drive innovation so that we can grow categories and grow pricing, and therefore, margin. But I would say that the promotional landscape continues to be intense worldwide.
Ian Cook: Yes, I think if we had, had visibility to the commodity cost increases that we have all enjoyed over the past six months, we would have commented on that already. So I think it's fair to say, John, that while we continue looking into 2012 and beyond to look for ways of having offset the dollar impact, then we rebuild the ratio as we did over the 2008, 2009 period, that would continue to be our goal. I do not think that a 65 in that mid-2015 timeframe is clearly a reasonable goal in this environment, but we continue to expect to make progress having got the significant impact of 2011 behind us. And as I also have said a couple of times before, we are broadening our focus, not just on savings that we can accrue for the gross margin but also what we can do structurally with our overheads to reduce that as a factor and bring that into the income statement as well. So you'll continue to see progress, but 65 is unlikely to be realizable by the mid-2015s and you will see a broader focus on overhead. You might see, I would say, of the gross margin something more in the 63 range by that 2015 period.
Ian Cook: Yes. What I think -- let's start in the order you had them I guess, Mark. First, from an oil point of view, our estimate at this stage has about $100 for the balance of the year. Although we have modeled beyond that, in fact, up around the $110 level, and obviously we will manage pricing and Funding the Growth between that depending on what unfolds. So I guess the answer is, in the estimate, it's $100 million. We've modeled $110, and we would feel comfortable if that's where the year ends up. So I guess that would be one. Moving to Hill's. Obviously, Hill's and pricing have been a topic of much discussion over the last couple of years. And clearly having got that business back, we think on a sustainable growth footing with the rightsizing, with the right innovation, with the right pricing, we are very sensitive to committing the mistake we made a couple of years ago again. That said, the commodity cost pressures are strong from an agro [ph] point of view. We have pricing assumed in the third quarter, modest pricing. And pleasingly, we have, in terms of publicly available information this time, a confirmation that others in that business have already announced pricing. So unlike the last 3 times where Hill's was the follower in that regard -- Hill's was a leader in that regard, this time Hill's will be a follower in that regard. From a North American point of view, really what you're looking at is a pickup in top line growth over the back half of the year and sequentially, an improvement in gross margin. And the offset is the investment we intend, plan to put behind that business behind that second half innovation stream.
Ian Cook: There's always a great way to beat the one question rule. In terms of the buybacks, as you know, we can comfortably acquire the Sanex business. Any final determination will be when it actually closes, but we would say at this stage that our buyback intentions are basically unchanged. If we turn to North America and Asia/Africa, let me take it in reverse order. Asia/Africa was basically Russia. The Russian markets were slow to down in the first quarter, which we were not expecting, had not modeled. They have started to come back, and we see that business back on track for the balance of the year. It really is as simple as that. And without trivializing a topic that we are extremely focused on, which is our North American business, you kind of hit it on the head, which is, that it is the promotional activity and the fact that in general, people are getting less return in terms of consumption from the promotional activity in the marketplace, which is why we want to cycle out of that as we move into the second half of the year with a significant step up in innovation. And on Hill's, whether one thinks about it philosophically or operationally or any other way. First, we are not subsidizing the business. Secondly, actually when you look at the cost breakdown, it is not this time disproportionately driven by the Hill's business. And third, we're always assessing the long-term vitality of categories that we are in. Hill's is no exception, but the characteristics of that business are still very sound which is to say that in the main pet owners give their pets the same, if not more affection than they give their children, which leads to good growth as the demographics change which leads to an ability to absorb price so long as you don't take it too far and which has a good gross margin and has the underlying security of that professional recommendation, which as Bina said, along with our volume and share is on a bit of an uptick right now. So those fundamentals, we like, the turnaround is actually playing out a little bit quicker than we had planned. And we think Hill's can and will continue to earn its way to private place in the portfolio going forward.
Ian Cook: Well, let's do it in reverse order, Joe, just to mix it up. On Sanex, no, our view on M&A has not changed. We actually view the Sanex acquisition as fitting exactly what we look for in an acquisition in the sense that it is strategic, that it gives us strength in a business that is important to us and that it is a premium-priced product with a simple and consistent healthy skin positioning and the consumer strength that comes with that. And we were able to signal our intention to buy that business at the same time as we sell a lower gross margin, inherently lower growth detergent business. So to your point, it was the perfect combination of both sides of our strategic equation. And we will continue to think about acquisitions the same way we always have from which the Sanex acquisition came from. In terms of pricing, I think frankly, it would be competitively unhelpful and also take too long to try and take you through our pricing that we have taken by category, by geography. But suffice to say, we have taken pricing in all geographies across a broad array of categories. And we'll continue to do that as the year unfolds in a very planned full way, balancing always on the competitive environment, the innovation stream we have to support the pricing, the consumer's ability to absorb the pricing. So we are unafraid of taking the right analysis to take pricing on the right businesses at the right time. And on the promotional line, again, that varies by geography. I think it would be fair to say that our promotional activity would be higher in the developed markets. And frankly, if you look at the developed markets year-on-year, they are depending where you look, modestly higher than last year, and in some cases, lower than last year first quarter. But I would say about the same level, modestly higher certainly in the United States.
Ian Cook: Sure. I mean our view is unchanged, Chris. Our plan is still to increase advertising double digit. And we will see advertising go up both on an absolute and as a percentage to sales. Now in all things, one ends up with internal differences across divisions and across categories depending on how much you use the more efficient digital. And as I've said before, in some of those developed markets, the use of in-store techniques and vehicles, which sometimes hit the gross to net line, which is between the gross sales and the net line. So our advertising focus is behind gaining trial on our innovation. When we look at the advertising, we have behind the innovation, we have in our priority markets, it is exactly where we would want it to be. And the phasing on the year, as you say, is partly related to a year-on-year comp but more related to the timing of our activity, and we will see sequential increases in advertising ratio over the next couple of quarters.
Ian Cook: Well, let's start with your first question, which has to do with Latin America. I mean the Latin American story, frankly, is a very simple story. The volume this quarter, as Bina said, was up against the highest comp in the prior year. And the highest comp in the prior year, that 8% that Bina talked about was entirely related as it has been in the fourth quarter before to a step-up in activity consciously against the national rollout of the competitive toothpaste business. And that was predominantly related to -- exclusively related to Brazil. Going forward, we don't have that comparison. And as Bina said, we expect to see over the balance of the year, our volume in Latin America at a, we think, healthy 4% to 5% clip with again appropriate pricing on top, taking the organic to double digit. And obviously, in order to accomplish that, we have to get appropriate growth in Mexico and Brazil, and we are very confident that we can do that. I'm pleased to say this quarter has started off quite nicely in that regard. If you then talk to Greater Asia, again, somewhat consistent with the comment we made about gross profit. In total, we are expecting for the company this year that our gross margin will be basically around the first quarter level and that plays out in Asia the same way. Our expectation would be depending on what 2012 brings what we could, as we did in that 2008, 2009 period, start to make ratio progress again around the world, including Asia.
Ian Cook: Yes, well, as I said on the call -- as I said earlier on the call, as we look going forward, we see indeed our overheads improving, which is to say lowering as a percentage to sales as the year unfolds. You will remember in the fourth quarter, we talked about taking a restructuring that would benefit a couple of geographies, Hill's, North America and our European business, and we indeed have done that and that is going to drive that ratio down. And as I also mentioned earlier on the call, we continue to focus on other opportunities to change our structure organizationally only to do even better than that. But the difference is that sharper focus on the overhead component of SG&A.
Ian Cook: Okay, Lauren. Well, I guess if we want to take a step back, clearly, in the 2008, 2009 period, we took pricing at levels we had not seen in the prior 10 years for both of those years. When we think about pricing today, and what we have assumed in our plans, we're not talking about that level of pricing, and we're talking about perhaps a greater frequency of pricing. I mentioned that we have announced broadly in the first quarter and we have more pricing to come as the year unfolds. And we say volume in the 4 to 5 area and organic growth moving from the mid-single digits to the high single-digits as the year unfolds. So that kind of puts a boundary around the pricing that we are taking. And our view in terms of what we know about the consumer, the way we tend to take pricing, which is not just, you know you see the same package on the shelf and suddenly it's 3% higher, it gives us confidence we believe that at the levels we're talking about, we can execute them and not prejudice the year.
Ian Cook: No, I did not say that. What we're talking about here is what we did in the fourth quarter, which was that we -- I had identified some strategic improvements we could make to our organizational structure. We offset it against some one-time gains, and we will see the benefit, as I mentioned earlier, as we work our way through this year. So what we're talking about is working those efficiencies to the income statement as we work over the balance of 2011 and the kinds of things one is talking about I think we have talked before, about the shared service center in Warsaw, servicing 27 European countries, which changes not only how you organize to do it but actually changes the processes you use to get the work done, which brings further savings and efficiency. It's that kind of structural change that we are looking at for the balance of this year and into 2012. And you will remember, we set that after the -- our fourth quarter call and before because we wanted to have a broader view on where we could get savings from given the commodity pressure in 2011.
Ian Cook: Well, first, Javier, let me reaffirm, it is not my favorite type of question. So you are correct. I think the answer is that we don't comment on those kind of rumors, which as you know have been around for a long while and are often self-serving and not helpful. So the answer is, no comment on that type of rumor. But as to your remark about our Home Care business, the truth in life is that when you rank things something comes lost. And therefore, as a matter of strategy, our Home Care business has the characteristics that place it as number 4 in our strategic prioritization. That means, I guess, like a fourth child, we don't love it any less. And although those categories do tend to have more commodity characteristics than Personal or Pet or Oral Care, you can find your way through. The example Bina gave with fabric conditioners in Europe where innovation can raise price and raise market share. And some of these categories without being too grand eloquent, I mean the emotional characteristic of a fabric softener is perhaps warmer than a bleach-type product that you might use for other reasons. And of course, bleach was the last of the Home Care businesses we divested in Latin America and Canada those years ago. So we like the business. And we think we can bring the innovation necessary to compete in that business, and we have no intention of selling that business.
Ian Cook: Well, Lauren, very broad strategic question. When you talk about the emerging markets, which are over half of our sales, I'm not sure we need to think about bringing growth back. I think the challenge is how do you maximize the growth you could get, and that is a lot of factors. I mean first, you have to focus on those consumers looking into your categories because we know when they do, they don't give up those behaviors even when times get tough. Then you have to have your products available to those consumers who can often live in the rural parts of the country so that your brand is accessible to them in sizes and at a price point that they can afford when many of them are buying on a daily basis. You then have to educate consumers to want to buy into an oral hygiene practice, which is what we do with our Bright Smiles, Bright Futures program. As you move more up the middle-class, you put focus on dental professionals to educate them to the great oral hygiene you can get with higher value, higher-priced products and, of course, bring the advertising pressure, often times television at one end as the family still gathers to watch the evening news and maybe digital telephones with text messaging at the other end as you reach the villages that don't have electricity. Now when you come to the developed market, our brands are often well-established, well-known. In fact, a recent global brand survey made Colgate the second most loved brand on the planet. And there you still need advertising to connect. You very much want to use the professionals whether it's on your Pet Nutrition business or your Oral Care business to recommend, but you will have more of your engagement with consumers in digital vehicles and you will have more of your engagement with consumers on the shop floor in the larger retail outlets that those consumers shop. And then the way we allocate our funds is what does it take to get those jobs done in both of those geographies. But we think we understand the consumers in both worlds, and we think we know how to reach them with our products and distribution and engage them in a conversation about our brands.
Ian Cook: Yes, thanks, John. Congratulations on the 80 basis points, by the way. I think our current thinking now is that we would start to build as we enter 2012, but of course, that all has to do with where we finally see commodity costs evolving to. But I guess philosophically, and we took that view over the 2008, 2009 period, job one is to offset the dollar impact of the materials, job two is to continue making the progress on the gross margin ratio in order to make sure that you can grow both on the topline and the bottom-line.
Ian Cook: Okay, thanks, Andrew. Well, let's take I guess net sales. The progression I would say is pretty much the same as the way you laid it out, Andrew, which is that Oral Care is running in a mid- to high-singles. I'm now talking the first quarter, Personal running in the mid-singles and Home Care not far behind that and Pet Nutrition somewhere between Personal and Home and Oral Care. So no substantial acceleration. But our expectation is that those categories, the Oral, the Personal and the Pet Nutrition will be the ones leading the pack. And as we said, we see and we forecast that, that growth rate will start to pickup particularly in the second half of the year.
Ian Cook: I'll just take your second point. First, there is no material update on Sensitive Pro-Relief in the U.S. We continue to grow share internationally. We continue to build professional recommendation internationally. In fact, in some markets, we have a strong leadership position in terms of the dentist recommending Sensitive Pro-Relief for a sensitive condition over and above the leading brand previously. So continue to make very good progress outside the U.S. and no update on the U.S. Now the Dish, you're right. We had two main activities in the first quarter of this year. One was bringing the complete resizing and bottle change of the portfolio to the marketplace, which was completed at the end of the first quarter. And the second was introducing the first and only Dish liquid approved by the EPA to kill germs on dishes as opposed to on hands when you use the Dish liquid as a liquid hand soap, which we think is a strong claim in today's market. Clearly, because those two things have just happened pleasingly, our market share has grown in the first quarter from the fourth quarter of last year and obviously, with the new portfolio at shelf and the innovation, we're looking for that to continue as the year unfolds. So early days, some encouraging progress.
Ian Cook: I'll start with a strategic answer first. The answer is yes, we are thinking about it as a way of insulating the income statement to the volatility of commodity costs. That's why we began to set up our efforts in that area the second half of last year, and why we took the charge we took in the fourth quarter. And secondly, they're not all completed. They are working their way through the year. They are reflected in the reduction in the overhead ratio that I mentioned a little bit earlier and were all built into our budget. What I said earlier was that we continue to look for additional opportunities that we may choose to work through the income statement and take as the year unfolds. But the general principle is that it is a focus that we have taken over the past year and one which will continue given the environment that we are in. So I thank you for all of your questions. We look forward to reporting again as the second quarter draws to a close. And thanks to all the Colgate folk around the world who make it happen.
