Ian Cook: Okay, Dara. Let me -- before I get to the gross margin, let me put the gross margin position in sort of a broader context and underscore a couple of the points that Bina has already made. First, we are very pleased with the first quarter’s topline performance and we would reaffirm our target range of organic growth for the year at between 5% and 7%. We think that is going to be a very strong range, particularly as our categories remain range bound in Europe, growing at between 1% and 2% and similarly so in North America. And in our emerging markets, we see category growth rates slowing slightly from 6% to 8% range previously to now 5% to 7%. And the things we think will continue to drive that organic rate of growth are in innovation and of course the advertising, which was up absolutely and as a percent of sales this quarter and we expect it to be up absolutely and as a percentage to sales for the year. Now very importantly, of course, Dara, as you correctly point out, is the gross margin and what our expectations are for gross margin during the year. We are still comfortable with the gross margin expansion of between 75 and 125 basis points. But obviously given recent foreign exchange volatility, which we have to react to and our, we would say that our margin expansion will be at the lower end of that range more in a 70 to 100 basis points band. Our funding of the growth program remains strong and I think some were little bit questioning our ability to take pricing in Latin America in the fourth quarter. And I think you see in the first quarter what is the usual sequence in these events, which is there is a lead lag between the foreign exchange impact, particularly when it is, as precipitates as we saw in this first quarter and you will see pricing continue across the balance of the year. And all of that led us to reiterate our EPS guidance of 4% to 5% on a dollar basis for this year or double digit currency neutral. And I’m reading some of the earlier notes this morning. Let me just walk through that reiteration. I think most of you will remember that in our release at the end of January, when we announced our fourth quarter results, we expressed growth of EPS in line with the consensus of external analysts’ estimates at that time and then in February, February 18th to be price, we made our disclosure and announcement on Venezuela and indicated from that proposition that the Venezuela impact would be between $0.11 and $0.14 to EPS on the year with the first quarter at $0.03 to $0.04. And then of course today, we disclosed that the first quarter was $0.03 and we expect the rate going forward to be at the same $0.03 per quarter, $0.12 on the year, consistent with the prior range and at that 4% to 5% a dollar and double-digit currency neutral rate. To come to market share, a couple of comments on toothpaste. First of all, the shares that we talk about are dollar weighted, that’s the way we collect the data and aggregate it. And in Venezuela, we have an extremely elevated market share. We are still trying to find the three Venezuelans that don’t brush with our toothpaste. So given the currency moves in Venezuela, about a third of the share decline that you highlighted, the 1.3 points is simply mathematical to do without dollar weighting. The other two geographies of an operating nature are the U.S. and Mexico as we have said before, and we said that our innovation and some adjustments to our marketing program to meet the competitive promotional activity we saw in both of those markets would be taken and they have been taken. And I think in the U.S., some of you had already commented on the more recent consumption and share data that the toothpaste progress for Colgate is good. We continue to see that in the near-term weekly data and we expect that to continue going forward. Same actions have been taken in Mexico and we expect to saying forward progress to strengthen our share in the 80 range. And in addition, in Mexico, we have just this month introduced the superior anti-cavity toothpaste, which has been highlighted has done very well, everywhere we had launched it. Toothbrushes are affected by the same Venezuela calculation. Indeed, the modest 30 basis points decline you highlighted there is entirely driven by the Venezuela mathematical calculation. All of our divisions are either flat to up in market share with the exception of Africa, Eurasia where we are responding to in South Africa and Russia, specifically local market activity which we fully expect to be reversed over time. So no, we do not expect or plan for those share positions to continue as you laid them out.
Ian Cook: Yes. I would say if you look at the underpinning volume in Latin America for example, we view that as very healthy. When you talk about outsized inflation in Venezuela, remember that is true from a macro point of view, but bylaw in Venezuela, we are extremely restricted on availability to take pricing across most of our business. So I think we are very pleased with the progress. We view it to be real substantive and we see it continuing.
Ian Cook: Okay. Well, the answer is no, it’s not driven by competitors. As I said, when we posted just over 2% pricing in the fourth quarter, I think that question was raised that you now limited in terms of your ability to take pricing. And the answer is no, we are not. And I think the first quarter demonstrated that in quite a healthy way remembering we are not able in the first quarter given the move of some of the exchanges to take the pricing as quickly as the exchange takes the cost up for transaction reasons. And in Venezuela, you frankly have to take Venezuela out of the equation because for the majority of that business, we are unable bylaw to take pricing. But we have demonstrated in the past and I think with Venezuela to one side, as far as the rest of Latin America is concerned, we have demonstrated an ability to price, to offset the foreign exchange. Indeed, in the more recent term, the Brazilian exchange is turn a we bit positive, but our plan would be as it has been in the past to be able to offset the transaction impact to foreign exchange with the pricing and funding the growth.
Ian Cook: The answer is yes, the answer is yes. We will be able to take the pricing in those markets. One has to say exactly as you said Caroline that the precipitous make sure of the currency moves in some of those geographies. I come back to everyone’s estimation of the year, I'm not sure I saw anybody planning on the Crimea and the impact of Crimea on the Russian Ruble. So some of those moves were really quite precipitous but we have the capability to take pricing. We had done so in some geographies already and we have plans and indeed are right now taking pricing in some of those markets to address the headwind of transaction. So we continue to have pricing capability. There is just a natural lead lag in terms of how quickly you can practically respond particularly when the foreign exchange has moved so quickly. And I think in the world that we are in, our ability to plan for gross margin expansion are between 75 and 100 basis points a test to that capability.
Ian Cook: Yes, I guess Chris. We're talking about fine differences here. We wanted to indicate that indeed we have seen a little bit of a slowdown. Other comments I have read from others suggest sharper than we have seen certainly in our businesses. I think it traces to the macros finally. In these cases, there is nothing untoward that we have seen so far in terms of consumer behavior. And I think our 5 to 7 range fits very nicely even with that slowdown. So I don't think it puts any more pressure on our desire, need or ability to build market share.
Ian Cook: Okay. I can’t resist John. I thought you were one that was questioning whether we could deliver the gross margin expansion. Well, I think -- let me say so you can come back to me at the end. Let me start with the traditional roll forward just that we have that as a starting point and then I will try and answer your question from there. Obviously, it's flat, so the star point was the same 58.6 as it is this year. We picked up half a point from pricing. We picked up 1.4 from our funding the growth and a little bit of restructuring, material prices was a headwind of 2, a large part of that as we have already discussed was transaction. There was a modest 10 bps from other leading us to the 58.6. So I would say the three main buckets of progress for the year quite obviously are pricing where we expect to get more pricing and therefore more contribution to the gross profit, funding the growth along with a little bit from restructuring and you know that our funding the growth tends to build over the year. And that would be the second major aspect of building our gross margin. And by talking about 75 to 100, all I was trying to do was to frame coming off the high-end of the range, we are not suggesting a 75 increase in gross margin.
Ian Cook: Changing, of course, I guess who I am. But on your housekeeping question on net interest, the net interest expense we think we'll go up on the year. We'll probably be in the 35 to 40 range for the year largely due to changes in our capital structure as we have taken on some longer term debt at very attractive rates, planning ahead to world where rates are likely to increase. So yes but plan fully as part of readjusting our capital structure. Hill's is timing. Bina talked about some of the innovation on the Hill's business and the spending, we'll readjust. First quarter was strong last year because the timing of the innovation was earlier. So now we're very committed to our Hill's innovation flow which is very strong and frankly doing very well in market.
Ian Cook: Yeah, well thanks for the opportunity to separate LatAm growth from Venezuela. But I shall politely decline that. We don't break it out in that way. I would say that we think, if you think about where Venezuela was three, four years ago as you well know it is substantially smaller portion of our corporation than it was then. And the Latin American growth, we think is very, very strong overall. In terms of the second point Ali. Yes, you're right the 4% to 5% as we try to reemphasize at the beginning of the call has been where we have been. And there is nothing in that reiteration of guidance for the year that reflects anything other than foreign exchange and I would clarify and say that is the foreign exchange that analyst reacted to in January of the year with the Venezuela change which by the way I think makes our Venezuelan reporting more conservative than some who has stayed at the 630 rate. And the -- it remains double-digits in terms of the EPS growth in local currency terms and in fact for the year looking forward after Venezuela, we see the currency impact for the year at around 5% which was pretty much where we had it before hand. So there is no incremental currency it nearly reflects actions taken through February of this year. So it is entirely currency related. There is nothing else.
Ian Cook: Yes. The cash balance entirely timing, entirely timing. It’s related to when we took the debt. It will be washed out as we go through the year debt and cash will get back in balance. Net debt will end up in the same place. So nothing strategic, nearly timing. With Venezuela, it is as you say modestly, it was very modest, negative for Venezuela in the first quarter. And obviously, we are in very constructive dialog with the government of this time about the need for relaxation of the pricing laws and for some pricing in order to make business in Venezuela profitable again. And we are hopeful that those discussions will lead to a productive outcome and that outcome of course, which has been our usual model and the rest of Latin America allows one to offset the gross margin pressure and see that translate through on the bottom line. So those are the issues. You know, of course, that the first quarter was hit particularly by the historical one-time hit and that will come out across the balance of the year anyway. So we’ll be in a better position than we were in the first quarter but the step change would be driven by pricing.
Ian Cook: To answer the last part of the -- actually you don’t have to get the name right Bill, you just have to buy it.
Ian Cook: In terms o Europe it is too early. We can say that in countries like Brazil, Turkey, Australia as Bina said that it is added to share nicely. We are expanding in Mexico as we’ve said. You will see continued expansion across Europe and some of the other emerging markets, you could expect to cross the balance of the year. So we’ll be moving quite broadly with this product, the reaction seems so far quite positive.
Ian Cook: Well, let me react to both. I would say what we saw in the first quarter was indeed largely driven by foreign exchange, which is why we saw such a positive progress in Europe. I think training raw materials overall, we’re expecting for the year, raw and packing materials to increase by between 1% and 2% for the year. That’s raw and packing for the year. And as I have mentioned earlier, our ability to deliver the gross margin expansion that we are planning is going to be driven by pricing, which we have already to a certain extent and we’ll deliver going forward t5o offset that foreign exchange impact on raw and packing material.
Ian Cook: Thanks, Javier. No, there’s nothing particular about restructuring in terms of -- it's just timing, our full year, full program ranges remain the same, both at the cost and the benefit, and we don’t manhandle the restructuring to try and address foreign exchange issues. I think the point we made when we announced it was it would simply give us some agility and flexibility knowing that given the volatility of foreign exchanges, and therefore cost quarters might be a little bit lumpy. Indeed, I’m here which you are correct have here in the US. We had some quite meaningful planograms resets, which have been positive, which underpin the increase that Bina talked about a little bit earlier. And we continue to feel good about seeing our Hill’s business go forward mid -single digits organic as we have spoken before. And the reason selling the planogram reset is good, but we’ll get to the planogram reset is the quality of the innovation and trial generation that you can create for that innovation. And as we have said before, we think we have a very rich innovation pipeline now, which is moving to the market.
Ian Cook: Thanks, Jason. On mouthwash as you know, I talked about the toothpaste change in momentum. Obviously the toothbrush business share up over 41 is terrific. That of courses is the second largest category in oral care. Mouthwash, we are pleased where we are. Two things will continue to grow our business in mouthwash. Number one, innovation and the variants that come with that innovation which we have seen, we will continue to see. The second is interesting in the U.S. is always packaging sizes in terms of retail environments. And consumer purchasing habits, you will see more of that as the year unfolds. And most importantly, trial-generating devices, we know the repeat rate of the businesses is high. We know that it takes over two years to build your trial curve and we will continue to be putting money behind that. So we have a great product. We can add to the product and we’ll be focusing on building trial. In terms of Japan -- no, we don’t breakout at the country level. Suffice to say on Japan, I think it was Ali on the last call was questioning the trajectory of that business. We’ve had some folk in Japan only a couple of weeks ago. We’re going through a thorough review of that business and there is confidence I would express that notwithstanding the pull forward, that we have our Japanese business now for Hills on a solid footing and a positive underlying trajectory and we will see that in the coming quarters.
Ian Cook: Thanks, Nancy. Well, thanks all of you for your interest in the company and your questions. And thank you to the Colgate world for delivering the results that allow the questions.
