Ian M. Cook: Clearly, questions on Venezuela, given what we have already said, are entirely appropriate, and I will answer it in a moment. But I do want to underscore what Bina said when you think about our company in total. We delivered at the low end of our organic sales for the year, 6%. We delivered 8% dollar EPS growth year-on-year, absorbing a 6% headwind from foreign exchange, which means that we delivered our currency neutral earnings per share growth. And we expanded our gross margin at the low end of our expectations given Venezuela. And more importantly, we believe with strategic initiatives that we have been deploying for several years continue to be effective. We have a global growth and efficiency program now in place behind a very strong innovation stream to continue to grow our business going forward. But yes, indeed, in the fourth quarter, after our last call and based on the uncertainty between elections and inauguration, we did see a slowdown in our Venezuelan business, as you say, partly due to uncertainty at retail level and partly due to the slowdown in our factory. As Bina said, our global organic sales would have been up 150 basis points if it were not for that. Indeed, our emerging market sales would have been up some 300 points from the 6% you saw in the results. But I can tell you that after considerable dialogue and collaboration with our workforce, with support from local government ministries, we enter this year with our operations in Venezuela basically back to historical levels, and our top line progress has bounced back to the levels pre the event and consistent with our thinking about Venezuela for this year. Now as we discussed on the last call, when I said that a significant devaluation in Venezuela, along with price controls would weigh heavily on our results, we were quite straightforward in our release in saying that the double digit in dollar terms of guidance was absent a macroeconomic devaluation in Venezuela. And that continues to be our view. Now clearly, there are many different scenarios there, and in some ways, it's not just the management of the devaluation, which, as I have said before, would take just over $0.5 billion of monetary assets there and reduce them by whatever the devaluation level is. But the effect is potentially larger in terms of what does happen in pricing and what may happen in terms of social or other macroeconomic actions. And our view on that, as it was the last time, and we have many years in Latin America and other parts of the world experiencing these kinds of things, is that we would, as we were before, be very prompt and fulsome in becoming public in terms of how we would react to the devaluation and whatever comes with it, should that time come. Now while that is out there, you know well that in terms of the way our business is being managed in Venezuela, we have made the business much more simple. We are focusing on our SKUs. We are making cash decisions wisely. So we are managing responsibly, understanding that we are in businesses and geographies for the long term. So that would be, I think, a confidence in the overall company, I hope confidence in our ability to manage Venezuela, a statement that what we went through in the fourth quarter has corrected in January. And that we will deal with any macroeconomic event in Venezuela swiftly and advise people accordingly.
Ian M. Cook: Well, I think, Nik, we have been sort of generally clear that despite or regardless of what many people have been saying about the level of competitive activity, we have seen it and we continue to see it, and we continue to plan that it will be at the levels that we have seen for the last little while. And we, too, will see expansion of our gross margin. We see our material costs up about the same level as they were this year, which is around 1%. We still expect to see our gross margin expand next year within the 50 to 100 basis points level given our investment in the formulas at Hill's. And so that's what we think we will see in the ongoing operating costs from Venezuela. And we think we have -- from an advertising point of view, we're well-structured our plan. It is a plan that continues to confirm a 6% to 7% organic growth level. It continues to see the Hill's business with all of the terrific product activity behind it, turned volume positive, continues to see our advertising grow. And I would make a comment about advertising. As we have said for some time, many of us in going to school came out with a view that advertising was good and trade spending was bad. And I think we have been trying to say that in many ways, given the analytic tools available to us, the way one can execute at the retail level these days, a wise trade investment can be a terrific way of building a brand, engaging with a shopper at retail and getting them to that final purchasing decision on top of the traditional advertising and the social media and the other techniques that we use. So these things are all in a balance, and we build our plans accordingly. But essentially, the plan we have for 2013 assumes the continuation of competitive activity, adequately funds our innovation and we believe has the right balance between traditional advertising spending and that which we would execute and be able to measure the return on investment on -- at the retail level.
Ian M. Cook: Well, I think, Wendy, as we think about Hill's, frankly, we're quite excited. We think -- from an innovation point of view, we think we've got it right. We think we have been able to improve the relevance of our Ideal Balance product while not losing the strength of the Hill's scientific credentials. We think we've made a major upgrade in our Science Diet business for the U.S. We have packaging, we know works. We have advertising, we know works. We have clear selling communications for our consultants at retail to bring back consumers to the business, and we have invested in those consultants. And we have had very, very good collaboration with the PETCOs and the PetSmarts of this world in bringing these plans to the consumer. So by all means, it is an investment year for Hill's. And we are investing in advertising to convey the benefits of the products that will be coming to the marketplace, are coming to the marketplace now. And we believe we will see the volume of that business return into positive territory as we move across the year. And yes, we have made an investment in upgrading the formula in Hill's. Having said that, we are going to expand the gross margin of the company within our 50- to 100-basis-point range. And in the life of the plan that we have, we rebuild that gross margin investment on the Hill's business. So we're comfortable with where we are putting the investment funds, and we look forward to reporting the progress of the Hill's business across 2013.
Ian M. Cook: Okay, Joe. Well, let me draw a little bit of a whirlwind tour, and I'll come back to Brazil. Take the big high-growth markets that everybody talks to, China, our share is approaching 34%. The competitor is below 19%, down over 3 share points year-on-year. Russia, our share is over 32%, and the competitive share has now drifted below 15%, continuing a 4-year downward progression. Our share in Mexico, as Bina said, is about 82%. And the competitive share towards the end of the year is around 13%. And if we come now to Brazil to your point, our share is, as Bina said, the highest we have seen in 15 years. And the competitive share for the year is about 6%, and change in the fourth quarter based on Nielsen data is around 7%. We have seen category growth in Brazil. We have seen our market share growth in Brazil. And the growth rate in Brazil is pretty much at the same as it has been in all of our emerging markets, which is high single digits, low double digits. We have said many times that we believe the basis for growth in categories is innovation. And in Brazil, as you may know from our various comments on the subject, whether it was Sensitive Pro-Relief, whether it was Luminous and the other innovations we have planned, we are constantly looking to engage with the consumer through innovation rather than just price promotion. And we see that and plan for that continuing in Brazil and the other emerging markets around the world in 2013.
Ian M. Cook: Yes. Well, let me talk about it holistically. I think from the trade spending point of view, I guess what it comes down to is the programming. I mean, if you looked at our advertising in the fourth quarter on a ratio basis, it was at the level -- it was down about 10 basis points as we said in the release. But overall, our commercial investment was up a multiple of that. And when we think about trade promotion, there are 2 aspects to it. One is pure price and the other is consumer spend, which can include price but it can include activity at the retail level. And think these days about anyone's shopping experience, particularly in the developed world, one gets messaging from the traditional media, engagement from social media and other "word of mouth type" messaging. And then what one encounters at retail, which is substantially different today than it was even 5 years ago. And we have talked from our side about Colgate business planning, about better understanding of pricing as a competence in our company and the use of analytics. And these things all tied together when you come to retail. We were able today to construct programs that may be built around price but are much broader than that at the retail level and are, as we call them, integrated communications that go from a television ad to the activity that consumers see at retail or the coupons that they might receive directly or indirectly. You can do good analytics on it. It's very targeted. And you can collaborate with retailers against it, and you can track to make sure that it is not damaging brand health but rather an additional component that is strengthening brand health. So that's how we think about it, and that's really how we deploy our numbers. We don't tend to think of it from a leverage point of view. We tend to build even our traditional advertising plans and the promotional plans, which go to retail from the ground up against the programming we have rather than a leverageable ratio going forward. Now as to your question on interest expense, this actually has been a very conscious and focal area for us this year and will continue into 2013. Obviously, as you have seen from our releases, we have taken advantage of a low interest rate environment here in the U.S. to structure debt at very low coupon levels, as you know and have also, which has been part of our capital structure planning, located some of that cash in overseas markets where we see deployment opportunities. And with that cash there, the investment returns we are getting are quite elevated. And so as we plan forward, and again, this was planned for 2013, we're looking at net interest expense being basically flat, with expense and income offsetting one another. So net income basically flat for 2013. Now in the fourth quarter of this year, obviously, we got a pickup, as you say, but of course, that was fully offset by the increase in tax rate from the fourth quarter of last year. So we view those as offsetting items.
Ian M. Cook: Well, yes, I guess I would mind, I guess, is the straightforward answer. And the -- looking forward -- I thought I had said it earlier, but if I didn't, then let me say now that indeed, we do reaffirm our 6% to 7% organic growth for 2013. And the reasons are innovation stream, the return of our Hill's business to volume growth and what we believe is an executional focus that we have in all parts of the world but particularly in the emerging markets to make sure our distribution and our in-store visibility and activity truly engages the consumer. And remember, the Venezuela impact in the fourth quarter was a very unusual impact.
Ian M. Cook: If I take the second question first, if you think about our innovation in total, I think the contribution to the top line from innovation in total will be around the same level as it was in 2013. Quite how it profile across the year, I must say, I don't have. And from a Venezuela point of view, it is -- and that will be around 7% to 8%, by the way, Bill. And from a Venezuela point of view, the first quarter, as I said, is back to historical levels, but I wouldn't think there would be a rebuild of any significance from a modeling point of view.
Ian M. Cook: Okay, Javier. Well, let me take your 1 question in the 2 parts it was asked, starting with Europe. At first, we were pleased with the organic growth we got in Europe, albeit volume-driven in the fourth quarter. Secondly, the -- a pricing negative relates to the European environment and has been that way for the same years you quoted. It is not especially oriented towards our home care business. You may recall that when we talked about our global growth and efficiency program, we very specifically said that we were in a world where growth rates in our categories was going to be driven by the emerging markets in those high single digits, low double digits ranges. And that the category growth rates in the developed world would be low single digits, and in Europe, definitely low single digits. And that therefore, that we wanted to go forward and lower the structural costs in our company that would increase our speed and efficiency and strengthen us for the longer term with these concepts, both hubs, Colgate business, service centers and, of course, more facility rationalization. And you will remember that one of the first announcements we had relative to that program was indeed relative to Europe. So I think we've been attentive to the world that we are living in. We like our businesses. We don't think we have a business problem, and we are trying to create structures that will make us strong, not just today, but for the medium term. Now relative to Brazil and 50% volume numbers, I seem to recall over the last 3 to 4 years, there have been quite a few plus 30, plus 22 types of volume numbers quoted. And our reaction would be you can see the market shares. We see the competitive activity in the country, and I think we have demonstrated, over the last several years, an ability to meet that competitive activity. We have said that over that period, a lot of it was price promotion-related. The latest entry now gives competition to the Luminous offering that we had in the marketplace already at pretty strong share levels, and you will continue to see our innovation at play in Brazil and other countries as we work our way through 2013.
Ian M. Cook: Yes, I think, Jason, as we think about pricing, again, take the more strategic perspective. We called out back-to-school 2 areas that we were going to, over time, build competence in. One was pricing and the other was analytics. And to a certain extent, they go hand-in-hand. And we have definitely been focused on that and trying to find the right balance between pricing and volume. So this year, as you say, it's been about half and half price and volume in terms of that 6% organic growth. Next year, we are looking at pricing that's going to be in the 1.5% to 2.5% range, reflecting our capability in that area. About 1/3 of that is going to be rollover pricing from 2012. The balance will then be a volume and, again, back to the reasons for the confidence in the volume, the turnaround of Hill's from a negative volume to a positive volume business and the growth we have in the emerging market and the innovation stream that we have behind our businesses. So this is built up from the ground up, and we feel reasonably comfortable with where the plan sits.
Ian M. Cook: Yes, well, the -- I think we spelled out the savings we were expecting this year and the onetime charges we were expecting this year, so savings in the $30 million to $40 million after-tax range and onetime charges for this year in the $185 million to $220 million, this year being 2013. So that's what we are looking at. Now the buckets, I think of the buckets that we frame the program with when we started. They will be this notion of "hubbing" or they are operating units around the world so that smaller operations can benefit from greater capability in the hub center, the Colgate business services center that we have talked about for quite some time out of Warsaw in terms of the operating efficiency and related savings that you get with that and the rationalization of our facilities, largely manufacturing, which you started to hear about in Europe a little bit earlier. And in terms of the timing of the savings for 2013, as Bina said, as you would expect, it will come more normatively towards the back half of the year. And so by deduction, you can see that the majority of the savings will come in the out years, and we will talk about progress on those out years as they become concrete.
Ian M. Cook: Yes, well, again, this year, we delivered around 6% organic growth. And next year, we're talking about the same 6% to 7% range that we had for this year. And as I mentioned earlier, we expect innovation to deliver about 7% to 8% of the sales in 2013. We think the pipeline is strong. Unfortunately, for the question you're asking, some of the products that are coming to market have not yet been announced, and it would be remiss of me to provide competitive advantage. But we have a very good, we believe, process in place from an innovation point of view. We have talked about it many times. We have external linkages. We have innovation centers around the world. We have long-term innovation groups. We have a strategic group that needs to try and accelerate capital investments and other investments that might be required to accelerate an innovation. And we have even done some of these rapid innovation models as we have talked before in some of our emerging markets to identify innovations that are directly for those categories. So we think we have a process in place that will give us an innovation stream as productive as 2012. And remember, in that organic growth for 2013, the innovation that is now coming to market from Hill's is going to, we believe, turn that business positive from a volume point of view. And, of course, that's an important factor not to forget either.
Ian M. Cook: We don't comment going forward, Alice, on operating margins. Clearly, given what we said on the gross margin, the operating margin in Latin America would have been higher in the fourth quarter of 2012, had it not been for Venezuela. So that is indeed true. And, again, for 2013, we have said that we plan for our gross margin to increase by 50 to 100 basis points, and we have reaffirmed the top line at 6% to 7% organic and the bottom line at 10% on a dollar basis, x a significant deval or macroeconomic event. So that's where we are on the margin. We were very pleased with the pricing we've been able to get relative to margin. And, obviously, in the U.S., you have the comparison between the fourth quarter of 2011 when we were investing at very elevated levels to introduce Optic White from where we are this year, with that innovation still driving share growth in the U.S., I would add.
Ian M. Cook: I thought you'd never ask. So if you take the fourth quarter, we have the prior year gross profit at 57.7%. Pricing added 0.9 point. Our Funding the gross savings came in strongly at plus 2.8 points, 280 basis points higher than prior year, although 2012 followed the same profile as last year. And material prices were a negative 2.9 percentage points, and the majority of that was the operating costs in Venezuela, as we have said earlier. So with no other changes, then that roll forward therefore gets you to the 58.6% in the fourth quarter.
Ian M. Cook: Yes. Let me take your second point first. The operating margin, as I said, in North America was a reflection of the fact that in the fourth quarter of 2011, we had very elevated investment behind the launch of Optic White, and of course, we didn't cycle that this year. I wouldn't project out at the fourth quarter level in North America going forward. Now relative to your second question, I think we said, Connie, that Venezuela represents about 5% of our sales, and that is what we provide.
Ian M. Cook: I guess there was incredible uncertainty after the election and in the lead-up to the inauguration. But I would say the biggest factor was the labor slowdown in our facilities, and that was something that took us time in conjunction with our local management, in conjunction with our workforce and with support, as I said, from government -- appropriate government ministries. And we have resolved the labor slowdown that we had basically in the November, December months. And in January, as I said a little bit earlier, our factory in Venezuela, where we make about 85% of what we sell, is back up running at normal historical levels. And, of course, the sales have bounced back meaningfully from the November, December levels of last year as we have product to supply the market. So it really was that, and the correction is as I laid out. And I think if you read some of the general press, as we have tried to say in our release, I don't think that was -- at that particular period, was a situation unique to Colgate, but that really was the issue.
Ian M. Cook: If you're trying to get at the top line, where is the incremental spend going to drive the 6% to 7% top line, well, it's going into commercial spending, which is to say spending we do directly with retailers. It's going into traditional advertising. It's going into innovation. It's going into overhead of SG&A because we will, in some locations, be strengthening our on-the-ground capability. So it really is geography- and project-specific. Yes. And so that's where it's going, but remember that the restructuring savings in 2013 are in that $30 million to $40 million after-tax. So it's a relatively modest number compared to what has yet to come.
Ian M. Cook: Well, thanks for your questions. Thanks for joining us, always a pleasure. And a particular big thank you to the Colgate folks who may be listening or read the transcript who actually make all this happen. And particularly, thanks to our folks in Venezuela. Thank you.
