Noel Wallace: Yes. Thanks, Darren. So, obviously, as we were coming out of the first quarter, we talked about the significant headwinds we were facing around foreign exchange particularly in some of the emerging markets and as you’ve seen consistently over the years, our teams on the ground look to recover the transactional impact of those foreign exchange very, very quickly and get that pricing into the P&L.  You saw it obviously manifest itself through the pricing across the company largely driven by emerging markets, where we saw most of the foreign exchange headwinds. So, really pleased with the fact that teams got ahead of this in the quarter and the strength.  So that we now have the ability to use that pricing that we have in the P&L to obviously continue to drive gross margins moving forward, but it’s necessary to invest in the business in the back half and that gives us maximum flexibility which is what we were looking for going into the third quarter.  There was some pullback in promotions in the quarter. Obviously, we were very disciplined whereas foot traffic was down in certain REs around the world [Technical Difficulty] lockdowns in some markets. We naturally pulled back with a discipline to ensure that we can move that money into the back half of the year of those promotional slots to elevate the volume that we are looking for in the back half.  So, we believe it’s sustainable. We obviously took the pricing early. That gives us the most – the best ability to control that moving forward and we intend to obviously, as I said, spend in the back half. But we are comfortable with where we are in terms of our ability to manage some of the foreign exchange positivity that we have seen. 
Noel Wallace: Sure. Well, we obviously saw significant transaction moving through and despite that, we were able to recover that with strong pricing in the quarter. And again, we saw elevated foreign exchange headwinds coming out of the first quarter and very much elevated as we went into April and that allowed us to take the pricing early in the quarter and get the full benefit of the pricing as we went through the quarter.  Likewise, our funding to growth and productivity efforts have been very, very strong. I think certainly as we step back and manage the complexities associated with the disruptions we’ve seen on the supply chain, some of the portfolio changes we’ve made, obviously the leverage that we are seeing coming through the P&L, all of that has assisted us to drive more efficiency through our plans and get that delivered on the gross margin line.  So, overall, we felt very good about where the gross profit was. Obviously the pricing early in the quarter helped and the funding to growth that came through the balance of the quarter likewise helped. But again, as I mentioned, there are, Wendy, we obviously we are very selective in where we were spending money at the promotional line in the quarter.  We did pull back in some areas as we didn’t see the ROI there that would have expected given the foot traffic down – it was down. As we see foot traffic come back in the back half of the year, we have full intentions to ensure that we are competitive and we continue to drive volume in the year to go. 
Noel Wallace: Sure. In general, obviously, as I had in my upfront comment, the supply chain has performed extremely well. The demand in some of our categories has been significant at levels that we’ve never seen before. That forced our teams very early on to look at how we simplify and optimize our portfolios in order to drive throughput in our factories.  I think that’s been well received by our trade partners in order to ensure that we improve – we improve our case bill numbers with them. That being said, we still have some categories where we are not meeting demand. Liquid hand soap would be one of those. The demand is in excess of our capacity. We brought on capacity through contractors.  Obviously, we saw some of the impact of that in the U.S. at the margin line, but that’s allowed us to deliver against the service levels that our retail partners are expecting. We are in the midst of obviously looking at how we put more capital into certain of our facilities, because we see some of these categories will have elevated demand.  We’ve done some very innovative things relative to our packaging that has allowed us to use other lines for specific categories that were not used before that will allow different types of packaging to move through the category that also elevated our demand right now.  So, on a top-line basis we are meeting pretty much all of our demand except couple categories, liquid hand soap would be one, dish soap will be another where we are still trying to catch up and we anticipate that we will see that come to fruition in the back half of this year as we bring on more capacity and deal more efficiently with some of our contractors. 
Noel Wallace: Sure. Thanks, Olivia. So, broad based categories are in aggregate are up versus the year ago. Obviously, to provide a significant demand of some of the health and hygiene products in the categories in which we compete. We’ve seen real gyrations in the categories, so to speak, as we’ve gone through the years. Some categories we saw the pantry loading in the first quarter.  Things like oral care where we saw significant spikes that have come out in the second quarter and we anticipate will continue to come out in the back half of the year. But overall, if we take it on a year-to-date basis, most of the categories continued to be obviously up. We’ve seen elevated demand in the categories that we highlight, the liquid hand soap, bar soap, cleaners and dish.  And we anticipate that most of that demand will continue quite frankly as behaviors change and people work from home which obviously aids in the consumption of our products, we’ll continue to see that through the back half of the year. Relative to specifically oral care across the board, we’ve seen good numbers on oral care in an aggregate basis, again, largely driven by the first quarter, slowed in the second quarter, particularly driven by LATAM.  And some of the pricing that we took, but we see that starting to improve as we went through the quarter and anticipate with the activity that we are bringing to the market particularly in tooth paste in the back half that we will continue to see good demand.  Relative to LATAM specifically, we’ve gone through many, many recessions in LATAM. Our teams are very well prepared for this. Some of the models we viewed that get upfront with pricing which we’ve done in the quarter. That gives us the maximum flexibility as we move in through a tougher environment. We have, as you know, a very competitive portfolio of products where we innovate across price points.  Particularly, in LATAM if you take – if you break our toothpaste business down between premium, mid-price and value, we do 50% of our business in mid-price and 25% in value and as we talk, we have real opportunities in the premium and particularly the super premium side, but as consumers move into a recession, we are very well positioned for that environment given the view of our portfolio.  So, and as we mentioned, inherent to our strategy is continuing to innovate behind our big core businesses. And we have some big core innovations coming in the next 12 months. So we think we are well prepared to handle the recession and we’ll see how deep it is.  Obviously, the circumstances that we are dealing with around the spread of the virus, particularly in LATAM is concerning and gives us pause, relative to being cautious as we see the categories evolve over the next six to twelve months. So we will watch that very carefully. But we are prepared to deal with it as it comes. 
Noel Wallace: Right. I am not sure I understood the first, Jason. I think it was around the volume comment, pricing comment for LATAM. Let me just talk in broad strokes, LATAM for the quarter and hopefully I’ll address most of your questions. By and large, a really good quarter for LATAM despite the fact that they faced significant issues and disruptions and when I say disruptions, you had a large part of the mom and pop trade in certain countries to completely shutdown big department stores, traffic was shutdown.  And so, as a result of that, you saw the shopping occasions decline in the quarter and despite that the team delivered across the board, shares were good across our categories in which we compete. As I mentioned earlier, they got the pricing. The pricing was significant in the quarter and there is no question when you take that level of the pricing and you couple that with the disruptions you are seeing in the marketplace relative to retail environment being closed.  You are going to see some volume falloff and that’s exactly what happened. And as we moved through the quarter, we started to see a bit more traffic coming back into the stores and we anticipate that we’ll start to continue to see that in the back half of the year. That being said, you read the same press that we read that obviously the virus – the rates of infection continue to accelerate, particularly in big markets like Brazil.  So we need to be very mindful on the implications and the decisions governments may take to continue to contain that moving forward and that usually involves mobility and availability of people to get back into stores. So, overall, LATAM shares good.  Volume little soft, but understandably given the issues that we saw around mobility and stores and likewise strong pricing that we took, but we will see strong investment in LATAM in the back half of the year, both on the advertising line to support a good innovation grid. And likewise, discipline on the promotion line to ensure that we are getting the right return on investment there. 
Noel Wallace: Sure. Again, let’s come back to the strategy that we’ve been deploying focusing on core innovation, that’s big part of our portfolio and as we focus on core innovation, we take pricing. That’s obviously you see that translating through the P&L. We have been quite disciplined in getting out ahead of foreign exchange particularly in some big markets that obviously delivered in the quarter through the gross margin expansion that we’ve seen.  The channel expansion that we’ve seen has been significant. I mean, we’ve had significant growth both on ecommerce and some of the untracked channels that we don’t talk a lot about, clubs and discounters.  And that again is consistent with the strategy that we’ve been deploying for the last 18 months. And quite frankly, the whole challenge behind COVID-19 has been a catalyst for executing our strategy and we talk about adjacencies being the third vertical for us and we’ve been aggressive in getting adjacencies into the market very quickly throughout the crisis and it’s all behavior change.  We put more antibacterial products in the market. We put more health-oriented and hygiene-oriented products into the market. And again, I think that level of agility that we’ve demonstrated all of that is between core adjacencies and channels helped obviously prop up the organic growth and get more consistent balanced growth, volume and pricing, as well as delivering the gross margin which allows to invest in the categories.  That being said, we do anticipate the back half to be competitive, I think as more and more markets slowly open up and again, I say that with the caveat that things can change very quickly there, but as they open up, I anticipate that we’ll see more investments going back in stores and hence the reason why we wanted to get out in front of that with pricing in the quarter.  And as John mentioned in his upfront comments, we have increased advertising in the back half to deal with that and to continue to build momentum. So that’s how we are looking at things. But it’s challenging to be sure.  The uncertainty that we see coming out of some of the large markets, the volatility that we see in categories, and the immediacy that governments are taking sometimes to contain the virus has implications and we have to deal with those. So we remain cautious, as well relative to how we see things unfolding. 
Noel Wallace: Sure. Thanks, Lauren. Couple areas. Obviously, we’ve been talking productivity beyond just the success we’ve had with funding to growth over the years and as an organization, quarterly we’ve really opened all line items now to think about productivity very differently. And so, beyond just the typical cost structure of our products which we do extremely well, we are now interrogating all areas of the business.  And quite frankly, as we have come into the crisis, it opened our eyes to opportunities that we can go after and inefficiencies that we have throughout the income statement. So, let me talk about a couple of those. Now obvious ones you would expect obviously our travel budgets with operating 200 countries around the world were significant.  And the digital transformation that we’ve been under and in connecting everyone digitally and our ability to day one moved to a virtual workforce have allowed us to obviously save, substantive amount of money on the travel side and there is no question that behavior and from what we’ve learned will to continue to deliver savings for us moving forward and we will how we think about that.  There is no better way than to learn the polls of a business and being on the ground and that’s the big part of who are as a company, but we’ve learned to use virtual tools in a very different way whether it’s technology that we have in our plants, where we don’t have to spend maintenance people to the plants anymore that they can work through different systems to see actually at what point on in a plant virtually and address issues from thousands of miles away versus getting on an airplane to having business review meetings with teams. So we are getting better and better of that and I think that behavior will continue.  Portfolio, obviously, going into this, we always have a long tail and we’ve had this strategy that we’ve been executing for the last couple of years and grow the head and cut the tail and as we went into the crisis, obviously cutting the tail became essential in order to meet the demand and that has allowed our – out in the throughput and the efficiencies and to case fill on our plants to grow quite significantly.  And there is a lot of learning there. Now we have cut some SKUs that have very select and unique consumers that we need to look to how we ultimately optimize moving forward. But I do not anticipate that we’ll get back to the full breadth of the portfolio that we had before, as we work with the trade to really optimize it.  And then secondly, I think, what we’ve learned a lot is how do you manage on omni-channel environment and do that in an effective way that it allows us to map the consumer journey, understand where those unique consumers are and if they are unique and they are shopping online, perhaps we expand the tail online versus doing it through the brick and mortar shelf and we’ve learned to leverage that more effectively as we move forward.  And the other area would certainly be on – and looking at the overall cost structures of our offices and what we are doing around the world and making sure that we think about them differently in the long-term to ensure that we maximize effectiveness of our teams on the ground and we are looking at the cost in a way that we have an opportunity to potentially generate some savings there.  And then the last is obviously, elevating funding to growth. And as we look at our products and our innovation strategy, we are looking at more platform ideas, Lauren, across the board, where we are getting more synergies with respect to our formulation development and using that more successfully on a global platform.  The last would be a strategy that is now underway being led by our supply chain, which is really looking at its segmentation of our facilities little bit differently and that’s taking big facilities and making them even more efficient in the long run and looking at how we use other facilities that will become far more agile and flexible to deal with smaller runs, to deal with innovation very differently, to deal with direct-to-consumer brands that we maybe incubating and do that in a very cost-effective way and complementing that, excuse me – with a – manufacturers whereas they might be more efficient.  So, a multitude of things on the productivity side, Lauren and I think you will continue to hear more about that as we move forward. 
Noel Wallace: Yes. Thanks, Kevin. Let me start with July. We are going to avoid getting into a precedent despite the fact that I am very sensitive and understand in the absence of guidance that externally everyone is looking for more and more information. But what we don’t want to do is get into every earnings call talking about the current month that we are in. I will say that July is coming in as planned.  Relative to guidance again, not much to add versus what you have in the print. Specifically, the unknowns of the unknowns, I mean, we’ve seen anything versus where we were in the first quarter, we’ve seen the virus unfortunately expand. We’ve seen case counts accelerate, particularly in some of our larger markets. We see increasingly more disruptions in some of those markets relative to retail closures.  At least temporary closures. We’ve seen consumer behavior modify, which has manifested its way through a significant volatility from week-to-week in the categories which makes it very difficult to predict and plan effectively. So, with that as the backdrop, we continued to hold our position in that regard.  And we understand moving forward that we would prefer to provide guidance and as we get more and more information and get more confidence, in terms of the way we see things moving, we will certainly come back and have that discussion again. 
Noel Wallace: Great. Thanks, Bill. So, Hill’s, another very strong quarter and again, let’s come back to the fundamentals. Great core innovation behind the Science Diet relaunch which continues to perform extremely well. And is now at the tail end of its global roll out and getting significantly stepped up advertising support behind that.  We’ve seen the adjacencies as we moved into fast-growing segments, particularly the West segment which has been quite buoyant around the world. And obviously the channel expansion strategy that we’ve seen that we’ve executed across the Colgate business was in very much - was led by the learning that we have coming out of the Hill’s business, their ecommerce business is up another 50%, shares are up.  We are getting better and better at understanding that channel, particularly around the digital complements that come behind that. You saw a significant step-up in advertising investment in the quarter. We will see that level of spending continue in the back half of the year, specifically behind the following fundamentals.  This brand continues to have very, very low brand awareness, 3% as an example in the U.S. So our ability to continue to drive awareness behind the premium aspects of the brand and the science and the biology-based nutrition is a significant growth opportunity for the business. And we’ve done that. The advertisement has allowed us to expand – get more distribution in our portfolio.  Obviously, look at other rapidly growing channels and drive distribution there and continuing to premierize and take pricing where we can. So the volume growth has been a function of obviously the share growth that we’ve seen, the cannel growth that we’ve seen, the premiumization, which obviously comes through more on pricing.  And likewise, you did see a little bit of pantry loading in the first quarter as consumers were facing a potential lockdown, particularly in North America, we did see some elevated purchases that we saw start to come out, In the second quarter, anticipate that we’ll see a little bit more of that come out in the second half.  But by and large, the business is pretty solid. Looking longer term, obviously continued strong innovation, particularly behind our prescription diet business, looking at new digital platforms that we’ve talked about the Hill’s is a home idea which is allowing that to provide their pet owners with supply of our product delivered directly to their home.  So, looking through different innovation ideas, where there is using digital platforms or innovating across our prescription diet business in the back half and moving into 2021, that will be the key focus for that business moving forward. So, again, strong fundamentals behind that business. Pet ownership, you’ve seen the pet adoption accelerate significantly in the first half of the year.  Our estimation is that will slow quite a bit in the back half, but there is no question there are more dogs to be fed and that we are going to do everything we can to ensure that they are feeding them Hill’s. 
Noel Wallace: Thanks, Mark. Let me come back again on the guidance question. Not much more to add there. But, let me assure the team, there is tremendous complexity and volatility week-to-week based on what’s happening with COVID. And you get decisions made in countries, whether it’s shutting down borders, you have an incredibly complex supply chain.  Second and third order derivative effects of implications in one market to another. You’ve obviously seen the escalation of case counts in big markets for us, mainly Brazil, India and Mexico. And all of those are very difficult to predict and they are all kind of intertwined. And when you get the triangulation of those, it creates significant uncertainty relative to how things can unfold.  That being said, we are executing against it very well, but I assure you there is a lot of work that goes behind the day-to-day in making sure that we continue to operate and deal with the circumstances that confront us. And those circumstances make it very difficult to predict exactly which ways things are going to go. So, not much more to add on the guidance question.  On market share, overall market shares, we are okay in the quarter, but we are not that pleased quite frankly. Yes, you mentioned the translation impact. That was a big impact on our total shares, obviously with LATAM having such strong shares.  Their shares were actually up half a share point in the year-to-date basis, but given the translation impact of those currencies on a global basis, we saw our shares come down. U.S., a little soft in the quarter. I talked a little bit about pulling back on some promotions. Now we feel comfortable with where we are relative to the promotional environment.  There was some – still surprising me some aggressive couponing going on that we quite frankly didn’t follow and that we would like to try to avoid in the future as we don’t think that’s an effective use of money. But we have the right promotions generated through our revenue management efforts that we see ready to go in the back half, but coupled with strong innovation.  I would say that the launch of Optic White Renewal in the U.S. has been very, very successful. I mentioned earlier that’s our first $7 price point, hit a two share, 50% of that incremental. It’s been the most successful new product launch in the category since the launch of Optic White ten years ago.  So again, I think we are getting great confidence in our ability to premiumize the category and as we move into a more recessionary environment as we discussed earlier, we’ll have a strong base business and a strong core innovation of plan to address that. If you look across the other categories, by and large pretty good share performance.  Many of those categories quite frankly driven – share driven by demand and the ability to supply the shelves, whether it would be liquid hand soap, or dish which we have not necessarily met the demand at this stage and share has suffered a little. But where we are focused and where we are spending our money, we are getting some share growth.  We are not pleased quite frankly with some of the share performance in the U.S. But again, we believe that was somewhat circumstantial and we got strong plans and investment in the back half to change that. 
Noel Wallace: Yes. Thanks, Rob. And then, good morning. So, again, I talked about, we expect the strategy that we had put in place 18 months ago, quite frankly as we went to the crisis and interrogated that we felt it was perfectly suited for the behaviors and the dynamics we were seeing in the category. I mean, we needed to continue and they are behind the core business.  The adjacencies were there and that allows us to rethink some of our core businesses and how we get into rapidly growing segments. Take floor cleaners where we’ve expanded the portfolio into more hygiene anti-bacterial related product. And likewise, the focus we were on for quite some time to truly elevate our digital commerce business and you’ve seen consistent growth both from a top-line performance, as well as share performance in ecommerce.  And a lot of that capability is being driven by the success we’ve had in Hill’s and obviously ramping up capabilities across the company both in the digital area as well as the ecommerce space and that we’ve done that through developing our internal talent, as well as bringing in outside talent that we think has been a real boost for the organization to help us think a little bit differently.  So, strategy working and nothing that we feel we need to change, continue to be agile as we move forward. I think some of the learning we’ve had on the agility side as it we can innovate much, much faster than we have in the past. And that we intend to systemize that as we move forward to make sure that we capture that learning on an ongoing basis.  Premiumization has been a big part. I mentioned earlier in the call, we do roughly 50% of our toothpaste business in mid-price and another 25% in value and the balance in premium. And if you take the premium, the fastest growing part of the market has been the ultra-premium where we have not competed. The launch of Optic While Renewal is an example at $7 taking that bundle and moving that around the world is an opportunity for us.  And I think it has certainly given us confidence, notwithstanding the fact that it is tough to launch premium bundle successful, but given us confidence we have now a lot of the capabilities necessary to push more aggressively on premium. And we’ve learned throughout the history and particularly with the last recession, 2008, 2009, you may recall Rob that one of the most successful launches during that period was Optic White.  And that was an affordable luxury and we understand that there still is a segment of the market looking for premium, value-oriented bundles that provide a significant point of difference and Renewal is one. And so, we will balance that very carefully as we move into a more challenged macro environment and we’ll do that with super premium innovation in the right markets, as well as continuing to focus on our core.  On naturals, to your question there, we are excited about our natural strategy. Tom’s has got some terrific plans ahead of it with Craig and Dubitsky and Lauri and the team from Hello are doing an outstanding job opening our eyes the opportunities in naturals across the category. The Hello brand continue to expand in the U.S. and is delivering nice growth and I think that category we know long-term will be very, very beneficial.  Consumers continue to be extremely interested in purpose-driven brands, particularly brands with a strong sustainability profile and while the short-term in the crisis we saw a fall-off of natural brands. We’ve seen that category start to rebound and we expect longer term, it will continue to be a healthy growth opportunity for us.  Your last comment I think was on the Elmex expansion. Again, as we’ve talked about, we’ve been very selective with that strategy and where we move Elmex and Meridol into markets with high pharmacy retail environments and we are doing that very successfully. Brazil was the early launch, Great results coming out of that through the pharmacy expansion plan we have there.  This is not a short-term volume strategy. We want to build a long-term therapeutic business in the pharmacy channel and doing that with strong therapeutic brands like Elmex and Meridol and you are going to see that continue to unfold as we increase investment and continue to build a long-term sustainable business for the markets where we extend it. That will have a couple more to expand in as we move into 2021. So, hopefully, that answers your question, Rob.  And I guess, that brings us to the end. So let me just sum it up. I think overall, a quality quarter, but we all recognize, we’ve got more work to do and a lot of challenges still in front of us. I want to thank 36,000 Colgate people around the world who continue to be extraordinarily resilient, well-focused on executing our strategy, building new capabilities across the organization and winning on the ground and the success of the quarter goes out to them.  So, thanks everyone and we look forward to catching up with everyone soon. 
