Ian M. Cook: Okay, Nik. Happy to do the gross profit walk-through. So if you take our first quarter, the first quarter of 2014, the gross margin was 58.6%. We pick up a positive benefit of pricing at 1 percentage point. Between Funding the Growth and a very modest contribution from restructuring, we pick up another 170 basis points. And as Bina said in her remarks, you can see that, that places us with a far quicker start on our Funding the Growth in 2015 than we had prior year because of the intense focus we have put there. Material prices were a headwind of 230 basis points, and that was almost wholly a transaction impact. There's another 10 basis points of other, and that gets you to the current year of gross profit of 58.9%. We were very pleased with the 30 basis points improvement we had in the first quarter. Indeed, many external views saw our gross profit coming down because of that foreign exchange transaction impact. And we like to think that the balance we're finding between pricing, between Funding the Growth, between Global Growth and Efficiency, driving our innovation and meeting competitive marketplace needs is allowing us to grow the top line while, at the same time, increasing our gross margin. And as we said on the last call, and it remains true for this year, we expect our gross margin to continue to build across the year. And we still plan to expand that gross margin on the year between 50 and 100 basis points. So I think that captures the gross margin approach and thinking from our side. In terms of the marketplaces, I wouldn't say we have seen anything holistically different. We see in pockets increased promotional activity. We see in other pockets increased couponing activity. And we see in other locations, frankly, an easing in the promotional environment. We do see quite a lot of pullback from our principal competitors in media advertising across the first quarter of the year. And I would say our reaction to it is as our reaction has always been, we balance between driving trial for our innovation and meeting promotional needs when they are there, but at the same time, growing and growing our gross margin. And that continues to be our view of the external environment promotionally for the balance of the year.
Ian M. Cook: Yes. We were actually quite pleased with the pricing in the first quarter. You're right. As always, you're balancing your speed of response with what is there in the marketplace and the consumer. We do expect our pricing to build across the year. As you correctly say, we use pricing along with other vehicles to offset that transaction impact of foreign exchange. But I return to the point that I think we're working very hard to maintain that right balance, so we can invest to grow market share and drive the top line while increasing our gross margin. And we feel we started the year in a good place with that 30 margin point expansion, knowing that pricing takes a little bit of time to catch up with the foreign exchange impact. So more pricing across the balance of the year and reiterating the plan to expand our gross margin, again, across the balance of the year to increase by 50 to 100 basis points for the full year.
Ian M. Cook: Yes. It's -- in some situations where the marketplace change is significant and dire, we, along with others, tend to take significant pricing steps very quickly. Russia would be a very clear example. In others, we are more balanced in doing it. If I broaden the discussion a little bit and you think about selling price increases, in fact, our selling price increases in the quarter were between 4% and 5%. Then with some of the activities we have at the store level, we spent some of that back. So you end up with the net pricing number, which is what you see at 2.4% and on balance between the two, still grew gross profit by 30 basis points and kept advertising at a healthy level of 10.6%. So that's what we tend to be juggling with as we balance gross pricing with how we execute in the marketplace. And our responsiveness will be as the market dictates, and our balance between the gross and the effective pricing will reflect also marketplace needs. But again, that balance will see our gross margin expand as the year unfolds by 50 to 100 basis points, which sees us with our traditional advertising up absolutely and as a percent of sales on the year.
Ian M. Cook: Yes. The Hill's consumption is very strong. And I think all of these are a balance between the value of the consumer believes that they are paying for and the gross margin that, that delivers. So Bina went through much of the innovation that we can so far talk about on the Hill's business thus far this year, and a large part of that is accretive from a gross margin point of view. So we're creating innovation that is margin-accretive that the consumer is attracted to. So you will remember, when we went through the process of turning Hill's around, we said one of the key strategic things we wanted to do was to make the innovation flow in Hill's sustainable, not episodic. And we have that now. So yes, we do believe, and it was part of our plan when we made the investment in gross margin, that we would return to historical levels. Now from a local country expansion point of view, we're not in any new markets compared to the emerging markets that we had already been in, like Russia, like Brazil, like Mexico, those types of marketplace. And indeed, we do have a transaction burden because we don't make Hill's products in Russia, for example. But all of that is based into our business plan. We make the same pricing adjustments to address the transaction impact on Hill's as we do for the Colgate business. And maybe strategically down the road one day, if we were to invest in capacity, of course, that would give us further margin improvement on those businesses. The other comment I would make is we are finding with Hill's and our engagement with the Hill's consumer that the emotional connection is so rich that you can engage with that consumer through digital vehicles almost entirely because they will spend extraordinarily (sic) [extraordinary] time finding out information, and they will spend extraordinary time with Hill's representatives to take care of their pets. So with that business, in particular, we're building a very efficient model of targeting and reaching the consumer given the emotional investment they have in the category of the brand and, of course, their pet. So long story short, we think it's sustainable.
Ian M. Cook: Yes. Fair questions, Jason. And obviously, your math is correct. And indeed, the country that bears comment is China. And so let me make a few remarks around China because that really is the country, the geography to discuss. I think the first thing to say is that you will remember, we were one of the first to recognize that trade destocking was occurring in the second quarter last year. And we said that destocking process would be completed by the end of 2014, and the trade inventories would be back to balance. And that has happened. The inventory destocking is completed in China. If you look at our consumption in China, which is to say, the consumer's purchases of our products, our quarter 1 consumption was up a healthy mid-single digits, in line with the marketplace. Our January, February market share was up meaningfully from the fourth quarter of 2014 when the destocking ended. And indeed, our local sales in China for the first quarter were up behind that strong consumption, meaningfully, fourth quarter to first quarter. Now the comparison with the first quarter of 2014 is down due to the comparison with what was our highest quarter in 2014, which, again, you will remember was the quarter before the down-stocking occurred. So what I'm saying is our consumption is leading our sales back up. Our market share and that consumption predict continued growth in sales. And I think most importantly, the second quarter in China is off to a brisk start. So consumption is good and that future growth for that business will continue to build.
Ian M. Cook: Yes. Well, in the U.S., obviously, we were pleased with the pricing pickup in the first quarter. And yes, I would say there has been some modulation in the promotion activity. And indeed, you will remember, the first quarter for us last year was the quarter in which we had launched many, many of our new products. And of course, the couponing behind the trial for those new products would have been in the first quarter of 2014. So there's a timing aspect to that as well. We have, indeed, taken pricing in Brazil. But I would comment on Brazil that it is a different story to China and that the marketplace economic activity and, indeed, our categories worsened since the last time we spoke in January. I don't think that's new news to everyone. It has been widely reported. Pleasingly, as Bina said, our market share, approaching 72%, is up year-on-year. In fact, when I was down there 2 weeks ago, the General Manager said with great pride that it was the highest market share in 19 years. But who's looking? And so our shares continue to be strong, i.e. we're growing faster than the market growth. And as you would imagine, given our experience in Latin America, we're doing a very, shall we say, attentive job of managing our cost structure. But I think it's fair to say that we should expect, and indeed, we are planning for, a slower Brazil marketplace for the balance of this year. Now the organic growth outcome, I think you can do your own math. We provided a range of 4% to 7% because of the choppiness and volatility in our world. And if -- to put that in comparison, that 4% is up against the highest quarter of last year at 6.5%. So the compares ease a little bit as we go forward. And if the China growth returns the way we expect it to, it will clearly move us up that range. So we're still comfortable with the 4% to 7% range, and we'll see how it unfolds quarter-by-quarter.
Ian M. Cook: Yes. Well, to take the second point which is housekeeping, you will find that broken out in our Q. So we actually provide the calculation where they're a requirement that we do that, which is to say what would the impact on the business be if we were required to go to the SIMADI rate. The foreign exchange impact on the year is around 10%, more or less. It is more on the bottom line as it was in the first quarter. I think top to bottom was 10% and 14% on the first quarter. So it's about a 10% impact on the year. There are no other factors affecting our guidance other than, and I stress, the translation impact of foreign exchange because as you know well, we seek to cover the transaction impact because that is what leads to operating results.
Ian M. Cook: Yes. Well, I don't like being categorized as the last guy standing. And Venezuela is a unique case. So I don't know what data you're seeing, Bill, but our Home Care business is not a focus for us in Venezuela. And indeed, material availability is modest in that business. I think as you heard Bina talk, we're quite pleased with our Home Care and our Personal Care business. Yes, there are more competitors in Personal Care than we find in Oral Care. But if you take Personal Care against the company, Personal Care organic grew around 3% in the first quarter, quite healthy growth. And more competitors means the marketplace is more fragmented, and therefore, you can garner progress because there are simply more players in the space. And I think some of the examples Bina quoted are very good examples of where we're doing precisely that in emerging markets as well as developed markets. So no, we still think there is opportunity for growth in those categories, and we're going after it.
Ian M. Cook: Wow. Where to start? The -- if we take pricing overall, and you may have missed the response we gave a little bit earlier, we continue to believe we have pricing power. And therefore, the growth pricing we've been able to take is around 4.5%. And we have reinvested some of that in the trade spending activity to grow market share, which, along with the traditional advertising we have invested, have continued to be productive. We are growing market shares broadly, and we are seeing our gross margin expand. We think in terms of the pricing in Africa/Eurasia and Latin America that, that is sustainable. We're not, again, going to talk about Venezuela specifically other than to say when we got pricing in the fourth quarter of last year, so did many of our competitors. And regardless of what the inflation is in a country, in Venezuela's case, pricing is controlled by the government. So we don't have the flexibility to follow the inflation with self-directed pricing in Venezuela. So Venezuela is all rollover in 2015. I would also say that we have very broad-based pricing increases across all of Latin America. You forgot Hill's, where I think we've got a very good balance between effective pricing and volume growth on that business and beginning to see the gross margin build back nicely, which was clearly one of our objectives. The U.S., North America pricing possibility, that will always be a bit choppy, given the timing of couponing behind new products and the fact that couponing goes into price. And I think there will continue to be pricing pressure in Europe, but our expectation is that it will ease over the balance of the year compared to the first quarter level. Now in Asia, specific to China, we made some corrective pricing actions on a couple of our businesses, which are now baked in for the full year. I think that was responding to all the questions you asked, Ali, at least I hope so.
Ian M. Cook: Yes. Yes, we are. I mean, on the advertising side, when we look at advertising spending for the year, we see, on a ratio basis, an increase year-on-year. In local currency terms, it will certainly be up. It will certainly be up. The -- from a China point of view, you're absolutely right. There is a fair degree of premiumization going on in China, and we indeed are taking advantage of that. When you put China in a longer context, over the last 8 years, we built our China business from about a 29 share to a market-leading 33, 34 share, 34 share January, February this year. If you look at our principal multinational competitor, they've gone from 25, down to under 15. And the other multinational competitor has gone down from mid-teens to high single digits. And that premium local brand you mentioned is what is taking up the slack. So we're continuing to hold market position quite nicely. And indeed, we are adopting a premiumization strategy.
Ian M. Cook: The -- I would say when we think about our -- I'm now talking the traditional advertising media. I would say that our focus is more on what is necessary to reach, engage and convince our consumers to stay with our brands from an emotional point of view and to try our innovation. That's the purpose. And that dictates a certain reach and frequency for your traditional media. These days, it also requires a mix between the traditional and the digital and other ways of connecting with people. If some of these pullbacks continue to be as we have seen them, maybe it does create a little bit more of a rational opportunity in some markets. But we'll track that for a while before we make any significant changes.
Ian M. Cook: Yes. The -- you're right on the overhead, Joe. In fact, total dollar expenses were down. So the reason the ratio is up is a combination of timing and dollar-denominated expenses against a weakening foreign exchange-driven top line. As to your second point, I think we have in our K -- I think we're talking 65 to 75 after-tax for the year -- sorry, that was the restructuring.
Ian M. Cook: Who knows? I mean, the first quarter economic numbers were just revised down. I think there is an underlying confidence that the U.S. economy is on the turn, but I think it's a slow turn. Frankly, our consumption in the U.S. is ahead of the consolidated growth in the categories we're in, that U.S. category growth is between 1% and 2%. We're slap-banging that. And as Bina commented in her remarks, our market shares are up in North America. So we're quite pleased with that. And we will be poised to take advantage of the growth should it accelerate because we have a rich array of innovation to bring to the marketplace.
Ian M. Cook: The -- I guess all these countries have to be a balance between volume and price, given the transaction impact of the foreign exchange. So in Brazil, we took pricing and we took pricing against volume, to your point, to establish the pricing in the marketplace. At the same time, because of the economic decline, several of the categories did go negative in volume terms. So not all the categories were positive from a volume point of view. The other thing one has to say, and I spent 3 days down there not so long ago, is there is quite a bit of short-term disruption in the marketplace. The economy slows down. You have the various scandals unfolding day after day. Interest rates go up. And what happens is the indirect retailers take a step back and wait to see how everything is going to settle out. So there is an added element, I would say, of short-term hesitation in terms of the way the market would normally line up. But as I said earlier, our focus is going to be on growing market share, controlling our costs, expanding gross margin and weathering what we believe will be a slower Brazil environment for the balance of this year.
Ian M. Cook: The Tom's business is doing very well. The first quarter organic growth was up double digits. We have, as you know, an extremely strong position in Oral Care toothpaste in the United States, over 50 market share in the channels that are unique to Tom's. And that's why, as Bina said, we have taken the opportunity now that we have consolidated our position in toothpaste to extend the Tom's name into the baby skin health space, which we think will be a big opportunity for Tom's going forward. As I have said before, this is not a marketing accelerated business. You have to win consumers one at a time and be patient. But once they are Tom's consumers, they're Tom's consumers forever. And they almost pledge allegiance to the brand, which we may have them do one day. In terms of cash usage, no major change in CapEx or repurchase. No major change. So listen, I understand those are all the questions on the line. I thank you very much for your interest in the company. And as always, I thank Colgate people around the world for making it all happen. Talk to you next time.
