Noel Wallace: Yes. Thanks, Dara. So as you heard in some of the prepared comments, Oral Care accelerated in 2021. In fact, it was double the growth rate that we had in 2020. Our consumption exceeded shipments in most markets, and that was a function of some of the supply chain challenges that we incurred, particularly here in North America as well as in Asia. So if I walk around the world, really strong back half performance in Europe. In fact, we’re at record shares on the toothpaste business exiting the fourth quarter there. You heard John mentioned the strong growth we’re seeing in China, which was obviously a key market for us to get turned around in the last couple of years. Our e-commerce shares are up very, very strongly. They are close to 400 basis points and the fastest consumer brand in the market. Our brick-and-mortar shares are holding. So overall, we’re delivering share growth there. Latin America Holding, as we talked about, we’ve been very much on driving revenue growth management in those markets and have some great success, particularly in markets like Brazil. And we’re trying to resist just chasing some of the promotional volume at the lower end of the market, which has lost some of our volume share. But overall, we feel very good about where we are, particularly around the premiumization. North America, while we exited strong, we’re still not satisfied with the performance there. Clearly, we believe we have significant opportunities there. The innovation plans we have in place for 2022 reflect our commitment to that market as well as the increased advertising support, particularly around the premiumization strategy and we expect to see shares rebuild nicely in 2022. But satisfied at least that the fourth quarter and some of the back half activities that we put in place to be more competitive, have certainly stabilized the share, and now it’s about growing. As we mentioned, some of our untracked channels continue to perform very well in Oral Care, in the U.S., particularly the club channel as well as e-commerce. We don’t talk a lot about toothbrushes, but that business had a really good year for our share growth is up in toothpaste – excuse me, in toothbrushes across most markets, and some good innovation likewise coming on that. That will be coupled obviously with strong pricing. I’m sure we will get into a lot of discussion on that, but we have taken pricing in emerging markets. We are rolling aggressive pricing in developed markets, and that will continue to bolster share and our ability to support the brand moving forward. So overall, we’re pleased with Oral Care, Dara.
Noel Wallace: Sure. So let – I guess to start with raw materials there. Obviously, we saw a significant acceleration in raw material prices following the first quarter in 2021. That continued to escalate as we went through the year. And certainly, based on where we thought we were in the third quarter, we saw significant increases moving into the fourth quarter. In fact, resins up more or less 50%, our tablet price is up 30% to 40% in the fourth quarter. So all of that is now built into how we’re thinking about ‘22, and we expect raw materials, quite frankly, to peak in the first quarter. We have developed our plans based on spot rates today, and we expect the spot rates to hold and begin to moderate towards the back half of 2022. So you see raw materials potentially peak in the first quarter and then stabilize and begin to potentially moderate in the back half. You layer on top of that our pricing strategies for the year. We took some pricing in the fourth quarter in emerging markets. We took more pricing in the developed markets in the first quarter, which will mostly take effect as we exit the first quarter into second quarter. We’ve got, obviously, the additional productivity programs that we talked about this morning, that will be very back half weighted more in the end of the third quarter, early fourth quarter and into ‘23. So we won’t see much benefit this year, particularly in the first half. So – and you combine that likewise with an innovation plan that is weighted more towards the premium side, particularly in North America in the first quarter. And all of that will help us lead to growing margins as we go through the year and exiting the year with margins up.
Noel Wallace: Yes. Thanks, Lauren. I think the key word you use is really trying to be proactive. I mean we came into this year after the first quarter, noticing, obviously, an environment that was becoming more challenging, particularly around COVID and disruptions associated with that as it then obviously led into a significant inflationary environment and we got out ahead of this as quickly as we could to start thinking about our 2025 strategy and ultimately, what we were trying to achieve and how we wanted to accelerate. We’ve seen a lot of great progress in our digital transformation. We’ve seen a lot of great progress as we’ve restructured our innovation groups around the world towards breakthrough and transformational innovation and the benefits we’re seeing coming out of that. And we decided we really wanted to accelerate that transformation and make sure that we get that savings into the business as quickly as possible as well as the benefits of how we structure ourselves to be more agile and faster to market, the benefits we get out of increased resources in the digital space as well as the innovation. Now bear in mind, as you heard from John, we had a really good year around controlling our overheads, and we have been constantly looking at ways to mitigate the inflationary pricing we’re seeing in the market. Our overheads were down on the year, down considerably in the fourth quarter. And I think that’s just good business. We’re constantly looking for ways to optimize how we operate. On top of that, we want to look at how we structure ourselves to really continue to accelerate the growth momentum that we have. So as we move throughout the year, we will exit this program. As you said, it’s a one-year program with the savings really falling into the back half of 2022 and into the first half of ‘23. It allowed us to really fine-tune where we wanted to focus and allowed us to do that in the 12-month period, and we think that’s ultimately right for the business to ensure that we don’t have ongoing distractions across the organization, and we get on with trying to accomplish what we’ve set out to do for the year and into ‘23. On the regional point that you were mentioning, Lauren, listen, as you’ve heard from everyone, the supply chain challenges everyone faces are quite significant. And it really, to a certain extent, depends on the structure and composition of your supply chain. We have had, as you know, one of the most efficient supply chains in the world in terms of how we’ve optimized our global sourcing all around the world and how we put capital into ensuring that we have extremely low-cost plants. We will benefit from that long-term to be sure. In the short-term, given some of the disruptions that we’ve seen both in Asia as well as here in North America, we’ve had to deal with that. And that has brought some additional costs and obviously, as you heard, some disruption to the top line of the business as well, likewise, no question into the market share. So we’re moving to get through those as we go into ‘22, and we feel very confident in where we are with our supply chain and the changes that we’re making, particularly in the productivity initiative to continue to optimize that moving forward.
Noel Wallace: Sure. So let me talk a little bit about Oral Care. Obviously, in the prepared remarks, you saw that the fourth quarter was driven by Oral Care and Pet Nutrition. So overall, quite pleased. And that was despite some disruptions that we saw in the quarter. The shutdowns that we talked about in the third quarter had a more material impact in the fourth quarter. That was about 60 basis points of growth to the total company in the fourth quarter, and all of that would have been in Oral Care, so to speak. So we’re moving behind those. We see a little bit more disruption in the first quarter but we have a pretty good line of sight that by the second quarter and throughout the balance of the year, we will be back to where we need to get to be on that. So overall, Oral Care was good. I mentioned the strong exiting the market shares in Europe, which were very, very strong. We stabilized the shares in North America and actually saw some all outlet growth in the fourth quarter, driven by untracked channels, which was terrific. And we’re particularly pleased with the reception to our new products in 2022 that we’ve introduced as well as the acceptance of the pricing across North America. So we’re quite confident in terms of where we’re – how we’re setting ourselves up for continued growth in ‘22. You had a question on price volume, and I’ll address the Latin America question within that. Obviously, there is going to be more price in our organic growth in ‘22 versus volume given the significant increases that we’re taking across the world. And as I mentioned, we began taking pricing at the end of the fourth quarter. We have implemented and announced pricing across the emerging markets here in the first quarter, which will take effect, as I mentioned earlier, in the early part of the second quarter. But no question, given the size of the pricing that we’re taking around the world, and you’re seeing that from ourselves as well as competitors in other categories, you will see a falloff in volume. And we’re accustomed to that. Relative to how we think about our promotional cadence and how we think about our innovation plans as well to ensure that we continue to build volume through the balance of the year. So the makeup of the organic growth this year, no question will be driven more by price than by volume, which is a little bit different than what we’ve seen in historical years. I’ll say that all boats rise in this environment in the sense that everyone is impacted by the inflationary environment. So as a result, you’re going to see pricing up pretty consistently across all categories. That plays, as you’ve heard from others, into elasticity that you’re not seeing one competitor move, you’re seeing the category move. So elasticity tends to be a little bit less. We will see. It’s early days now. But our experience, as you well know, Steve, of taking pricing quite significantly to offset foreign exchange in markets around the world. We have been able to balance that elasticity impact with good innovation and good promotional cadence, understanding how to ensure we’re innovating across the price tiers and making sure that we’re protecting the consumer and the category growth at the same time. Latin America had a really strong quarter. Bear in mind, they had a strong comp that they were dealing with. So the 2-year stack looks terrific. I think it was about 16%, if I remember correctly and obviously, 6% on top of 11% a year ago and largely driven by pricing. So, a little bit soft in the volume line as we took some pricing but we fully expect that that will recover itself. Categories continue to be quite healthy in Latin America, mid single-digit growth and the consumer seems to be responding to at least in the short-term, but we will watch that carefully as we move through ‘22.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Andrea, let me take your second question first because I think, to a certain extent, it addresses some of the earlier commentary on the quarter. Bear in mind that we had strong growth in Oral Care and Pet Nutrition. We were lapping significant category growth in Personal Care and Home Care that obviously paralleled our growth last year, given some of the impacts of COVID. Liquid hand soap, as a category in ‘21 was down roughly 25%. Likewise, you saw that level of growth as a category in the fourth quarter as well. Some of our home products – our cleaning products were down 15% to 20% as a category as well. So no question that had an impact in the quarter. But we’ve seen that kind of starting to stabilize and our sense is as we move into ‘22, those categories have hopefully bottomed out relative to consumption. John mentioned that we shipped above – consumption was above shipments, and that was due to a certain extent to the continued constraints around logistics, the challenge of getting trailers not only around the country, but across borders, either from Mexico or otherwise. Some of the challenges that we had and the shutdowns and plants across Asia that we mentioned earlier, that obviously had an impact on the North America number as well. But as I said, we’re moving through those. We think we will be out of that by the end of the quarter. We’re taking the necessary steps, as I mentioned earlier, to ensure that our supply chain continues to operate as efficiently as possible. We will make a couple of changes relative to sourcing. That has obviously created a little headwind in terms of cost. But overall, we feel good about at least the plan in place, to address some of the short-term issues that we face. We will see the benefit of that as we refill the pipeline to a certain extent moving through the back half of the year.
Noel Wallace: Yes, thanks. Early days. Obviously, as you mentioned, we’ve had a lot of experience taking quite significant price increases around the world, particularly as we went through periods of significant foreign exchange headwinds. As I mentioned earlier, I think the big difference here is that the price increases are coming across the entire market in all categories. And as a result, you tend to see a little less elasticity when that happens. But we’re very prepared for that. As I mentioned earlier, very cognizant of our promotional cadence in terms of how to balance that, very cognizant of our need to bring value to our innovations to ensure that the pricing is executed successfully. But we feel pretty good about at least what we’ve seen in early days again, relative to elasticity, time will tell. But my sense is we will be able to weather this quite well given the whole market is moving, and we have a strong innovation and promotional strategy in place to continue to ensure the consumer is valued.
Noel Wallace: Sure. So, we announced pricing in some of our Personal Care categories late last year, which took effect in the middle of this quarter. The balance of our categories have been announced and will take effect as we move into the second quarter. So, that’s clearly the cadence that we see relative to pricing. Funding the growth relative to the North American business is typically pretty directional across every quarter. As I mentioned, we have mobilized specific teams in North America and in other regions to accelerate some of our funding the growth initiatives. Bear in mind that as we are dealing with the challenges around the supply chain that we want to ensure that we are finding time dedicated time to deliver funding the growth. When we produce against the demand that we have, we obviously don’t want to shut our lines down to test funding the growth initiatives so we are finding alternative ways to do that. On top of that, as you mentioned, the productivity initiative, which will be a global initiative, will impact across more regions. There is not one specific region that we are targeting specifically on that. All the regions will be contributing based on the opportunities that we have identified. So, you will see pricing move through in the second quarter, funding the growth consistent across the year. And we believe quite confident that margins will begin to accelerate as we move into the back half of ‘22.
Noel Wallace: Yes. Thanks, Jason. So listen, we had, obviously, really strong performance in ‘21 – excuse me, in ‘20 across our liquid hand soap, our Personal Care categories, which include Palmolive overseas as well as our Home Care categories here in North America. Obviously, that – those categories, as I mentioned earlier, are falling off quite significantly, but we believe have stabilized and will provide more continuity as we move forward. We had some challenges, obviously, getting some of the innovation executed what we wanted to do. Obviously, that’s had a short-term impact. But we feel very good about the plans we have in place in terms of not only getting the pricing through the category, but making sure that we continue to deliver an entrepreneurial approach to these businesses because we have isolated pockets of strength, North America being one, Latin America being another, where we find the opportunities on the ground that we can execute against. So overall, we feel good about it. We know some of our competitors are spending significant money in these categories. As we talked about earlier, we have increased advertising in the ‘22 plan. That will support all of our key priorities mainly Oral Care as well as Hill’s, but we will look selectively in some of our core markets to ensure that we have competitive spending levels to address some of the softness that we saw this year coming out of a very robust 2020.
Noel Wallace: Sure, Kevin. So again, let’s talk to pricing elasticity. It’s early days right now, as I mentioned. But we expect that we will not see as much pricing elasticity in our business, specifically our own business, as we have seen in the past, given that everyone is taking pricing, it seems pretty consistently across all of our categories and across the world. Time will tell on that, clearly. The elasticity assumptions that we built into the P&L are quite conservative. I mean we wanted to be very careful there to ensure that we were able to adjust and have enough flex in the P&L based on how we saw the consumers react. So, my sense is we are covered there, but we shall watch this carefully to ensure that our assumptions are accurate. And we will pivot as necessary as we see what’s happening in the marketplace. As I mentioned earlier, it’s not only just taking pricing, it’s how we go about executing that in the market relative to our promotional cadence, relative to our new product cadence. And that really fits into the second part of your question, which is the pricing ladder. One of the aspects of our business that we feel very good about is how we have clear distinction at price tiers and value add across the multiple price tiers in which we compete. And we have innovation planned across all those price tiers. Innovation that will not only get us pricing, but brings value add to the consumer should there be any temptation to trade down, particularly in the premium side of the business. But the important piece there is that we are looking to innovate across all of our price tiers to ensure that we continue to bring value to those consumers as they address obviously, a significant headwind around inflation in their markets.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Thanks, Wendy. It’s kind of all of the above. But let me take a step back for a moment. Obviously, we came out of a pretty significant restructuring program that ended in 2019, the better part of 5 years to 6 years of that. And as we have obviously started to think about our 2025 strategic plan, it’s only good business to continue to look for ways to optimize. We have made a lot of changes in the organization around our structure around innovation, our digital transformation, our back-office centers, how we are thinking about SAP S/4HANA, how we are thinking about our manufacturing footprint and our manufacturing strategy moving forward. All of those are the right things to do to continue to drive efficiency across the business and ensure that we continue to execute against our strategies. So, this is a very focused program. We believe – I mean it was in response to what we needed to deliver for our 2025 plan to get ahead of this even faster. I mentioned earlier, our overhead structure is pretty well managed right now. You saw overheads down, our fixed costs down in 2021. You saw them down quite considerably in the fourth quarter. That bodes well for us as we move into ‘22, but we need to continue to optimize and reallocate resources into the key growth priorities we have across the company. And you have seen some of those growth priorities. Obviously, the advertising piece has been a key driver of our top line sustained momentum. And our intention, as we laid out in ‘22, is to accelerate that advertising, not only across Oral Care and Pet Nutrition business, but our skin health and some of the other categories that I mentioned earlier in the discussion. So again, we intend to reinvest most of this money, but we want to have levers available to us as we go through the year. We brought Stan in. A big purpose of bringing Stan in was not only his technology background to help us with our transformation, but to help us think about where we can optimize our structure going forward. So, why don’t I turn it over to Stan, and let him share a couple of his thoughts on this.
Noel Wallace: Yes. Listen, ultimately, our goal is to continue to drive EBIT margins up. And if you think about what we are trying to execute and what we have executed over the last couple of years, notwithstanding obviously some of the setbacks related to COVID, it’s accelerating our priority categories. It’s the Oral Care acceleration. We will grow EBIT margins over time. Accelerating Pet Care, Premium Pet Nutrition, likewise. The Skin Health businesses, we continue to be very committed to those. All margin accretive to the bottom line of the company. So obviously, driving an improved mix in getting those three categories continuing to drive the top line of the company will ultimately deliver more EBIT margin. But we have to be proactive. I mean we are proactive in taking, obviously, the pricing we just discussed. We have to be proactive in ensuring that we have the resources internally to optimize our media spend. We will talk a little bit about that at CAGNY, some of the great work that we are doing around driving ROI more efficiently across our advertising spend. Now that may allow us to spend more against some of the opportunities we see or optimize our spending as we move forward. Likewise, as we talked about earlier – most of the call today is the pricing aspect of this. And we will continue to be bold and ambitious with our pricing because we believe getting the gross margin in the P&L, ultimately, the EBIT up is the way to continue to fuel the investment that we need to sustain the top line growth. So ultimately, the goal is to drive EBIT margins. Obviously, some challenges in the short-term that we have seen. But we think as we execute against our 2025 strategy, the category that we compete in today, the pricing, the innovation that we have in place, all will contribute to that. The program that we announced is all part of that, obviously, looking at ways to optimize our structure to ensure that we find ways to improve the profitability through the income statement.
Noel Wallace: Okay. Thanks, Rob and good morning. Listen, on the pricing, I can’t be really any more specific than what I provided you earlier. Obviously, we have announced pricing in some categories in the fourth quarter in North America. We are taking the bulk of our categories were announced and will be effective in the second quarter and consistent with where we see inflation and our needs to continue to grow gross margins that really dictates the level of pricing that we take and where we think we can take it with list prices, and how we do it through our revenue growth management initiatives and how do we do it through our innovation strategy. So, it’s a well thought through approach to ensuring that we are getting the right pricing across the price tiers, able to drive value to the consumer through our innovation, and making sure that we balance that with our promotional cadence. And ultimately, we will see we have – we do the opposite kind of visibility to where our competitors are taking pricing. We do this in isolation. And we do it based on what we think is right for our business. And we adjust accordingly, moving forward. On China specifically, great success in China, in fact and I think we are still in the early days of that. We saw the Colgate business respond really nicely to a very distinct change in our strategy in that market, not only our go-to-market approach, but more importantly, our innovation approach to really go after the premium side of the market. In e-commerce, e-commerce is now 25% to 30% of the category. And we are the fastest growing brand in e-commerce right now. And that is all at a index of about 2.5x to the market average. So, it really is premium innovation that’s driving our success there. We have got more work to do. We have got some opportunities in the brick-and-mortar environment. We have seen that share stabilize. And so the incremental growth has mainly come through online. And we see as we think about our distribution model moving forward some ways to optimize that. We are taking an important step with our Hawley & Hazel brand in 2022 with Hawley. We have got good innovation and good support levels for that business, to continue to accelerate that. So, we feel pretty good about China. Now, China obviously, the category has been quite sluggish. I mean the brick-and-mortar category was actually down, whereas e-commerce was up. This was really driven by the lack of mobility in the marketplace that we have seen over the last year and the lockdowns that we have seen across that market in different provinces. And that has certainly had an impact on consumption. So, things have slowed a bit. But I think as we move into ‘22 and knock on wood that COVID continues to moderate. We will see obviously, that category rebound nicely and where we believe in a much stronger position to capitalize on that and we were before.
Noel Wallace: Well, thanks everyone. So, let me close by extending my deepest gratitude to all the Colgate people that are listening today and those that aren’t their resilience and their care and managing through just an extraordinary environment in 2021, which was obviously continue to be disrupted by the challenges of COVID are nothing, but impressive. For staying so focused on the innovation, our revenue growth management initiatives, as well as the brand building plans had accelerated and sustained top line growth for the company and continued to deliver strong results, so my gratitude and appreciation to all the Colgate people and thanks everyone. I will see you at CAGNY.
