Ian M. Cook: Yes, thanks, Dara. Well, let me take a little bit of a step back on the world and our categories and include China and Brazil in those comments and then take you forward to 2015. Let me start with the developed world where, I guess, we have been saying for a time that our category growth rates are in the 1% to 2% range, with Europe being at the lower end of that range and the U.S. now creeping up to the higher end of that range and that hasn't really changed. When you then turn to the emerging markets, as we have said on the last couple of calls, we came into the year from a 2013 where the growth rates were between 6% and 8% and said that the growth rates were now likely to be between 5% and 7%. And on the last call, we said that those growth rates had decelerated to the lower end of that range. And what we have seen is that during the third quarter, that has continued to be the case. In other words, those headwinds have not reversed. Now very specific to China, on the last call, we described and explained how the combination of the deceleration in consumer consumption led to a destocking of the extended distribution system in China through distributors and wholesalers and that we thought that would correct itself in response to a question, if I recall, within 60 to 90 days. And somebody said, well, does that mean the China business will come back from a Colgate volume point of view towards the end of the third quarter? Now many of us have just come back from an extended trip to Asia and I'm pleased to say that is precisely what has happened. In other words, while China for the quarter remains modestly negative, what we saw in terms of independent offtake data is consumption at about mid-single digits and the destocking working itself through the system. So as we finished the quarter, our volume was now servicing again that mid-single-digit rate of consumption. And at this point, we would say we expect that to continue. Brazil is China redux except a little bit later. I think, frankly, we were planning for a recovery following the World Cup and that didn't occur. The category growth rates repeated what we saw in China. And the inventory destocking also compounded against that reduced consumer consumption level. And again, as Bina has said, we have begun to see that come back in Brazil, with the category growth rates now in the mid-single digits. But it started a little bit later in Brazil. So it will be a little bit into the fourth quarter before it fully comes back. Pleasingly, in both cases, the consumption, which is to say what consumers are buying, continues to be at that mid-single-digit level. So for 2014, we think it prudent to say, with all of that in the mix, that our view on organic top line growth is now broader. We're saying between 4% and 7% for the year because we think that's prudent. And as we said on the release, we really have just started our 2015 budgeting process. But based on the information we have today, we think it would be prudent to likewise say that our organic growth range for 2015 will be in that 4% to 7% range.
Ian M. Cook: Well, in fact, Chris, thanks for the question, the EPS growth rate for next year, we have tried to be quite specific in guiding to mid to high single digits in dollar terms, not double digits. And that reflects the recent foreign exchange deterioration which, as you know, was very sharp and towards the end of the third quarter and when one goes through the various investor notes that have been written about the business, many people have come to a like conclusion in terms of what they see dollar EPS growth being. So as we said in the release, we're expecting another year of growth. And having been asked the question, we would frame it as 4% to 7% organic. We talk about expansion of the gross margin. And as we go through our budget process, you would imagine that our target continues to be that 50 to 100 basis point expansion and mid to high-single digit EPS growth in dollar terms. And that's the way we're framing and approaching 2015.
Ian M. Cook: That part of the world is heavily influenced by China and India. And when Bina said India was strong, India was strong. And the Southeast Asian countries generally performed very, very well during the quarter. So it really is China and the correction of that Chinese business back to, I stress, this underlying mid-single-digit consumption rate for consumers.
Ian M. Cook: Well, let's take India first. Without getting into specifics, we have seen consistent double-digit growth in India every quarter this year. We continue to build their market share on toothpaste and on toothbrushes, our leadership market shares. I would also add by the way, with that independent study that happens every year in India, for the fourth straight year, Colgate was voted the most trusted brand in any category in India, which gives you a sense of the consumer loyalty and affection for the brand. One thing we've been doing for a while in India is expanding the strength of our distribution in the rural areas. And I would venture to say, Jason, that when you start getting to that level of distribution without in any way impugning Nielsen or other data sources, the quality of the data becomes perhaps a little bit suspect. In Europe, actually, we were pleased with Europe. There is no question that pricing has become, for some retailer, in some cases, competitor, and other, an approach, a tactic, I guess, to try and build overall growth. So we were pleased to see the volume growth we had in Europe and indeed the modest organic growth along with good-sized margin -- gross margin expansion delivering goods financial results there. And as Bina said in her comments, and I think we have taken this view for some time now in Europe, I think, we are clear-eyed about the growth rates that can be expected there and we have put an extraordinary focus on reorganizing our European business to make it structurally efficient against a flat line growth rate. And I think, we're seeing the benefits of that. And we're also seeing market shares improve, as Bina mentioned in her prepared remarks. So this hubbing that we have moved to in Europe is working very well for us against 1 of the objectives we had, which was to strengthen our executional capability on the ground.
Ian M. Cook: Yes, let's not get too excited. I think, the U.S. is showing modest acceleration. But these things have tended to be lumpy. But I tried to imply that in my remark on category growth that we are indeed seeing the U.S. upshift towards the higher end of that 2% range. On the destocking, given the vastness of the 2 geographies and the indirect nature of the distribution, China, which we talked about in the second quarter, we believe on the data we see is done, was done by the end of the third quarter. Brazil is on the way to being done and that will be completed during the fourth quarter. There are no other spots of destocking.
Ian M. Cook: Wow. I haven't finished Picasso's book yet so I'm not sure how to answer the question. I think, Ali, the way to think about it perhaps would be on a relative basis. I mean, I think, for the last several years, we have seen things happening in our world that have been truly unusual and volatile events. Many of them having implications both in terms of consumer purchasing behavior and fundamentally foreign exchange, as people run from risk to perceived safety and they impact companies severely in the short term. So while we return to a better macro environment and a more stable foreign exchange environment, I guess, the way to think about it is on a relative basis.
Ian M. Cook: Yes, I mean, to answer the Venezuela question first, Steve, we're not running at a loss. I think, Venezuela is about 3% of the company's sales and about 1% of the company's operating profit. And as you rightly observed, I think we mentioned on the last call that we felt we had been in very constructive discussion with the government relative to pricing. And indeed, we were granted pricing basically across our portfolio in Venezuela, which won't actually move to the marketplace meaningfully until the fourth quarter and will modestly improve our position there. So indeed, we view that as a positive, and certainly, we'll not see Venezuela in a loss-making position. In China and Brazil, we run a dollar-weighted volume anyway. From our reporting point of view, when we look at the information we have from independent trade surveys, we can track that, whether you look at volume or value. The destocking, as I said earlier in China, is now through. And we are back to meeting consumption with our shipments. And in Brazil, it is in like fashion working its way through the system and will be completed in the fourth quarter. It really was the distribution system catching up to the succession of consumer slowdowns but that consumer consumption now seems set mid-single digits and now our shipments are coming back to that.
Ian M. Cook: I was wondering when somebody would do that. Okay. Let's start with the gross profit roll-forward. So last year, it was 59. In this quarter, we pick up a 50 basis point benefit from pricing. Between the restructuring program and our Funding the Growth savings, we pick up 230 basis points, essentially in line with last year. Material prices sequentially worsened from the 2.5 basis points negative -- 2.5 point negative in the third quarter to 3 and you've got 20 basis points of mix, et cetera, and that brings you to the current year at 58, 640 basis points down. Now if we take that and look forward, first thing to say, our Funding the Growth program remains strong. Secondly, our restructuring program remains strong. Third, given the timing of pricing that we took in the third quarter and the Venezuelan price increases, we are now realizing in the fourth quarter, we expect pricing to be a more significant component of offsetting the material price headwinds. Looking forward, again, we have not finished our budgeting process. But in terms of some of the underlying commodity costs, one would say that there are emerging signs of weakness. And one would also say that in terms of oil, even though there is a lead lag before you get the full benefit of that, we have gone into our budget with a $100 assumption and we know where oil sits today. So it will be a combination of the funding the growth where material prices really end up after we have been through the diligence of our budgeting and pricing.
Ian M. Cook: Yes, I think, the risks are pretty much out there for all to see. I'm not sure retailer-specific will be an issue. I think, I know the retailer to whom you are referring. But we have, in those kind of environment, all sorts of checks and balances in terms of inventory against consumption. And I think it highly unlikely that such a situation would arise in the European environment.
Ian M. Cook: We -- I will offer nothing on 2015, Connie. We really have not got that far at all. And all I can say about the pricing we have received is that the government provided specific direction as to the categories that we were permitted to take pricing in and indeed what the level would be by category and by size within that category. So I think, it would be perhaps naïve to assume that, that would allow companies to take pricing as they wish. And I think, any future pricing would be, likewise, a similar discussion with the government. So I don't necessarily view it as a onetime, but I don't view it as opening the door to companies taking pricing at will.
Ian M. Cook: So to respond Alice thanks for the question, yes, the consumer offtake has returned to that mid-single digits level. And yes, our sales are now servicing that level of consumption. So we saw that in the last month of the quarter. And it would be fair to say that's what we expect going forward. Relative to online, I know in some categories in China, online is a large and fast growth segment or retail environment. But in our business, it's not so. We are represented, but the amount of business done online in our categories is de minimis and I don't think would have in any way, affected the trade destocking. And as we look forward to 2015 in terms of the balance between pricing and volume for a country, again, we haven't finished our budgeting process and I probably wouldn't say anyway.
Ian M. Cook: If I sort of take a 20,000 view around the world, 20,000-foot view around on the world, we have seen in many markets competitors reduce their advertising weight in market and shift spending to price promotion or coupon-driven promotion, perhaps in the quest for short-term volume. You have no choice at some level but to respond to that. So part of it is that. Part of it, as we have said for a long time and we must find a way of being more articulate about it, but part of it is structural in terms of the way you engage with consumers. With the techniques we have today, in-store engagement, the sharper marketing we talked about with consumers, which often comes out of trade spending, can be a very effective way of building trial for a product. So some of it is a conscious shift to techniques that we know work when you can target particular consumers in different retail environments. And as we think forward, our preferred view, as we have said before as well, is that we believe in driving growth, particularly when markets are growing less fast through innovation and innovation supported by advertising that generates trial, not price promotion. And therefore, our planning assumptions or our thinking going forward is that we would see that traditional below-the-line advertising come back. But we would not let ourselves become disadvantaged tactically as time unfolds. But our preferred model is innovation-led advertising, supported with quality execution on the ground that makes your product irresistible in store. By your product, I mean our product.
Ian M. Cook: Yes, where to start. The -- I think, it's fair to say that the adjustments we made and I think we've talked at the beginning of the year about Mexico and the U.S., as Bina has commented, have been effective in rebuilding our market share. And that was something we believe we had to do in the face of the competitive activity. We don't see that as a permanent strategy and I would come back and say innovation-led, advertising-supported but irresistible in store is the way we would think about prioritizing our spending. In terms of the share discussion, you'd kind of have the go around the world. Suffice it to say, you mentioned China, I would say, in China, we have approaching a 34% market share in China, and both our principal multinational competitors are seeing share decline. And so from an aggression point of view, honestly, we aren't seeing it. And we're not -- we're certainly not seeing it in the market share. So it's a market-by-market thing. And in Mexico and the U.S., it was an adjustment we made. But if you take the world, our preferred approach is innovation, advertising-supported, irresistible in store.
Ian M. Cook: Yes, 4% to 7%, Mark, allows it to get better. But I think, just based on everything you see in the world today, it seemed prudent to widen that range a little because who knows what next year brings. I think, when we speak again after our fourth quarter and we would have been through our budgeting process, we will be in a far better position to perhaps give a sharper guidance at that time. So I think, this brings the call to a close. I thank you all for joining us. Thank you very much for the interest in the company and the questions you always have. And thank you, again, to all those Colgate people who may be listening. We value the work you do. Goodbye.
