Noel Wallace: Thanks, John, and Happy New Year, everyone. As John discussed, we made meaningful progress in 2019. We grew volume in organic sales in every division. We delivered organic sales growth in all four of our categories, Oral Care, Personal Care, Home Care and Pet Nutrition. In our Oral Care, business we grew organic sales mid-single digits in the year, led by our toothpaste business. And we closed out the year with our highest quarterly rate of organic sales growth in more than three years. But we know we're in 2020 now and we have more work to do. So here are my thoughts on our top three priorities for this year. The first is premium innovation to drive growth. We delivered successful innovation last year by focusing on our core adjacencies and new channels, but markets, categories, consumer preferences are changing and premium is winning, still a lot of opportunity for us in whitening, lifestyle, therapeutic, new forms in pet like wet and importantly in products that are more sustainable and more natural. We're deeply excited about the Hello acquisition given the potential we see for that brand on top of our core business. And obviously skin health is a big area of opportunity for us. Lastly, while we've improved our speed of innovation, we need to get faster. We are aggressively cutting the time it takes innovation to reach the market and you'll see that play out over 2020. Our second priority is becoming more digital and data-driven in everything we do commercially. Continuing on innovation to get faster, we need to use digital tools to replace our traditional testing methods in order to speed up our innovation. We're using analytics to more effectively target our digital spending and drive a higher ROI. We're accelerating our e-commerce business by becoming more data-driven. We're sharing learning across our businesses and geographies and we're co-locating Colgate and Hill's businesses to share best practices and drive efficiencies. And finally, delivering productivity across the P&L through new ways of working. Digital plays a part here as well. Projects like our global move to S/4HANA will allow us to simplify and standardize processes and move resources toward areas that drive real growth. In our supply chain, we have opportunities for more automation and robotics to drive more savings and we're enhancing our productivity culture, so our Colgate employees can continue to deliver our best-in-class funding the growth program, along with tackling other cost opportunities to drive efficiencies. So, those are our top three priorities we're focused on for 2020, more premium innovation to drive our growth, digital and data to make us faster and smarter, productivity to drive our margins. And now I'll be happy to take any questions.
Noel Wallace: Yeah, Steve thanks, and good morning. So, clearly as you look at our portfolio around the world, we have had a history of managing multiple brands and doing it quite successfully. Obviously the Tom's brand here in the U.S. has been a successful growth driver over the last couple of years. And what's so exciting about the Hello brand is given its positioning it really complements our entire portfolio extraordinarily well. It's obviously on a lifestyle type brand and a free form type positioning SKUs are very high amongst millennials and Gen Z where some of our other brands don't perform now. So as we look to manage this brand particularly in North America and around the world, we think it's uniquely positioned in terms of delivering incremental growth to the core franchise. As we saw in 2019, we continue to accelerate oral care growth across the business. And last year it was one of the better years we've had on oral care particularly in toothpaste. And so we're very excited about what Hello is going to bring to the business. We've shown historically we know how to integrate acquisitions and run brands and portfolios with multiple brands in them and that will be the case for us in 2020 with Hello.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Good morning, Lauren. Listen, there's a lot of unpredictability in the world we live in today, a lot of volatility whether it be raw and packed materials, whether it be foreign exchange, a lot of mix play, a lot of geography mix play as well. And while we still have laser focus on driving gross margin and as John outlined in his commentary, we plan to grow gross margins in 2020, we felt it was important to really focus on the continued priority, which is driving top line growth and delivering the EPS guidance that we provided to The Street this morning. As far as gross margins go, we believe the mix opportunities that we have, obviously, bringing brands like Hello into the business, the skin care focus we have, all of those complementing our productivity, funding the growth initiatives will allow us to continue to accelerate gross margins.
Noel Wallace: Thanks Dara. So let's take a step back on the overarching strategy that we've been deploying over the last 12 to 18 months, which is obviously focused on our core, driving adjacencies and exploring and operating differently with our new -- with different channels. And you've seen that obviously play out in the acceleration of organic growth. And as we said in the upfront statements, we accelerated growth across all of our geographies, all of our divisions in that regard and obviously all of our categories. So we think the underlying strategy on how we're executing that around the world is doing quite well. Now, obviously, as you pull out different geographies, Europe categories are a bit slower, different competitive base. Obviously we've got a very strong business there with both the Colgate franchise and the all mix franchise. And the strategy that we just articulated we are executing really well there. Shares are pretty good across Europe on our business. And as we talked about earlier, Total performed very, very well particularly in the U.K., which is one of our largest markets. So overall we're optimistic on where we see Europe going relative to some of the strategies we're deploying. But bear in mind, the categories aren't growing nearly as fast in Europe as they are in the rest of the world. Categories in emerging markets are basically in our categories growing at about 2 times to the developed part of the world. So again, you would expect both North America and Europe to be at a slower pace in terms of top line growth. Relative to North America, obviously there's a lot of work being done from the team on how we're turning around that business. We're currently not at the potential that we see for that business as we speak. We're very, very focused on transforming how we think about innovation. There'll be a lot more focus on premium as we go throughout the year. Most of that will be back-half weighted. The team under John looks leadership is really rethinking on how we look at innovation from a structure standpoint, how we look at it from a premium standpoint and we have some good R&D technologies coming down the pipeline that we think will continue to accelerate growth. But we're going to fix North America the right way. Obviously, we're disappointed with the progress that we made in the fourth quarter, but I have to say based on the plans I've seen, we're really encouraged on where they're going. We're not going to buy our share back. We're going to do things in terms of making sure that we have long-term sustainable growth in that business and driving the premium piece of the business is the key focus.
Noel Wallace: Yes. Listen, we're obviously very pleased as you've seen in the numbers with Hill's. And this harkens back to kind of the cornerstone of our strategy across the company which is focusing on the core, which we've seen terrific growth on Science Diet as we rolled out across North America. We will be rolling the Science Diet relaunch, we started in the late 2019 in Europe and that will expand to the rest of the world in 2020. We looked at adjacencies obviously, as we're getting into the core. And the channel expansion that we had both in farm and feed as well as e-commerce, really sits well with how confident we are with the strategy that we're executing around the world. Now specifically on the durability of that business aside from the fact that they continue to have a strong pipeline of innovation coming the Science Diet rollout will go throughout the rest of the world in 2020. Take the U.S. as an example. We delivered double-digit growth in the fourth quarter on the Hill's business last year and we delivered another double-digit growth this year in fourth quarter, so given the size of that business, I think a clear indication that the durability is there. Now there's no question the comps will get more difficult as we move forward. So we need to continue to focus on the things that we do really well which is the innovation piece of the business, executing against new channels and exploring new adjacencies, which I mentioned in some of my up growth comments about the opportunities we see in wet moving forward.
Noel Wallace: Thanks. So let's talk a little bit about emerging markets. As you well know, we do 70% more or less 70% of our revenues outside the U.S. So we're very focused on emerging markets. And as I mentioned earlier, the emerging market growth rates at least in our core categories are growing at a healthy pace above where we see the developed part of the world moving. So organic growth of 5% in emerging on the year versus 3% in developing obviously is consistent with what we'd like to see the profile of our organic growth moving forward given the strength that we have in emerging markets. Latin America specifically doing well, Mexico doing well in Brazil. Categories are in the 4% to 5% rate there. We should -- obviously there's some uncertainty on where Mexico is going given the fact that they are technically in a recession. And macroeconomics in Brazil seem to be improving. We'll see how that unfolds over time. But the business is quite solid in Latin America and the category seem to be holding up pretty well. Moving on to Asia. Obviously very pleased with another quarter of organic growth and we seem to be getting on track. But as we've said, the turnaround in Asia is going to be -- is going to take some time. While we saw good growth in the back half of the year, this is a long-term strategy that we're executing in Asia to get the portfolio right, to get the go-to-market right and get the innovation structure right, particularly as we look at how we innovate on the growing e-commerce channel. The coronavirus there's not much more to add on that. First and foremost, we're very pleased that all of our employees are safe. We are very focused on that. We have mobilized the supply chain to look at all contingency planning relative to production should the implications of the virus extend beyond the current dates. And we're intending to come back to everyone with more information at CAGNY. Africa is one we don't talk about a lot. Obviously, we had issues in that business 18 to 24 months ago. You've seen I think the durability of the strategy play out in the Africa numbers, where we've seen consistent growth. Importantly, one of our largest markets South Africa had a good back half. And so the categories as well as our business in that important geography seem to be performing quite well.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Sure, Steve. On the pricing bear in mind that in the fourth quarter of last year we were not promoting quite frankly at all across most of our toothpaste franchise given the preparation for the launch of Total. So the comps were obviously very difficult for us in the fourth quarter this year versus where they were in the fourth quarter last year. We also had a bit of mix both in the category and the channel mix that impacted the margins in the quarter. Moving forward, as John mentioned in his comments, the work that we're doing to prepare for long-term sustainable growth in the U.S. consistent with our strategy and very focused particularly in the U.S. around premium innovation, most of that will kick in, in the back half of 2020. Relative to skin care, we're very pleased. You heard in the upfront comments those businesses are growing double-digits and we intend to continue to focus and accelerate our investment in those categories as we move through the balance of 2020. And they've got a good innovation pipeline and we're obviously very carefully thinking about our expansion into new geographies. What we do see is significant upside in the geographies in which we currently compete. Obviously, China is a big piece of the skin care business both for Elta and for Filorga, so we'll have to – we're on a wait and see in terms of the impact of the coronavirus on our business there. Filorga, specifically has a good travel retail business, so we'll see how that unfolds moving forward. And as it relates to M&A, listen we've got between Elta PCA and Filorga, we think the right skin care assets right now. Obviously, if something came across that really got our attention then we would consider it. And with the acquisition of Hello, we're tremendously excited in terms of the growth potential there. We think we're right where we need to be in terms of M&A but never say never.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Again relative to the strategy that we're deploying across the world which is core adjacencies and channels, Hill's is hitting on all cylinders in that regard. The other important area that we see that they have a unique advantage in is how they're thinking about the business digitally and how we're focused very much on now embracing analytics to use to drive our e-commerce business, which was incidentally up almost 40% in the quarter. So they're hitting on all the right things right now and they've got obviously good growth plans moving forward. But as I've said, the comps get more difficult. The good news is obviously the prescription diet business, which is an important part of that business. We have strong innovation coming down in 2020 and we think we're well positioned, obviously given some of the impacts of the recall that we had in 2019 to recover from that moving forward. Obviously relative to the learnings we have on Hill's, as I mentioned, likewise in my upfront comments, we're seeing great benefits by combining our teams, particularly around digital and e-commerce on the ground to share learnings and really maximize efficiencies in terms of how we look at digital, how we buy digital and how we execute against the data that we're learning from Matt. Hill's is quite advanced in that and sharing those learnings broadly across the Colgate business will pay dividends for us.
Noel Wallace: Sure. So, pleased with e-commerce overall. As John mentioned, we were up 30% in the year. This is a fluid business that you continually bring new learnings and which is great about the business, because it's so data-driven, you're able to ascertain, what's working, what's not and act upon that pretty quickly. So we're thinking quite differently among how we structure ourselves around e-commerce with fully independent teams managing that business, so they can take -- that they're empowered to make decisions and taking those decisions very live rather than having to wait for that. So that's certainly benefiting us both on the oral care side or the Colgate side as well as Hill's side. The Colgate business was up significantly last year in the U.S., our e-commerce business was up just shy of 40%. Shares ticked up again. Remember we have a very strong Tom’s of Maine business. Hello will come into the franchise now, which is quite strong on e-commerce as well. And the Colgate business is driving that nice growth. As we look at China specifically, we're starting to develop much more strategic relationships with some of the big platforms there, whether it be Alibaba or JD. We're looking at structuring ourselves differently in order to ensure that we're getting -- partnering with them in a very different way not only in terms of the data side of the business, but likewise on the innovation side of the business where we're going to need to really focus on the premium side, which I mentioned and collaborating with some of our big partners and having the flexibility to do things a bit more uniquely we think will bode well for the business moving forward.
Noel Wallace: Thanks Olivia. Sure. Listen the margins improved in the fourth quarter obviously from where they were in the third quarter. As I talked about, we had some more difficult comparisons given the promotional environment a year ago. We have seen a little bit of a step-up in promotional in the toothpaste category particularly around couponing as we've seen some of our competitors increase their values in that space, but we'll manage that very carefully. As I mentioned earlier, our focus is getting back to durable sustainable growth and premium innovation is at the heart of that and the premium innovation will obviously be accretive to the margin as we move forward, as we continue to push the mix in that area. Obviously, the move towards naturals and lifestyle brands, Naturals with Tom’s of Maine, which will increase the investment behind that business will help margins. The lifestyle brands like Hello, as we continue to push that business, which incidentally today only has a 9% awareness in the U.S. market. So as we put more investment behind that, and we continue to expand the distribution, obviously, that will play out nicely for the business as well. The advertising is meant to obviously create long-term sustainable growth for us and we've seen that obviously play out holistically and globally on the top line and North America will get its fair share as we continue to rebuild that business moving forward. But again, we're going to do that the right way focused on innovation and making sure that we're building the brands for the long-term.
Noel Wallace: Yeah. Thanks Steve. We're not going to obviously guide beyond 2020 at this stage. But let me talk a little bit about leverage and productivity and how we're thinking about it. First and foremost, as we've been very consistent with our strategy around reinvigorating top line growth and driving sustainable organic growth, you've seen that obviously sequentially through the last five quarters and the best leverage we're going to get through the P&L is as we deliver the top line. Obviously, we'll see where foreign exchange goes. We believe it will be a little less punishing than it has been in the past this year. But again, with the unpredictability of the environments that we compete we shall see. As I mentioned in the upfront beyond premium innovation, which will obviously drive the top line and the leverage through the P&L, we are very, very focused on productivity across the entire P&L. We have a list of projects that we're thinking through. We're obviously looking at productivity delivered through technology and the discussions I had around S4 and on how we leverage the simplification efforts that will come from that and the standardization that will come from that. So we're very focused on that. The supply chain, likewise, looking as I mentioned to use robotics and automation very differently moving forward. We're looking at segmentation of our facilities around the world to drive more efficiencies in the plants. So, productivity is right in our focus right now. And as we drive the top line, we'll see that productivity move through the P&L. Most of that productivity particularly for North America we'll see that coming through in the back half of 2020.
Noel Wallace: Yeah. So thanks Mark. So I mentioned upfront that markets are changing, categories are changing, consumers are changing, and we've seen that disruption certainly peak out very aggressively in Asia, and particularly China and we've seen a lot more of that in North America over the last 18 months. And so as we look at our business, we're obviously looking to position our brands in areas, where they can best compete. And as we look at our portfolio strategies, we obviously can't be a one brand for all particularly given the disruptions, you're seeing in the marketplace. And if we see the right opportunity for complementary brands within our portfolio, particularly in Oral Care, we will seek to go after those. And Hello was a perfect, perfect fit for us relative to its unique positioning in terms of millennials and Gen Z, which is not a strength of the Colgate franchise. It obviously complements it well – itself very well with Tom’s. Hello is a very lifestyle-oriented brand, where Tom’s is a very core natural-oriented brand, so we think it fits well and we're going to run the business independently. We're going to run the business differently and not bring it into the Colgate business. So we're very fortunate to have Craig and Lloyd coming over to the business. I think some of you have met them. You know the strength of their leadership. You know the strength of their marketing, instincts and how they think about brands. We fully intend to use both of them across the Colgate business around the world to help us think about innovation very, very differently. And I think Craig will be a wonderful ambassador for us as we think about, how we're transforming our innovation approach to the market. As I mentioned, earlier we're very comfortable with the M&A that we've made, where we continue to be able to deliver against those. We have a track record of delivering successfully against M&A. And I think the reason is we're very focused. We let the business run independently. We maintain their cultures, but we offer them all the opportunities to flex the Colgate machine so to speak relative to synergies, best-practices, training, you name it and that we'll continue to do that with Hello.
Noel Wallace: Yeah. Thanks, Bill. So listen we took a 10% price increase on that business and we held that price increase through the year. And if you take a big core franchise like Colgate Total that's probably the best pricing performance, we've had in the better part of the decade. So from a pricing standpoint, we're quite excited. And we've had the fastest growth on Colgate Total in over three years. So that in its own suggests that the relaunch was successful. Did we have slightly higher expectations in certain geographies? Sure. But our big markets like the U.K., like Brazil, like Mexico where we have high shares we did very well in North America perhaps delivered against our expectation. Our volume share was okay. But recall, we downsized that brand and perhaps we would have done a little bit differently given some of the learning's we have through the launch. But overall, it drove the brand, it drove the equity, and we had a good year on oral care.
Noel Wallace: Good. Well, let me take the latter part of your question first. I think the returns and the results Ali, obviously, a 5% organic in the fourth quarter, sequentially up from the fourth. And as we've discussed and you have highlighted that for quite some time the need to continue to invest behind the business. We think we've that played out relative to the organic performance that we delivered. On the 2020 guide, obviously, just a couple of mechanics through the P&L, the Filorga as a full year on a percent of sales advertising, obviously, much higher and adding a bit to the overall advertising line. But as we mentioned upfront, we have a strong focus on premium innovation and we want to continue to accelerate the investment behind our brands and our businesses in order to deliver long-term sustainable growth. It's early days right now. Obviously we've got a lot of work to do this year. It's only January, a lot can change relative to the macros. You see a lot of uncertainty. We'll see where China plays out. Brazil, Mexico likewise as I mentioned earlier, India a little bit of softness obviously in the real markets we're seeing. So we think the guidance from where we are today and where we sit is absolutely appropriate in terms of how we're thinking about the business. And as we move throughout the year, we'll continue to update that as necessary.
Noel Wallace: Thanks Lauren. There was also an earlier question on our portfolio in China. I remind the audience that we, obviously, have the Colgate franchise and the Darlie franchise that delivers our leadership market position in China. Both those businesses continue to perform well, particularly the Darlie business came back nicely in the fourth quarter. Was able to launch again focused on our strategy, premium innovation particularly around some -- you'll be surprised to hear baking soda products have now become very, very popular in China and are being sold at premium prices and that's certainly helped deliver not only the pricing but the volume. On the Colgate side as I mentioned earlier we're in the midst of a long-term turnaround here. We still got a lot of work to do relative to that business. We're pleased with where we saw the business perform. We had a good 11/11 again behind premium pricing. Our miracle repair product, our volcanic products that we launched in the quarter delivered good volume and good pricing. As you look outwards, obviously, we'll see the impact of corona and what happens in China, it's going to be very difficult at this point to predict the sustainability of where we are right now given the implications of that. But we're certainly structuring ourselves and putting the fundamentals in place to deliver long-term sustainable growth in those markets.
Noel Wallace: So, no, thank you everyone. Obviously we'll see everyone at CAGNY. I look forward to having more discussions there. And for all the Colgate people that are listening, let me wholeheartedly thank you for your incredible support and work for the last year and we look forward to your continued focus in 2020. Thanks everyone.
