Ian M. Cook: Well, obviously, I think the first thing I would want to say is that we're pleased with our overall organic top line growth. We think it reflects the strategic initiatives that we've been deploying for the last 8 years, including the innovation stream that Bina has talked to, including the fact that we have 53% of our sales in those emerging markets. And obviously, as you imply, Chris, the expansion of gross margin is an important part of what allows us to invest behind the innovation we have, both in terms of media promotion, professional activities and of course, as I have said several times before, the retailer-led in-store shopper marketing promotions that build trial for our business. So at the end of the day, on a global basis, what we're looking to do is to maximize the organic rate of growth and continue to expand gross margin. So if you look at our third quarter, we were very pleased with the expansion of gross margin globally, a combination of price and of course, a combination of our terrific Funding the Growth savings, and that has allowed us to invest in traditional advertising and the broader commercial investment to grow the top line. Now our objective in Latin America is, over time, to offset the transaction impact of foreign exchange, and there's always a lead lag of that transaction impact. And as you say, the biggest drag on Latin America gross margin is Venezuela. We were really pleased with the volume-led top line growth we got in that part of the world. And frankly, from a U.S. point of view, we're very happy with the progress of our business. The second quarter, of course, was helped by the introduction of the -- the mouth rinse, but I think those of you that follow the Nielsen data will have seen, and it relates to the share growth that Bina mentioned, that our consumption, which is to say consumer purchases of Colgate products each month of the third quarter, has been higher than the rate of category growth and indeed, was accelerating towards the end of the quarter. And the gross margin expansion in the U.S. was extremely healthy, as you know. So in the U.S. case, any difference between the volume growth is entirely related to the timing of in-market activity. But I think, the way we manage our business globally gives us the ability to drive our innovation, step up the rate of organic growth and continue to build the gross margin. And that's the way we think about it.
Ian M. Cook: I think all these things are a balance, I guess, which is what I was trying to say in the remark. And as you weigh the innovation timing, the different geographies we have around the world, for this quarter, we believed that was the best balance to deliver what we think in today's world is a very strong level of organic growth as a global company, yes.
Ian M. Cook: Yes. Well, as you think about this year, I think it's fair to say that Venezuela is the unequivocal driver of the margin pressure in Latin America. And we have consistently said that. And you will remember, at the beginning of the year, we said that notwithstanding Venezuela, we still expected to expand our gross margin by some 30 to 70 basis points on the year. And I think, based on the performance thus far, we feel very comforted if you take the 9 months gone, that we think we will be solidly in that gross margin range for the company for 2013. And of course, you can imagine that as we go forward into 2014, even though I said in the release that we have literally just started our budgeting process, but in the current more benign commodity environment that we have certainly seen this year and so far moving into next year, we're going to continue to expect and see progress on the gross margin line, both for the world and indeed, for Latin America, even including Venezuela.
Ian M. Cook: Well, thanks for the question, Ian. The -- we rank sales growth and profit growth equal number 1. Look, on the Hill's business, we're extremely pleased with the progress thus far. And I think when we first talked about seeing Hill's return to mid-single-digit organic growth, we talked about it on the back of some strong innovation, which would be well received and indeed, has been well received by the customers that we work with in this space. And we said there was going to be an investment in formulation to accomplish that. So yes, to your point, check. We have recovered the top line growth. We continue to get very strong support from those customers, indeed growing support, which is encouraging. And I think that perhaps that growing support traces to the trial and more importantly, the repeat levels that we are obtaining for that innovation, which is quite robust. And most importantly, as Bina outlined in her prepared remarks, the pace of innovation on the Hill's business is now not episodic but indeed planned for and will continue out in time. So the margin investment was a conscious one, but we have specifically said that we will rebuild the Hill's gross margin to the historic levels and are planning accordingly. And we will see that develop over the next several years, beginning in 2014.
Ian M. Cook: The market share for global toothpaste was 45%. It was modestly down because of market share declines in a couple of key geographies. One was Mexico, although it's still over 80%. And the other one, which you see, I think, in the Nielsen data, is here in the U.S. where we have selectively, but not completely, responded to in-market promotional activity. And in China, we manage both of our businesses to different consumer segments. And I would say, from a recent market share point of view, the majority of the growth has been driven by the Darlie brand in China. And we're still thrilled to be approaching a 34 market share as a company.
Ian M. Cook: Wow, that's a very broad question, John. Let me try and be as specific as I can. First of all, when we think about brand engagement with our consumers, frankly, we think about it holistically. And as I've said before, even though it may not be popular because there's still this feeling that if it goes to trade spending, it's bad advertising and if it comes below the line, as we were all brought up, it is somehow good advertising. The fact of the matter is with the techniques available to you today, you can foster some incredible engagement that is brand building and trial generating with our consumers at the retail level. So first of all, we do think about it holistically. And yes, our advertising has increased, but so has our total commercial investment. The second thing, then, is we build our advertising from the ground up, which is to say behind the brand building and innovation programs that we have scheduled for any planning period and the advertising ebbs and flows behind those initiatives and obviously, strives to be competitive, as you say, from a market share and a share of voice, not totally mechanistically because there are some principles in terms of how you spend your money with competitors. And we would say that our advertising, up 40 basis points for the company, is up where it needs to be up. It is very much growing in the emerging markets behind the rate of growth that we are seeing there but also in some of the key developed markets, depending on our business programs. And as you know, from an A to S point of view, it can be misleading because cost of media varies greatly from country to country. And that is why sometimes the absolute-to-sales ratio differs. But we're very pleased to be able to keep increasing our advertising to sales level in fairly solid ways, we believe. And we do believe, in terms of maintaining the base business and building trial on new innovation, we're spending the money smarter, faster and more efficiently.
Ian M. Cook: Let's answer the second one first because that is, I would say, more importantly, and the answer is, it is a seasonal blip, I assume that's a technical term, which is entirely related to the timing of activity. Obviously, we had very strong activity in North America in the second quarter, as we did last year. But this year, of course, it was behind the mouth rinse that we brought new to the marketplace. So this is not a permanent change in strategy. It is timing related. The CapEx, no, the CapEx is certainly not shifting between quarters, but it is a reflection, I think as we said at the beginning with our Global Growth and Efficiency Program, that we would see our traditional 3% to 4% CapEx move up into the 3.5% to 4.5%, probably at the higher end of that range in the near term, as we undertake some of our capital projects directly related to the Global Growth and Efficiency Program. So planned for, part of the program and as Bina said earlier, very much on track.
Ian M. Cook: Well, I think a few things to say and we have said these things before. First of all, the absolute category rate of growth is low single digits. That has not changed in the U.S. environment. Secondly, we have seen and we have said this before, some levels of short-term activity that we choose not to pursue on the mouth rinse. It is early innings. Actually, we're very pleased to be north of 7 in terms of market share, and we know on that business the trial and repeats are very good. So we have good ambition for the continued progress of that business going forward. And I think the most important point to make is to reiterate the fact that for the entirety of the third quarter, the consumption, Colgate's consumption, which is to say consumer purchases from retail, was ahead for the entire quarter of the market rate of growth and again, towards the end of the quarter actually accelerated as we exited the quarter. So when you look at a volume number that is shipment-to rather than purchases-of, the variance there, as I said earlier, is timing of marketplace activity at retail with retailers. The important number is the strength of the consumption number, which I know several of you have commented on in some of your Nielsen reports.
Ian M. Cook: Sure, sure. The -- let's take the second one first. As we said in -- or as I said in the quote in our earnings release, we have basically just begun our budgeting process for 2014. And I made the comment that we are targeting double-digit dollar increase in EPS at current spot rates. Now obviously, we're going to work through our budgeting process, but those are our goals for 2014. Clearly, what we see on the landscape is a slightly more benign commodity environment than we have seen historically. And obviously, which is the reason we did it proactively when we announced it in the fourth quarter of 2012, we have a Global Growth and Efficiency Program that is running over a 4-year period that we said when we announced it, would provide a little bit of cushion or protection against events in the world. And so we have that as we go into 2014 and the out years. And our current planning is that Venezuela will continue to be the -- in the position it is in today, which, as you will see in the Q, is about 4% of our global sales and about 3% of our operating profit. And we have not, and we did not previously, assumed a devaluation of Venezuela in any way because one doesn't know timing. One doesn't know level. What we can say and what we have said before on these calls is that you can rest assured that business is being managed appropriately. And I think we have always been prompt and timely and comprehensive in updating the market should an event occur in Venezuela. So that's the way we are thinking about 2014 as we begin our budgeting process in that regard. Now coming back to your first comment, we're actually pleased with our overall market share progress on toothpaste. I think Bina spoke about Mexico, about India, about China. Russia was in our remarks. Some terrific share progress; in some cases, very, very strong share progress, which we think portends for the long term. In Mexico, and I was just down in Latin America, in Brazil and Mexico, we saw some short-term elevated promotional activity, which we reacted in part but not completely to. And I feel confident that, that will turn around. And the same comment relative to the U.S., which you will see in the Nielsen data, and we believe innovation-led, that will turn around going forward as well. So we do not have any systemic concern about our share progress. We know exactly where the short-term issues are, and it really is how dramatically do you want to go after promotional activity that you don't judge to be appropriate, shall we say, in terms of building categories for the long term. So we're in this business for the long term, and we believe that toothpaste share will continue to grow, as is our mouthwash share, as is our toothbrush share, where we're beginning to take more and more market leadership positions, Mexico, in the U.S. in manual toothbrushes being of the 2 most recent. So we believe that we will recover that, and we believe that is consistent with our long-term strategy. Thanks for the question.
Ian M. Cook: Well, we certainly -- you look at the gross margin we have this quarter and I think we feel pretty good about delivering that 60% near-term goal in the not too distant future. But actually, as you raised the question, why don't I take the opportunity, as we normally do, to give you a roll forward of the gross profit analysis for the third quarter. The gross profit in the prior year, 2012, was 58.6%. Pricing in this third quarter of 2013 added 40 basis points. Our Funding the Growth savings gave us 240 basis points, which was actually ahead of the third quarter pace last year. And you know well, Mark, that the Funding the Growth savings tend to build quarter by quarter over the year. We had a headwind of 220 basis points of material price. That was split between the commodity costs and transaction costs because of foreign exchange as we have said before. And then there were 20 basis points of ins and outs, which got us to the 59% or plus 40, which we're quite pleased with. And as I said earlier in the call, I think we would characterize the commodity environment as relatively benign, at least as we begin our planning process, which is a favorable. And our going in position, which was determined a little while ago, was to peg oil at $110 for 2014. Now that's Brent. Today, as you know, it's drifting around the $107, $108, but it's a brave man or woman that predicts the price of oil going forward. So we're quite happy with that projection going in.
Ian M. Cook: Well, let's take the second point first because I'm not going to answer the first point. The -- when we think about our businesses, as you rightly say, Joe, we think about it in terms of the categories in which we do business. And as we have said for a long time, for a company that has 53% of its business in those higher-growth emerging markets, we continue to see category growth rates, our categories, in the mid to high single digits, sometimes a tad better than that but certainly, solidly, in the mid-to-high single digits. And we see the category growth in the developed world in the low single digits. And I would venture to say, although I wouldn't want to take this as irrational exuberance, that there are some indications from the European environment that maybe we are reaching the bottom here. But still, our general thinking is that the Europe and North America will be growing low single digits. Yes, we are growing market share, and that, on top of that mix of growth rates, we believe, puts us in the position to deliver the kind of growth this year that many, at the beginning of the year, did not feel was probable. And so we continue to look to drive next year based on our innovation plans category by category, and obviously, we'll be able to see -- to say more when we speak to you in the New Year once we have been through that process and closed out this year. Now in terms of that commodity environment, we have literally just begun our planning process. As we have said many times, our belief is that you build categories by building brands, which is a combination of building your base business and adding relevant innovation. We do not believe that the short-term pricing activity accomplishes that nor do we believe it is rational or sustainable. So I think the approach we have for 2014, which is the same as the approach we have for any year, is to build what we believe is a business-building program rich with innovation that will drive the top line of the company, and the bottom line as well, which is the start point for our budgeting process underway.
Ian M. Cook: Well, to answer directly the second half of the question, the answer is no, it does not change the strategy one iota. Frankly, Michael, as you are probably aware, all companies go through a process with the SEC relative to their 10-K filing where comments are made and a dialogue between companies and the SEC is undertaken. And we ended up in a very constructive conversation about the growing importance of Africa and Eurasia in our world and concluded, in conjunction with the SEC, that it would be appropriate to separate those businesses purely from a reporting visibility point of view. And that is what we have done. So you can now see that Latin America, Asia and Africa/Eurasia are growing high single digits from an organic point of view.
Ian M. Cook: Well, I think, to answer your second question first, the answer is that the acid-neutralizing toothpaste we initially launched in Turkey at the IADR that was held in Turkey. As Bina said, we have -- we're just going to market now in Brazil. Frankly, given the prevalence of the disease condition, you will more likely see our global expansion go to the emerging markets first because that's where there is the greatest need and we believe, the greatest potential. So our planning would see us do that. And relative to the EPS, yes, we would be comfortable with the upper end of that range.
Ian M. Cook: Yes, it's a very interesting question, Lauren, and I don't have a precast answer for it. The way we're approaching this is, I mean, it remains the world's biggest oral hygiene condition. And so our marketing approach here is a little bit different than a traditional innovation, which is to say we are working very diligently to engage both global and more especially, local health organizations and in countries, health ministries, to be able to inculcate good oral hygiene habit relative to cavity. Now in Brazil, for example, we are enrolling the support, and I won't mention how many because it's an impressive number, of community health people who are essentially government employees to help take this technology and the benefit it can provide to rural communities and schools to really make the superior benefit that this anti-cavity toothpaste can bring, 20% reduction shown clinically for the product, to try and boost oral hygiene. Now whether that will lead to category growth by increased consumption or I mean, one would hope so, but I don't have any empirical evidence to suggest it, but certainly the marketing approach we are using is seeking to do things a little bit differently than we have done. We will learn our way from the initial markets and hopefully, be even more progressively stronger in terms of how we engage local education groups and health ministries to really make a push on advancing the reduction of cavities as a global problem.
Ian M. Cook: Maybe, but I think that's going to be a long, slow, steady journey. And were it to happen, it would be accretive.
Ian M. Cook: Well, I think in the main, those that relate to overhead, we have been very public about whether it is facility rationalization in Europe, whether it is regard to some of the co-locations that we have undertaken in Europe and, even though it doesn't affect our performance this year, including the relocation of our facility in Morristown, New Jersey, to Carolina, which won't actually provide a benefit this year but will in the future. So those are the principal changes that have taken place from the overhead point of view. And then, of course, you have the very good growth that we have seen in the gross margin, which is a combination of our Funding the Growth programs. And they would be the 2. And when I talked about co-location, I guess the other way we have talked about co-location is the notion of hubbing, which is this idea of grouping operating units around sort of a mother core, which we have been doing for 15 years now, starting in Central America. And we know it strengthens, as Bina called it, our winning on the ground capability, while at the same time saving us money.
Ian M. Cook: Wow. Well, to the second point, Jason, it can, and we have seen it in other markets, only be short-term promotional activity. So I don't want to be flippant, but we're very comfortable with both our short-term performance in China and the combination of promotion and more importantly, innovation-led growth that will continue in all parts of the world. You may recall that our principal competitors saw their share drop from the mid-20s to below 18%, which maybe is why one sees short-term promotion reaction. But I don't really have any additional comment to offer on that. Government endorsement, I think one has to be careful. We clearly have endorsement from local dental associations. We have support from global health authorities, and we have the support of a whole cadre of key opinion leaders from many different geographies around the world who have been taken through in great detail the clinical prowess of the product. In Brazil, we do indeed have an exclusive relationship with these government health workers to try and improve oral hygiene. We had done something similar in Granada. So it is support and endorsement to eradicate cavities, but that is different from kind of a seal of approval endorsement that you get from a dental association. But I think it attests to the kind of collaborative stance we're trying to take to work to seriously attack a disease condition, in fact, the most severe disease condition in oral hygiene.
Ian M. Cook: Oh, that's me. The -- so listen. It was great to have the opportunity to share what we believe continue to be very, very good top and bottom line worldwide progress. I thank you for your questions and interest in the company. And as we always like to say on these calls, we particularly thank, as Bina said, the Colgate people around the world, some of whom you meet, but these are the people that make all this happen, and we deeply appreciate it. So talk to you next year.
