Ian Cook: Yes. Thanks for the question, Dara. I think in terms of the way we are advancing the business, we think we’re focused on the right things. Innovation is clearly a way to reach today’s consumers and tomorrow’s consumers. And I think we have lots of examples of innovation that is connecting with those consumers. Interestingly, if we look at our market share data and household panel data we have, we see that our market shares with millennials are the same as our general market shares. In some geographies actually, they are higher and growing. So, we think innovation is a big part of what we need going forward. And we have stepped into now changing the shape of our portfolio as part of that innovation. And that may be the transfer of a global brand to a new geography or a new retail channel, as we have described or indeed the development of a local brand, either in response to a competitor, like Vedshakti in India now transferred under a name pronounced so well by John into Thailand. And I think that will continue. And we’ve also experimented as we talked about the last time with a lot of new leading edge innovation, which will find its place in the world one day. We think advertising is an important piece of it. And we do believe in those geographies where we are now seeing a consistent rebound and correction from issues we faced earlier that it is the combination of the advertising and the innovation and indeed our go-to-market execution in the case of Hill’s with e-commerce. So, that is making the difference and that is sustainable going forward. And finally, I would say, in changing the shape of the portfolio, think about the addition of PCA and Elta to our Personal Care offerings, much more in the skin health area, much more linking to the recommendation model that we know so well from our oral and pet nutrition businesses. So, we think we have quite an array of freshness in what we are bringing to the consumer and are focused on the right areas in terms of where those consumers are making their purchasing decisions. And that will continue. And again, I would like to stress the journey undertaken to get to the relaunch of Total next year, which will be a big shift in a core business in our overall portfolio. As regards for significant reinvestment, I think, given our commitment and our mindset towards growth, we certainly when we will give you our guidance on 2019, will reflect the stance that we have taken. But, I must say, our portfolio of activity coming into 2019, only of which Total is public right now is quite rich. And we will certainly invest at a level that we deem appropriate to drive the top-line of the Company, while making sure that we are taking the pricing and achieving the value necessary with the premiumization of our innovation to continue to build margin and offset commodity costs that we have certainly seen this year. So, simple summary, Dara, I would say, we will do what is right to continue our focus on recovering growth momentum in next year.
Ian Cook: Thanks, Olivia. Lot of questions there. Now, of course, when you take pricing, depending on the competitive context, you often see volatility in volume. We have experienced that before. And I guess, the point we are articulating is that given the inflationary pressures, pricing will be necessary and we will continue to focus on that going forward. As to the fourth quarter, I mean John commented on it. We do expect to see less destocking, whether that is a China or Brazil. And that will of course be a factor. We do expect our developed market performance to continue, given we think the benefit of the innovation and the advertising driving that. And we see that continuing in the fourth quarter. So, I guess, in simple terms, it is improvement from where we are in the emerging and a continuation of the developed. In China specifically, we do believe it’s destocking, not putting inventory to a new level. The category is still growing mid single digits in China. And although e-commerce generally, as other have said, has slowed in its compounding rate of growth as etailers take less inventory at the front end, it still continues to be a very high contributor to growth in China and other geographies.
Ian Cook: You came back. You got to the second -- yes, I didn’t hear anything on the second. So, start the second again.
Ian Cook: Yes, I did. I heard them very clearly. Thank you. So, Argentina, Argentina is not another Venezuela brewing. In Venezuela, as you well know Ali, you had an official exchange rate that was not the operating exchange rate. Argentina is a dollarized economy, and the exchange rate is the exchange rate and it will and is fixing itself. So, your stats are also wrong. Argentina last year was about 1% of our sales; those were the good old days. And the Argentina of today is more than half smaller than it was this time last year and is around 0.5% of our sales. So, basically, ex Argentina -- the Argentina contribution overall to our organic growth rounds to zero. But, I think the bigger answer to the question is, there is no issue brewing in Argentina. The exchange will take care of itself. Secondly, thank you for the constructive nature of the second question and -- I mean in terms of recognizing some of the issues that indeed one does face. But if you singularly say, what would we be self-critical of, the answer would be not moving as quickly on premiumization as we would want to. And we are now, as you know, fully engaged in that. But that requires, as I described for China, a bold move beyond simply changing the portfolio to move the pricing of our core businesses, and that brings with it some challenges, which we will work through. But, that focus now on premiumization is very well understood and being acted upon with good urgency across businesses and across geographies. And as we said, at Barclays, when we come with the Total relaunch, that is a terrific new technology, which brings additional benefits to the consumer and is a rich opportunity to deliver value and create value going forward. So, I think that’s the way I would respond, Ali. 
Ian Cook: Thanks Lauren for the questions. When we started on this journey, we were in typical Colgate fashion, a little bit conservative. The two drivers that set us on the journey. One was having the SAP enterprise-wide system that linked us across the world, which centers down the path of pushing more the administrative back office services in locations to service multiple geographies, because everybody would be connected by the same technology therefore have the visibility, and that would allow us to be cheaper and more efficient at the same time. And those moves, they’re never without their challenges in the implementation of them. But, we don’t have any we believe structural difficulties with them once they’re in place. And indeed what starts to happen is you see your way to bringing more services to those centers around the world. So, while we were cautious stepping into it, and we have built it up over the life of the plan, we think that was a correct decision, a good decision and one that is accruing benefit today and will too, for the future. Now, hubbing, we were particularly sensitive to. Because of course, and this may be the implication of the question, we are really focused on winning on the ground as a company, and that requires agility and focus and capability on the ground. And we -- and the way we do our financials and the way we incentivize people, we have been very, very careful to maintain both the passion and the economics in terms of compensation, focused against that winning on the ground. And when we started the hubbing, we did it with -- I think it was over a decade worth of experience in a couple of geographies, Nordic and Central America that we were building out from, where we had learned the pluses and the minuses. And what hubbing essentially allows you to do is yes, become more efficient, but it also allows you to have higher quality and higher cost talent on the strategic issues governing now multiple countries, while at the same time having adequate resources on the ground to manage what is managed on the ground, which is customers and consumers and brand building. And indeed, in some geographies, we have increased the resources we have on the ground to make sure we keep that contact with customers and consumers. So, I think from its inception, the thinking was sound, based on historical experience and learning. And of course, we have learned our way over the years, the program has been evolving, to make sure we executed a quite well. So, we think on both levels, this has been an appropriate and a wise choice for the Company.
Ian Cook: Well, thanks for the questions, Andrea. I think we’ve been quite clear over the last couple of calls that we have seen elevated promotional activity, specifically in the United States. And as John commented this morning, with electronic couponing, as before, we have adjusted our plans for the balance of the year to be more competitive in that space. We obviously will be very attentive to what unfolds in the marketplace, going forward, as everybody I think now faces the commodity cost pressures that require some prudence in terms of pricing whether price increases or lower promotional activity. So, we haven’t seen any change yet but we will be attentive.  From the European point of view, Europe has always been quite a challenged environment from a pricing point of view, and that has continued for several years. It is not a new phenomenon in Europe. And some of that has led to tensions with customers over the years. And we believe now we have our European business well-positioned in that European context. And as you intimate, obviously, our pricing negative was improving in the third quarter. And clearly, we will be very attentive to try and make sure, we can continue that trend as we go forward.
Ian Cook: Thanks, Bonnie. If we look at our categories generally, I think one would say, if you take a global snapshot, Europe is flat to modestly up. The U.S. is probably between 2 and 3, if you include all channels. That is certainly an improvement from recent history. Latin America is choppy, given the economic volatility there. And as we discussed earlier in Brazil in particular, there has been, as the years has unfolded, a definite slowdown in categories, both value and volume, moving to negative in the third quarter as we said. And in the Africa/Eurasia and Asia parts of the world, I think that mid-single-digit you 4% to 6% category growth continues to be the case. I will say that -- and John talked about it this morning, that in Latin America, we have seen pockets of elevated promotional activity. I intimated to it when I talked about pricing that some competitors take advantage of a leader pricing to perhaps grab a little bit of volume in the short term. But, I think our assessment that inflation will is and will continue to come back; and secondly, the underlying foreign exchange and commodity cost pressures will demand that competitors and particularly the Latin geographies will need to take pricing to offset those headwinds, and that would be our thinking going forward.
Ian Cook: Okay. Yes. Well, I guess, I’m not surprised you’re shocked. I’m surprised, you’re surprised by my reaction. Let me come back to the market shares. The share you see there on a roll-up basis, the 41.9, on a year-on-year basis is down something like 130 basis points. The challenge with that Wendy, and it’s been a challenge for, frankly, over the last five years is that there is an enormous foreign exchange component in that. And as the U.S. dollar strengthens, our extremely strong, for example, Latin American market shares become down-weighted, as part of that mix. So, there is a foreign exchange mix effect and indeed year-on-year our market share is in fact down less than half of that 1.3. Secondly, our volume share is down again, less than half our volume share decline is about 0.3 on a comparable year-to-date basis. And indeed, from a volume point of view, 1 in 2 toothpaste tubes sold are under Colgate ownership around the world. Now that said, are we happy with any share deterioration? Answer, no, we are not. But, we have said a few things. Number one, that in some parts of the world, I think Mexico, we quoted up one-time earlier this year, when promotional activity, the point is being cash margin dilutive, we will not match. And when you don’t match, you lose market share. The same in the United States. And in Asia, it was a different matter. In Asia, it was local brands that we have had to meet. And recovering against those local brands is taking sometime. But, we are encouraged by the progress in India. And if I look at some of our major markets now around the world as the year unfolds, John mentioned the UK back to positive share; we are seeing positive share progression in Russia. We’re seeing recent shares up in Mexico. Because now the innovation that we are bringing, the consistent support of the advertising, frankly having to match some of the promotions to a certain extent are seeing us build back shares where we have been under share pressure. We are absolutely focused on that. And I don’t know what else to say other than I take the point, we understand the point, we are all over the point country-by-country, tracking it literally month-by-month and much to the pleasure o some week-by-week, depending on the geography. And we think again that the relaunch of Total at the beginning of next year and all of the oral care activity, we have behind that is another step in maintaining that focus. So, I will promise to be more excitable when I talk about market share in the future. As for Boston, yes, you didn’t hear right. And, maybe one needs to be a lot more emphatic in the delivery, but we were quite clear we thought in signaling. It was on the slides that foreign exchange was going to be a big headwind and that commodities were indeed ramping up aggressively, obviously influenced by the foreign exchange impact of transaction costs. So, my answer to your second part of the question is I guess I’m surprised, you missed that.
Ian Cook: It’s a simple answer, Jason. It’s predominantly Germany. And again, without going into too much detail, it is customer related. And again, if I were going to focus on the period shares, the most recent period is beginning to return. It’s as simple as that.
Ian Cook: Yes. Thanks Caroline. For the third quarter, the commodity costs were up just over 8% and our logistics costs were up just over 5%. And yes, you heard correctly, we expect that to continue. And frankly, foreign exchange could be more negative for the balance of the year and that would see transaction pressure on costs as well. So, we do expect the cost pressure for the balance of this year to continue. Yes. There is of course the effect of those materials that start life as oil. And we are seeing that as others are. Hedging, we tend to be light on hedging. Many of the raw materials we buy in categories where you can hedge, and we do hedge our Hill’s business, materials against the formula on a rotational basis. But for most of the rest, we rely on our ability to price when we need to as the only logical and available offset to cost pressures.
Ian Cook: Wow, that’s a very deep and philosophical question, Steve. It is -- one has to be careful about the language one uses, I think. I can remember and I have mentioned this before, there was a time when we were under pressure in a particular geography. I won’t go into the specific details, but our first reaction was, we’re not panicking, we’re staying calm, and the market read that as you’re not taking it seriously. And the next time one responded, one said boy, we’re really focused on this and we’re going to meet on the beaches. And the market reaction was well now you’re panicking, does that mean we should be worried about something else? So, I think my answer, Steve would be, and again this combination of innovation and advertising, which is the heart of building brands and capabilities and going where the consumers are shopping to make those brands and that portfolio available to them is where we need to be focused. And we need to do everything in our power, and we truly are to accelerate the return we get from that focus. And I’m afraid, sometimes it’s not as quick as people would want; it’s not as quick as we would want sometimes. But, I do think in the end, building the brand, so sustainable fix is the right way to go about it. And if we find ways of expanding our portfolio as we did with PCA and Elta that is on strategy, we clearly will bring that to bear. So, I would say a heck of a lot of internal urgency but linked to that urgency is focus, focus on what we believe to be the right things category-by-category, geography-by-geography, store-by-store, etailer-by-etailer. And again, I think the total relunch in the first quarter of next year is a very important part of our oral care business, will be a meaningful step under our control developed over many years to advance that business and with it, the company.
Ian Cook: Thanks very much, Kevin. I guess, as far as one can responsibly go on a call like this, which is a public call, I think a fair way to answer it is, I think it is fair to say that everybody in the industry understands that there are cost pressures. And all players in the industry are going to have to find ways that are consistent with their strategy and their relationships with their retail partners to do that. And that can be a combination of a lot of things from efficiency, to revised promotional calendars, to premium innovation, to different promotional activity. And yes, indeed, to a price increase. And we obviously partner very closely with our key retailers here in United States. And we are very attentive in working with them to bring value to consumers that they see and they think it’s good value to pay for. And that’s what drives our thinking in this space including the total relaunch coming next year. And I think we were one of the ones earlier than many, saying this commodity cost trend was real and the industry would need to be responsive. So, you can rest assured we will be both attentive and responsive.
Ian Cook: I think on China, a good question, Bill. No, I don’t think we’re talking about a once a year destock in China. I think, the emergence of online created turbulence and destocking and has now complicated the distribution channels in China, particularly the indirect distribution channels. Because candidly, some of the online players now have distribution systems themselves. So, retailers in the chain can buy from four or five different sources, which is very different than when the e-commerce phenomenon began in China last year. So, it’s a different impact now, really driven by us taking pricing now into a more complicated distribution structure and needing the pricing to equivalize and work its way through the system before we can get the new pricing on shelf with indirect customers. So, that’s a very different reason for the destocking. And as I said, this one is going to take a little bit of time in that indirect trade. But we expect it to get better from here. And when we talked about Total being the first quarter of next year, the way we signaled it at Barclays, Bill, was that the global rollout of this activity would begin in the first quarter of next year. So, that doesn’t say that all of the activity is happening in the first quarter. But yes, of course, when we do bring such an important initiative with such technology and greater value, we will be investing very diligently to make sure all stakeholders are aware of and get a chance to try the product.
Ian Cook: Yes. Very good question, Mark. Look, we think about it, and what we’ve been trying to telegraph is that advertising builds brands over time. And so, our thinking from a growth point of view is to continue to support our equities and the core and base businesses behind those equities, and of course, build the awareness to generate trial of innovation. So, we will be deploying advertising, our thinking, we haven’t yet begun our budgeting process to what we can measure and regard as effective levels to do the job of maintaining the strength of the underlying equity and building awareness and trial for new products, including the shift to digital and not forgetting commitment to the consumption building programs that we have in the emerging markets, which deliver benefit over a longer period of time. So that’s the way we tend to think about it. And I would venture to say, as we work our way through our budgeting process that will be the way we will think about it for 2019. So, thanks everybody for your questions. And I wish a good rest of the day. And we look forward to catching up with you the early part of next year.
