Noel Wallace: Good morning, Dara. Let me start with taking a step back on, as you referenced, 2008, 2009 and reaffirm some of the strengths that allowed us to emerge through that crisis stronger. The portfolio of our business is very strong in recessions, as you well know. We have price points across the full continuum, particularly our core businesses. Playing on your comment around the professional endorsements that historically played very well for us and will continue to play very well for us during this crisis, particularly given the scientific nature of our products, and the efficacy of our products, and I wouldn't expect given that some people will not be visiting the profession, the strength of the brand will be altered in any way during that period. The brand continues to be very, very strong, and our endorsements from the professional all over the world continue to be strong. So I don't anticipate that we'll have any issues certainly some of our business moving through the profession will be impacted in the short-term, but long-term the brand strength will continue to prevail in this in this period of time. Moving on to the category, listen, we've seen a lot of volatility in the categories. Hence, one of the reasons that we pulled guidance. There's a lot of uncertainties as things jump up and down. But rest assured people are still brushing their teeth. And as you've seen, people are still taking a lot of showers and washing their hands. In some categories, we expect the behavior change to be quite consistent over the next couple months. Liquid hand soap bar soap, bar cleaners, we've seen a real acceleration in consumption in those categories. And our anticipation is those will continue. Oral Care has been negative as some of the pipeline comes out from February and March and April. But we expect that category will come back, particularly as economies start to loosen up and you get more and more traffic coming back in the stores. As you've seen, we've had tremendous growth in e-commerce. That was what we discussed at the CAGNY, a big, big focus area for us over the last nine months. We put a lot of resources into that space. We're really learning. Obviously, the Hill's business is best-in-class. We're transferring those learnings around the world. So we're getting consumption in the categories that you're seeing quite weak in brick-and-mortar coming through in e-commerce now. And certainly, that will play well for us longer term. So overall, categories will come back, a lot of volatility right now in emerging markets. I was on the phone this morning with our Asia team, and they're seeing things come back quite nicely. We're about 75% of where they were pre-crisis, but that has stepped up meaningfully over the last six weeks or so. And so overall, we'll see categories come back, but it's about getting store traffic back and getting some of the economy solution. But overall, looking okay.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Thanks, Andrea. So let's take North America first. Obviously, significant spikes in March relative to consumption, a lot of the panic buying, but more importantly, some of the trends I articulated earlier around how we're seeing consumption increase in certain categories like bar soap, like liquid hand soap, like floor cleaners. And that has continued through April, as John said. We've seen strong category growth in those specific areas. Obviously, some of the momentum that we're seeing in April is replenishing inventories that were at very low levels coming out of March, particularly in those high-demand categories. Conversely, in categories where we saw pantry loading like Oral Care, we've seen the categories come down in consumption as you would expect, given the pantry load that was in March, and no specific reason why consumers would be brushing their teeth more. So it would be what you expect. Categories where consumers are using them more, good consumption and categories that were driven by some of the panic buying has slowed down, and in fact, are negative in April. And that would be consistent for both Europe and the U.S.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Thanks, Wendy. Let me take Hill's. Obviously, as John mentioned, the Hill's success, once again, in the quarter was extraordinary. And I think it really points to the underlying strength of that business: one, great core innovation; two, great efficacious scientific brands that play really well in the marketplace; and three, an incredibly adept organization around winning digitally and winning online. Specifically online, to your question, their business was up in excess of the company growth, which was around 54%, 55% for total Colgate. Hill's was up 57% in the quarter and saw good progress across particularly some of the key initiatives they implemented with some of the brick-and-mortar retailers, which was unusual, given some of the struggles that, that retail environment had. But overall, great growth on Hill's. It's a high -- it's in the teens in terms of percent of sales. It continues to grow, obviously, and the success we've had with some of the Science Diet relaunch, particularly in some of the pure-play retailers has been quite notable. Moving on to China, all the strategies, Wendy, that we put in place that we've talked about over the last 18 months or so, repositioning the portfolio, moving significant structural changes relative to moving from brick-and-mortar to online, both in resource and capabilities, all of that is playing out really well for us. We've stepped up our innovation, particularly in the online space. You heard John talk about Miracle Repair. I did get some good news this morning that the Darlie franchise has returned to the number one share of market brand in the country. We had lost share market to Yunnan Baiyao, the local player. We have returned to leadership in March, which is terrific. Shares are up for both Colgate and Darlie in March. We're seeing good progression there, particularly in the online space. More work to do on Colgate. However, the significant repositioning of the portfolio will happen in the back half of this year. But structurally, we've made all the changes that we think are necessary to win. And as I mentioned earlier, I think big brands are going to win in this environment, whether it's in Asia or anywhere around the world, the proven efficacy positioning the scientific knowledge that we have and how we communicate that in our brand purpose, particularly around our core businesses, will bode well moving forward.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Historically, we handle these crisis is quite well in emerging markets, given the pricing power that we have. So, let's talk a little bit about our strategy right now, which we think will modify slightly as we see some of the recessionary pressures come. Obviously, a lot of opportunity for us in the premium side of the business. We've been discussing that with you for the last 18 months or so, how much upside we have on premium innovation. That will continue to happen as I mentioned. But we will dial up more of our core innovation, particularly given the price points that we have and the size of those businesses in emerging markets. And those tend to be the opening price points in many big markets, whether it's Mexico, Brazil or India. So you'll see more innovation coming in that space, and we're doing a lot of things very, very quickly to adapt to some of the consumer behavior changes we've seen, particularly around the importance of health and hygiene and how that plays out with some of our products. Interesting, as we've gone through the last couple of months, our focus on the Total relaunch, particularly the antibacterial positioning and long-lasting antibacterial benefit that product provides has benefited us greatly in the last six weeks. We've seen some of our big markets, whether it be Brazil, Mexico, U.K., we've seen the premium innovation on Total working. So moving forward a little bit more on core, continue to focus on premium side, but we think we're positioned well for the emerging markets. Now obviously, we can't anticipate how much unemployment will be in some of these markets or potential lockdowns that we'll see coming from COVID, but the portfolio, at least how we're positioning it, we'll be well positioned for the emerging trends that we'll see there. Likewise, the same in India and Eastern Europe, there will be no change. The strategy will be consistently executed around the world, locally adapted as necessary. But we don't see that changing based on any of the markets. China would be perhaps the exception, given some of the portfolio strategies that we'll be adopting in the back half and the specific needs of that market. Your second question around LatAm pricing, again, it's -- obviously, the devaluation has been significant. So we've got a couple of things that we're looking at. Obviously, we've taken pricing. You saw that in the first quarter. We will continue to take pricing, but it will get a little bit more difficult, particularly in the current environment. We've had opportunities to dial back on promotions in some of those markets as we see, obviously, store traffic down. So we've been quite prudent. On how we're thinking about promotional spend, a lot of work on revenue growth management and price pack architecture, particularly now as we move into a recessionary environment. So, we'll see more of that happening. And a little bit more benign pricing environment -- excuse me, material pricing environment moving forward, we think the combination of all of that will allow us to continue to maintain the integrity of the LatAm P&L and maintain the investment, which is still important for us to emerge stronger coming out of this.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Thanks, Olivia. So as I just mentioned, we're -- we've been doubling down on innovation for the better part of 18 months now. And it's interesting as a management team, as we've gone into this, we've obviously been looking specifically at what innovation is right for the current environment. We will be moving some things around as necessary. We're dialing up some areas. We've orchestrated a series of teams internally to work specifically around some of the common truth that we're seeing, particularly in the health and hygiene spaces: one, how we adopt our portfolio; and two, how we accelerate innovation moving into this. What's interesting is we have just a long history of great clinical studies and claims and science behind our products that we think we can pull out of the jaws and use in this current environment, great formulations with great science and claims that will play into health and hygiene. So we think very appropriate for us to look at our innovation and modify it as necessary moving forward. And the key focus for us here is agility and doing this really, really quickly. So you'll start to see some of that innovation come to the market in the back half of this year already that wasn't necessarily there before. Some of the bigger premium innovations, as I mentioned, will stay. We will alter those based on some of the spacing, whether it's moving out later in the third quarter, so to speak, versus earlier to allow some normalization, particularly in some of our key markets where we see store traffic down quite considerably right now. So that will happen. Continuing to support the business, we've always done that during tough times, and we've come out of it stronger as a result. The brands have emerged stronger. We see competition spending quite a bit, at least on the media side, a lot more movement for us in the digital and e-commerce space, which we're putting a lot more money in. And I think you can see the results that we generated in the first quarter. Certainly, that shift of resources and spending in e-commerce is paid out for. So marketing spending will be prudent and thoughtful moving forward to be sure. But we'll continue to support our brands, which we believe is in the best interest of generating the long-term growth that we want to deliver.
Noel Wallace: Sure, Kevin. And -- the obvious is we have a very large soap business globally, one of our bigger categories. We obviously have a large liquid hand soap business, particularly in Europe and the U.S. We don't talk a lot about our Home Care business, but we have a very strong Home Care business in Latin America as well as in Europe and growing really quickly in North America. All those businesses, we're seeing behavior changes that we think will stick moving forward. I mean, consumers will wash their hands more, people staying at home will be cleaning their floors more. Obviously, people are washing their clothing more. So our fabric softener business will benefit from that. So categories where we see behavior change, we compete in quite a few of them. Obviously, people aren't going to stop brushing their teeth. And that will continue to be obviously a growth opportunity moving forward for us, but we don't see any sizable changes there. We'll see more volatility in the Oral Care space, I think, because you probably see more pantry loading in terms of how people are buying products coming in and out of the category less frequently. So obviously, as we think about innovation, we'll have to time that innovation quite carefully and be quite prudent on that. So overall, our categories are positioned quite well. Obviously, skin health is an area where we've seen quite a bit of disruption in, whether it be travel retail or some of our pharmacy business in Europe as well as our derm business here in the U.S. And we're working very closely with those teams, particularly in the area of telehealth, working on opportunities to continue to engage those communities so they can serve their customers with product online. We talked about the Hill's to Home model that we've been driving over the last year, which has done very, very well for Hill's. We're expanding that into our skin health business in order to stimulate demand at both institutions and spas as well as derms. So, overall, we'll see that category go through a bumpy road, we think, over the next couple months, six months or so. But if you go back to 2008 and 2009, you know, it took more or less nine months to 12 months for that category to come back. The basic fundamentals for skin health long term are still really, really good. It's a highly profitable category. So long-term, we're very comfortable with where we are, but we'll make the necessary changes in the short-term in skin health.
Noel Wallace: Yes. Thanks, Bill. So again, as I mentioned in my prepared commentary, it's been inspiring to watch our supply chain around the world deal with this. And we have discussions internally how important some of the crisis management meetings that we have throughout the year to deal with contingency planning and risk mitigation. And all of that really prevailed during these difficult times. It's the global supply chain and the standardization that we have and how we operate it, while globally is still very local, we're able to shift resources very, very quickly. So as I mentioned, right out of the gate, when China started to struggle, we shifted resources into Europe immediately. And we're able to supply everywhere that China was supplying out of Europe. Likewise, as Europe started to be challenged or Latin America or US started to be challenged, we were able to shift back to Asia. So there's a lot of flexibility in our supply chain and the credit to the team. A lot of work goes into that, to be sure. Some of the incremental volumes that we've seen, obviously, we pushed to contractors, that comes out of the lower margin. But moving forward, as we work on some of these standardization opportunities that I mentioned, for instance, working with some of our key trade partners to simplify our portfolios, that will allow us to reduce the SKUs that we're producing and bring some of that production back in-house, where we can elevate capacity based on the simplification efforts that come through that. Obviously, strategically, we're also looking at investing in some of these categories to expand capacity as required moving forward to ensure that we can meet the demand that we see ongoing. So, short-term, we anticipate that there's some margin implications with the costs associated with COVID, whether it's logistics or some of the contract that we have longer term or we'll bring that back in-house and find ways to continue to deliver the margin that's accretive to the business.
Noel Wallace: So, Steve, as I mentioned, these -- we've been around for a long, long time. Colgate, we've dealt with a lot of crisis and depressions and even pandemics at one point in time. So, this is obviously very unusual, and there's a lot of unpredictability, which is, obviously, you've heard in the print throughout the last two weeks, but we continue to focus on the fundamentals, which we've been building for the last two years to strengthen our business. So, it's building `brands with purpose, and that's the reason why we will continue to invest behind our brands. We've always found that our ability to innovate and invest in difficult times allows us to emerge with strong brands and strong income statements as we come out of this. And we'll continue to do that. We've stepped up our productivity measures as you've heard me talk about quite often. We're using digital very differently across the company, the collaboration tools that we put in place going into this based on the Google suite of tools has been, just quite frankly, extraordinary to get 10,000 people working day one virtually was, I think, a testament to our IT organization and what we've been able to do there, likewise, using technology to drive more productivity in our closings, so all of that will continue to dial up as we go through this. Relative to the incentive structure, we'll continue to be focused on organic sales and obviously, bottom line profitability. That continues to be the focus for the company. You've seen the reacceleration of our business over the last six quarters. Even with some of the pantry, we accelerated our organic sales in the quarter, both from a Hill's standpoint and from a Colgate standpoint. So, the underlying fundamentals for the business, we believe, are quite strong. And continuing to invest in them, continuing to build capabilities, as I mentioned earlier, in spaces like digital, e-commerce and analytics, we believe will position us extremely well coming out of this.
Noel Wallace: Yes. Thanks, Lauren. It really depends on the category. I mean, obviously, some of the ones I mentioned earlier like liquid hand soap and bar soap, we will expect in emerging markets, for instance, liquid hand soap penetration to grow. Those are fundamentally bar soap markets. But the efficiency and hygiene nature of liquid hand soap may lend itself to increase band penetration. Products like spray cleaners and wipes, we'll see more penetration grow, and we're expanding those as well. So there are certain categories where we see certainly the opportunity to grow penetration, particularly ones that are -- provide an efficiency or an added value, and that will be our focus. Consumption in those categories, likewise, will probably offset some of the pricing pressures that you'll see in some of those markets. We typically found not significant trade down in recessions, but you do get some for sure. And we've been able to deal with that with revenue growth management, obviously, a focus on innovating behind the core, which is, as I mentioned earlier, usually at opening price points. And that allows us to take pricing in those categories. Price pack architecture and recessions has always worked quite effectively for us. So it really depends on the category and the market. Overall, we'll probably see a little slowness or a reduction in terms of value growth. Volumes, as I mentioned, people don't stop brushing their teeth. And in categories, which we mentioned, we in fact, think we'll see an increase in consumption moving through this.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Nothing -- on the pricing front, obviously, in some of the emerging markets, we're going to be quite prudent and cautious on how we're looking at pricing. Although historically, we have been quite aggressive in taking -- we took pricing in the first quarter. That will obviously translate through the balance of the year. We have plans to continue to look at pricing, and we'll do that quite creatively, either through managing our gross to net much more efficiently, particularly given store traffic being down. We'll do that through some of our channel focus as well. We'll do that through some of our innovation in terms of price points, innovation at different price points. So, we have different mechanisms that we'll be using. We obviously will gauge what competitors are doing. But given some of our leadership positions in most of the emerging markets, our intent will be to lead pricing. And we've always done that, but we'll be mindful of how we do that, particularly given the sensitivity in the current environment. On the cost side, we see, obviously, costs being a little less of a headwind than they were in the year-ago period. We've seen resins obviously come down. But on the flip side, prices have gone up, ag prices have gone up. But net-net, we'll see less headwinds than we saw in the back half of last year. And we'll watch it all very carefully. As you've heard most others talk about, there's typically a six to nine month lag between the drop of oil prices and where we see the benefit moving through, through the P&L. But by and large, we'll see a better environment in the back half of the year. And as I mentioned earlier, we'll start to see some of those costs from COVID subside, particularly as we bring some of that production in-house and some of the panic buying becomes a little bit more predictable. Difficult at this stage to say that, but we expect it to become a little bit more predictable, which allow us to get a better line of sight on how we want to handle capacity planning for our facilities and our contractors. And bear in mind, Mark, one other point is, obviously, some of the logistics costs associated with this, we're doing everything we can to deliver the customer service that our partners or customers are looking for and there will be some added logistics costs that will come in the year-ago period as well associated with this.
Noel Wallace: So listen, it's straight to what we said in the commentary. The unpredictability of what we're seeing across the world is at a level that we've never seen before. Obviously, India, we didn't anticipate would shut down like it shut down. We had plants and distribution channels shut down for almost two weeks. They're obviously coming back online as we speak, but that had a significant impact at the back end of the quarter and has had a significant impact in April. And we can't predict exactly where it's going to happen. Obviously, we've seen things creep up in terms of the number of incidences in Brazil. So, what happens there going forward. So again, it's the unpredictability of what we're seeing all around the world. And you combine that with the continued strengthening of the dollar around the world and the foreign exchange headwinds that -- gives us pause. And we've seen, obviously, a lot of volatility, likewise, in some of the consumption numbers that we've been talking about throughout the call. They're jumping all over the place right now. And so it's very difficult to get a line of sight on how things are going to ultimately unfold. Yes, the fundamentals of our categories are good long-term, but the uncertainty with government regulations and disruptions moving forward, we think it's the prudent thing to hold our guidance at this stage. And we'll come back to you as soon as we can when we have a little bit more confidence on where things are headed.
Noel Wallace: Yes, Jason, listen, if you look at the weeklies, the monthlies on the categories all around the world, and I've got them here in front of me, they're all over the place on categories like Oral Care. Obviously, you've seen more consistency in categories like liquid hand soap and bar soap and cleaners. The biggest unknown force, in our view, is the degree of the recession that we're going to see all around the world. And you combine that with the foreign exchange headwinds that we're faced with right now and ability to take pricing, which has always been a challenge in an environment like this, although we've had great success there, this is unique and a bit different. So it's really the uncertainty that we're seeing and the disruptions that we're seeing. So again, if big markets start to get -- have more lockdowns, that creates a significant headwind for us. It creates a significant headwind for the category. If we see unemployment jump 10%, 15% in certain markets, we've not dealt with that in the past. That will have some impact on the value orientation of our categories as well. So all in all, there's uncertainty moving forward. We're trying to position ourselves as well as we can. We've got good experience on this, but there is significant unpredictability based on what I've outlined earlier.
Noel Wallace: Well, thanks, everyone. Obviously, unusual and unprecedented times, I want to once again thank all the Colgate people. It's inspiring to work with such an incredibly talented organization. We're greatly benefited by having a management team that has dealt with this level of uncertainty, but obviously, working hard to continue to deliver the results. And we look forward to having more discussions with everyone moving forward. Thanks, everyone. Be safe.
