Ian M. Cook: No, I would say that -- and several of us have been traveling quite extensively as you would imagine this year. And I would say that one is seeing slightly reduced levels of competitive activity everywhere you go, still elevated but lesser than in the past. And as I said on the previous call, if we can move into a situation where the competition is on innovation, this is the way we believe we are well equipped and would prefer to compete. But it's not limited to the U.S. I would say there are early indications in other geographies as well although still at elevated levels.
Ian M. Cook: Sure, Wendy. The answer is that it is as it was in the fourth quarter, entirely intentional. This is the trial-building investment spend behind Optic White and our other innovation initiatives in North of America -- North America. You will remember we said that in the fourth quarter. And that continues to be the case very much in the first quarter. And then as the year unfolds, that situation will improve. So a conscious decision to invest behind super premium innovation, which is allowing us to grow share, to grow the top line and to increase pricing for the second consecutive quarter in that geography.
Ian M. Cook: Okay, Linda. Let me come back to North America and be quite clear here. If you look at 2011, to your point, as I was saying earlier to Wendy, indeed our operating margin declined in the fourth quarter because of the investment spending behind the Optic White toothpaste. And it has stayed at a low level because of the continued investment behind the trial-building spending on Optic, and then will improve across the balance of the year, the balance of the year being 2012 and not 2011. If you take the volume for the balance of the year, we're actually extremely pleased with the way this year started and the balance we have between volume and pricing. In fact, ex-divested, the volume in the first quarter for the total company was 4.4%, and that is with the pricing that we garnered as well. And as Bina said, we did that without impacting our market share progression. Indeed our market shares improved. So I think the first quarter is indeed a good indicator that we can continue that pace for the balance of the year, that 6% to 7% organic growth that we talked about on the fourth quarter. And that's largely related to the innovation stream that we have, the Optic that is rolling -- Optic White toothpaste that is rolling around the world and the other innovations that Bina had mentioned. So we are quite comfortable with that volume progression.
Ian M. Cook: The -- to come specifically to your question on the real, we are BRL 1.82. So we're on market for the real. Latin America, we're super pleased with our performance in Latin America, both on the top line and on the bottom line. The organic growth was indeed very, very strong, and we increased our investment behind the growth initiatives that we have. And that of course is a Latin America in the context of pricing actions that have taken place in Venezuela, which created a great degree of uncertainty in the first quarter, which led to the decline in Venezuelan volume that was called out in the press release. So gross profit margin improved sequentially in the first quarter, indeed improved year-on-year, and we see that improving across the balance of the year. So we're quite happy with Latin America.
Ian M. Cook: Well, let's -- good set-up, Joe. It's exactly the way we rehearsed it. Let me as a start point on this because in many of the notes, there seems to be a lot of questioning about the gross margin progression. So if we take the first quarter of this year and that 20 basis point reduction versus prior year, which we were very pleased about, obviously a 50 basis-point improvement versus the fourth quarter. But if you do our customary roll-forward, last year's gross profit was 58.4%. This year with the pricing we have taken, along with good volume, I would add, that gives you an add of 140 basis points. Our Funding the Growth started the year actually slightly better than last year. We pick up another 140 basis points there. Material pricing, a headwind of 280 basis points. So -- and if you go back, you will see that, that is easing from the second half of last year. So net -- the total net savings are negative 140, basically offsetting with the pricing and then some minor other changes for the remaining 20 basis points. And if you look across the balance of the year, our material price expansion, we're still looking at that 2% to 3% range of increase, which I think is more of a headwind than you have estimated in there. And we would expect, as you suggest, our Funding the Growth to continue to progress rather like it has in prior years. Obviously, we'll get a better benefit from pricing this year than prior. And that makes us comfortable with the 75 to 125 basis points. So we think it is well positioned and quite achievable. And of course, you come up against more favorable comps with gross margins down quite substantially across the second half of 2011. So we're very pleased with our ability to take pricing and maintain volume. And so it is that lesser headwind, better pricing, our traditional Funding the Growth and easier comparisons that make the year, we think, very doable.
Ian M. Cook: Okay, Ali. Thanks for both questions. In Latin America, you are right. We faced a headwind of Venezuela as a drag because of the announced pricing and the uncertainty in the marketplace. So retailers, the distributors and wholesalers were simply not buying. Indeed our organic growth, if you were to exclude Venezuela would be in the mid-teens. And our volume growth in Latin America would be between 8% and 9%, which we view as very healthy. And frankly, you could argue that we saw the worst of Venezuela in the first quarter with people not buying. The new pricing is at retail now on our brands. We have done all of the things anybody would expect us to do in terms of rationalizing our portfolio, maximizing local production, and by the way, continuing to build market share in Venezuela. So we feel real good about Latin America as you say, also significant pricing beyond Venezuela, where of course there will be no new pricing in 2012 assumed. So with that big slug of pricing in the first quarter, we end the Venezuela thing a little bit behind us. We think we will see continued growth progression on the volume line accelerating from the first quarter level as we continue to build market share, as Bina laid out, with an innovation-led plan across Latin America. So we like our prospects in Latin America very much. If you turn to pet, I would characterize it the following way. The point on pricing was merely meant to say that in terms of the new pricing, taken on our pet nutrition business, that is pricing that this time followed competitors. So on that business, the pricing we have at the shelves today is in line with our competitors. That pricing has rebuilt gross profit margin on that business and allowed us to put the advertising investment we have behind the beginnings of what really is the most important objective for the Hill's business, which is to compete more effectively in the Naturals segment in the United States. Ideal balance is a very good beginning. It is a product that takes the scientific heritage of Hill's and makes it more of a natural offering, entering Naturals the Hill's way rather than as a pure-play Naturals product. Off to a good start, building distribution, building volume, building market share in trial, and the repeat rates are good. But that's only part of the story, and we're not happy with the progress we have made in terms of penetrating Naturals, the fastest-growing segment. And really, these are the competitors that are creating an opportunity that we have to create. It's these Naturals brands, of which I think at last count, there were something like 99 in the U.S. that are the biggest competitors. And the relaunch of Science Diet at the middle of this year, which is over 60% of the U.S. business, will see those products more competitive with Naturals offerings in terms of the ingredients, in terms of the messaging, in terms of the packaging, even in terms of the listing of the ingredients on the bag. And we think that is going to be a very significant step forward in reestablishing our competitiveness in the overall category by establishing our competitiveness in the Naturals segments of the category. So we think we have stabilized the business, and we expect that stability to maintain for the first half, and then a return to volume growth in the second half behind that Science Diet restage. So yes, there are competitive issues. The competitive issue though is Naturals, and we think we have the plan in place for Hill's Science Diet to effectively compete in that Naturals segment. The other 40% of the business, which is the Prescription Diet with over a 70 market share is doing extraordinarily well because that is based on the veterinary recommendation of proven -- clinically proven Hill's technology.
Ian M. Cook: Yes, there are 2 answers then. The first is that if you think about our pricing for 2012, on the last call, we said that about half of that pricing in 2012 was rollover from 2011. In fact, that's now about 63% because forward pricing in Venezuela has now been taken off the table. Of the remaining 37% of pricing we had to take in 2012, fully 80% of it will be to market by the first half of this year. And we're really quite encouraged by the way we've been able to balance pricing and volume with our execution in the first quarter and believe that, that can continue as we implement the rest of our pricing. The European situation, I think as we have said before, continues to be perhaps among the toughest for our industry, never mind our company. As we have said many times, the categories in which we do business are growing high-single digits in the emerging markets, and we are blessed by having over 50% of our business in those markets. And the categories in North America are growing low-single digit, and the categories in Europe are growing very low-single digit and in some cases, flat. That's not new. That is a known phenomenon, and we are approaching Europe to try and improve our pricing position there, particularly with some of the premium innovation we have like on the Sanex business. As you say, our first quarter pricing was still tough, but it is our expectation that we hope to make progress across the balance of the year with pricing in Europe. And I think the overriding point to make in those slower growth parts of the world come back to the actions that we have discussed for a couple of years now, which are our continued efforts to revisit our structural costs to make sure that they are in line with the slower rates of growth that frankly, we can envisage for the near-term future. And you saw some of that in the first quarter with that 40 basis points reduction in our overhead. So hopeful to make progress on pricing in Europe, super pleased about 2 back-to-back quarters of positive pricing here in North America, and the European environment continues to be tough.
Ian M. Cook: Sure, Caroline. I'm happy to do so. They were up, which are always good trends. Sales growth up indeed across the BRIC businesses: the Brazil, the Russia, the India, the China, very good and encouraging top line organic growth. Our market shares continue to be very strong. The increase in China that Bina mentioned earlier now approaching 35%. The Brazilian share, that's now approaching 72%. And Indian share that in the more recent periods has now broken through 50% and is at 53%; and Russia, holding a strong leadership position at between 32% and 33%, double the share of our nearest multinational competitors. So we're very encouraged by the good start to the year in terms of organic growth and on top of that, the share progress that we are making.
Ian M. Cook: To answer the second question, none. It was all how we run and have run our Indian business. And so as I said earlier, we are very pleased with that. In terms of volume acceleration, obviously, as I indicated earlier, the pricing we have taken, 80% of it will be in place of the new pricing across the balance of the year, and that's only 37% of the pricing that we plan to take in 2012. So you're right to a certain extent, the pricing environment will be more favorable. And clearly, it is importantly driven by our innovation stream. And I would say our marketing programs and the investment behind those marketing programs, which as we have already seen at the beginning of this year, are beginning to build share for us. And I think, as I alluded, although I wouldn't want to over indicate this, we are beginning to see in some markets perhaps some more rational promotional environment, and we feel quite good about our ability to compete innovation against innovation. So that would give us the -- or it does give us the confidence for our balance of year.
Ian M. Cook: We -- I would say, Joe, obviously there is a degree of the trial building activity that we have on the Optic. We like the way the share is building, I have to say. And so that is favorable for us. And I think for the year, certainly the volume in North America will stay in the single digits, perhaps modestly off what we've seen in the first quarter.
Ian M. Cook: Alice, I was responding when I gave that information to a very specific question about the first quarter operating margin in North America, which was the continuation of our investment spend in the fourth quarter of last year. You know that we do not provide operating margins by our divisions prospectively. And so I bring you back to the way we have been thinking about this year since it started, which is to achieve the kind of volume growth we have seen in the first quarter while delivering pricing that enables us, along with our Funding the Growth programs, to increase that gross margin by the 75 to 120 basis points that we have mentioned before, at the same time working hard to lower our overheads as a percentage of sales rather like we have accomplished in the first quarter so that we can continue to take what are healthy levels of advertising spending and continue to increase them and deliver the bottom line progress that we reaffirmed in the release this morning. And that's how the year will come together across our various geographies around the world.
Ian M. Cook: Well we thank you for your confidence and optimism, Javier. I must say the general sentiment coming into this year has been that, I guess, an undercurrent of people feeling that our 75 to 125 basis points was too aggressive on the upside. So I can only repeat that we believe it is a reasonable objective and estimate on our part. It is driven precisely by the streams that you indicate. We expect to see sequential improvement, progressive improvement, as we have said before, as the year unfolds. And oh Allah, that you would be right, but our estimation is still the 75 to 125.
Ian M. Cook: Yes, Connie, first, Venezuela accounts for about 5% of our sales. As you know, we don't provide profitability on a subsidiary-by-subsidiary basis. Secondly, it would be fair to say, I think, as we have been working hard to manage Venezuela in the past, that recognizing certain decisions may come. We took appropriate actions in terms of our pricing stance to offset inflation and at the same time, rationalize our portfolio to what you might call power SKUs in an environment where we are making in Venezuela over 85% of the volume that we sell. I mentioned earlier and maybe it was when you were cut off, indeed there were some dislocation in the market when the specific price reductions were announced because retailers, wholesalers and distributors in some cases stopped buying as they were waiting for clarity about what would actually happen in the marketplace and not wanting to buy if a price was then going to go down. And we are very much as a company providing our products to the marketplace. But of course, in the early part of this year as people, retailers were not buying products, there were clearly gaps on the shelves. We are supplying the market now, and our market shares continue to be at very, very strong levels. So we think as we have done in the past, we have been responsibly managing Venezuela and appropriately managing Venezuela and maintaining our market position as we do so.
Ian M. Cook: Sure, Lauren. The answer is in fact North America was our lead country from around the world for launching Colgate -- relaunching, I'm sorry, Colgate Total. And indeed that took place the early part of the second half last year, and we made good progress on the Total business. Then of course, we have now switched to Optic in the fourth quarter and first quarter this year. And our attentions are very squarely on building trial and the repeat that we know goes with that trial with the super premium offering of Optic. And so as the year progresses, I think you can expect that relationship to balance out. But there's no question in the Nielsen data, you will see that the focus on Optic has indeed slowed the progression on Total.
Ian M. Cook: Yes, we view Hill's as a growth business. We view the emotional connection that consumers have with products they feed to their pets. Pets in today's society who are becoming members of a family, and sometimes it's difficult to know whether the parents dote more on their children or their pets. It's close, but we like both. We bring validated clinical science that delivers real benefit and garners veterinary endorsement and commands pricing and enviable gross margins. So we see this as a growth business, and we like it. The singular issue and it is a U.S. issue is having more of a share of the Naturals segments. And that's something that we have to do in the context of the equity that is Hill's, which is a science-based equity. Ideal Balance is a start, and the relaunch in the middle of the year makes the Hill's Science side offering much more competitive with those Naturals brands.  Would we consider acquiring a business? Yes, we would. And we have said publicly before that our acquisition interests are in oral care, are in pet nutrition and are in personal care. And so strategically, the answer is yes, of course, the other book end of our acquisition strategy is that the economics have to make sense. So, yes, strategically and you can rest assured that any assessment we might make would be balanced with the economic aspect of the equation as well, but there is no strategic negative with the idea of potentially acquiring such a business at some time.
Ian M. Cook: The currency this year -- Yes, Jason, we're kind of in the same place. As we said on the last call, top line, about 3%; bottom line, about 3.5% to 4%. So that's the housekeeping. Emerging markets, you're right. We made investments and continue to make investments, but we made substantial investments in those emerging markets many, many years ago and continue to make them as we continue to grow the way we do. And obviously, as you suggest, one of the opportunities we have, which we constantly assess, is the ability to companion strong oral care businesses with personal care category entries. And I think that's part of our strategy that you could see progressing as we go forward.
Ian M. Cook: Okay. Well, thanks, everyone, for joining us. We enjoyed sharing with you what we think is a strong start to 2012. And as is customary, I would particularly like to thank all the Colgate folks around the world who work so hard to make this kind of result happen. Thanks, everybody.
