Ian Cook: I don't have that number at the top of my head, Alice. I must say if I do this, it is relatively modest on a global basis. You'll have to connect with me separately.
Ian Cook: I mean just sort of taking a little bit of a step back, I think as we worked our way through last year and talked about this year, we said that we were very comfortable with the strategic initiatives that we had, starting with the consumer and obviously, driving growth with that consumer with new products and with advertising. And we said that we would be increasing our advertising both absolutely and as a percentage to sales in 2010. And of course, we have started quite strongly in the first quarter and been pleased, not just by the financial results, but if we look at our market shares around the world, as you may have seen in the release and heard from Bina's comments, we're seeing good share progress in all of our major markets, particularly in the emerging markets around the world. So as we look forward for 2010, we continue to estimate that our advertising will be up both absolutely and as a percent to sales in subsequent quarters, and of course, for the full year. As I said before, that really is media advertising, digital advertising and sampling and professional programs we have for quite a time, when we've spoken about it for quite a time, moved our advertising emphasis into activity at the store level. That continues to be very effective in terms of engaging and connecting with consumers, and we continue to increase our focus there. And as you say, that comes between the gross and the net line and is on top of the advertising I have just spoken about.
Ian Cook: Alice, I think we've been very clear on this since the Venezuela matter started in January of this year. And we put out, I think quite promptly, releases, both with the devaluation and when the accounting change happened. Focusing on the devaluation, this is a subject that we have encountered many times over many years in several of the Latin America countries. We planned for it from an operating point of view, and then we executed. That's what we did in the first quarter. It has always been, and it will continue to be, a combination of the remeasurement of the balance sheet and the ongoing translation impact that will affect the subsidiary. That's how we've always done it, positive or negative, and that's how we have done it in 2010. So as we said then, I would repeat now, that the double-digit progress assumes the way we have operated Venezuela this year, which is with all of the impacts of the devaluation in.
Ian Cook: Again, I repeat, Alice, what I said. Double digit with Venezuela treated the way we have treated it. And circling back to your very first question, the countries that you mentioned are less than 4% of our global sales.
Ian Cook: First let me back up a little bit on price there, Joe. Yes, pricing was essentially flat on the quarter. You will know by looking back at history that, that compares to a price up, 80% in the first quarter of last year. So over that timeframe, our pricing is indeed up, and the comparisons, as you work through the second half of this year, become easier given relative pricing in prior years. So putting it in an overall context, we're expecting pricing to be more favorable as the year unfolds, with the full year in our historical 0.5% to 1.5% increase worldwide. Secondly, the gross margin, as you know, was up in the first quarter, 170 basis points, notwithstanding flat pricing, and we expect that gross margin to continue to increase as the year unfolds. Now when we think about pricing, there are really three contributory aspects. One is those things that you do to create trial for new products, the coupons that are used in the United States which go to price. Second are the promotional activities that one adopts to manage our ongoing business. And third, any actions that needs to be taken to manage competitors. Our portfolio is very much focused on the Hill's, the Oral Care, the Personal Care and then our Home Care businesses. And if you take a snapshot around the world, you would see that the pricing of competitors in the more volume-oriented Home Care categories has been somewhat sharper. So if you focused on categories, it would, from a competitive point of view, be more in the Home Care area although we have responded in a targeted way to light activity in other categories as well. But the strong bias would be to the more volume Home Care businesses.
Ian Cook: We think by the end of the year, getting to 60% is still doable in 2010, Joe. And we continue to put great focus and get a great return from our traditional Funding-the-growth program, and that is the cornerstone of our progress for 2010. And that is having built into our forward-look projections with the rise in commodity pricing, and also the increases in oil. So pricing a bit, but more the traditional Funding the Growth initiatives.
Ian Cook: You'd almost have to go country by country. It is a -- there are lot of different timings, so that's not an obvious -- it all started in January or February. Secondly, I think we have made the point before that this is a long-term journey for us. We are very encouraged by the initial share reactions with the superior technology that is Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief. We're particularly encouraged by the early trial and repeat data that we are seeing in some of the lead markets like the U.K. and Taiwan, but there is a very strong competitor in that segment. And we have said that this is going to be a multiyear journey to accomplish our overarching goal which is leadership in that $1 billion segment. In terms of our global expansion, we expect to be in about three quarters or shall we say the sensitivity world by the third quarter of next year. That's our plan and we continue to be on that plan.
Ian Cook: Well, let me talk about the markets and give you our perspective and observations on what we see. India, as you saw in the release, market share up over 51% now and continuing to grow. And there is only one established competitor in India. China, our market share is up quite meaningfully over a point. Business was up double digits and our leading competitor in the number two position, their market share is down in China. In Russia, our market share is up over 33%. The number two competitor in Russia is less than half of that share and the market share is down. Turn to Mexico, our market share is up, competitor is flat to modestly up. In Brazil, we have the highest market share we have had in over 10 years, continuing into the first quarter of this year. I think as may have been said, the volume growth that is being talked about there is largely to do with geographic expansion in the country when we look at the market shares in whether it's the pharmacy, whether it's in Fortaleza, they continue to be around that 5% level that I have quoted before. In Western Europe, we continue to lead in every segment, with the exception of powered toothbrushes, which is the smallest Oral Care segment in Europe. Our toothpaste share is 3½x the competitor that you had mentioned. We lead in manual toothbrushes and we lead in mouth rinses. As you know, toothpaste and manual toothbrushes are by far the largest segments of oral care in any market in the world, certainly true in Europe. So we continue to comfortably lead that market in market shares in all cases. I'm talking here Nielsen market shares. And even here in the United States, we continue at least in terms of Nielsen, all outlet share to lead here in the United States as well. So our response to activities in any market are what you would expect from a traditional marketing point of view, starting with our loyalty and market shares that we have the overwhelming professional recommendation advantage that we have, and a strong linkage with the next generation consumers through the stores programs. And then of course, there is the offense in those markets of the sensitive Pro-Relief, which in Brazil, is off to a terrific start and indeed Sensitive Pro-Relief on its own with the scan Nielsen data in three months is ahead of the share, the Pro-Health product launched in over a year. So that's what we see around the world, Ali, in terms of our market shares provided by Nielsen, whether scan or outlet. And our responses will continue to be respectful. But leverage the strength, we believe we have built with consumers and customers over many years and not take any of this in any way lightly.
Ian Cook: We will react to what we actually see in the marketplace. We have had a lot of experience of dealing with competitors in the oral care area, whether they are local, regional or multinational. We think we know what we are doing in this category in order to both growth it. And if we defend it, and we will react accordingly. So that would be my answer.
Ian Cook: That's why I said it early on the call, we have clearly worked all of it. That's true. And are estimating and we feel comfortable with this dance we are taking on pricing in our categories.
Ian Cook: No, none, Ali. We're in the normal process of reviewing this with the Food and Drug Administration, and that is proceeding as it does customarily and when we have any news, you will probably be the second to know behind our customers.
Ian Cook: Well, what I can say, Doug, is that we have reflected in our go-forward estimating the prevailing oil prices at around the $85 level. And we have taken account of the headwind and now being faced with some of the key commodities that we buy. And that is built into our plan for the balance of the year. And that plan continues to see our gross margin continue to expand sequentially and for the full year.
Ian Cook: As I said earlier, Doug, our pricing expectation for the year is between ½% to 1½% that we have historically seen from pricing. And the bulk of our gross margin expansion for the year is forecast to come from our funding the growth program, which has been the driver of gross margin expansion for us for many, many years.
Ian Cook: Well, the -- modestly down from an all outlet point of view. The strategy is innovation and reaching consumers where we have great loyalty, which in the U.S. is particularly the Hispanic consumers where we do very well.
Ian Cook: I can't really say, Doug. As I mentioned earlier to Ali, we're in active discussions with the Food and Drug Administration following normal models there. And I don't have any insight or projection to give you.
Ian Cook: Well, I think we're certainly going to see low- to mid-single digits on a constant dollar basis. And that is going to be led, Bill, by the emerging markets which we are seeing running at a double digit cliff. And the developed world is lagging, and they are running. And we're estimating low single digits for both Western Europe and the United States. And you know, pleasingly, when we look at our categories, we've seen our Oral Care business up organically double digits for the first quarter and our Personal and Home Care businesses up low- to mid-single digits, which we're quite pleased with in that context.
Ian Cook: Well, no, our Indian financial performance has been very healthy and our market shares continue to grow in both categories. So our pricing was -- there's a classification we're certainly not looking at in our categories in India, no.
Ian Cook: Andrew, it hasn't been our custom to get to that level of detail on a division basis. If I tell you Latin America in total, we continue to expect good growth as we have said. And our gross profit modestly impacted by Venezuela are in totality, maybe down 80 basis points or so.
Ian Cook: Yes, happy to do so. So this is first quarter gross profit, Andrew. And you saw first quarter 2009 with 57.5%. And then as you work your way through pricing 0.1%, funding the growth, a healthy 1.1%. Material prices favorable 0.4%. And then all other mixed investment and et cetera, 0.1% and that takes you to the 59.2%.
Ian Cook: We are moving forward with pricing, Connie. That does partially that. And that is in place and moving forward. And I would also comment that we are continuing to get access to dollars at the 2.6 rate for raw materials on our products with the majority of our products in Venezuela made in Venezuela.
Ian Cook: Yes, let's start with the second one because it's pretty straightforward. It is a sub-brand, but it basically ties together strong equities that we already have in Europe. So our fabric softener, our Ajax All Purpose Cleaner and our dish liquid. So it ties them all together. It is a modest premium and it is moving around Europe, but too early to comment on market share. Results, reaction from the trade has been really quite positive. So coming back to the subject of Home Care and activity in Home Care, again, you will remember that, I guess in 1988, we took the strategic view that HDD was a category that was not going to be a priority for the company globally and now have less than 3% of our business remaining in that category. And what we observed around the world that there is a lot of pricing activity in home care, specifically in the Laundry Care segment which we don't compete in. But we have also seen activity in fabric softeners and in dish liquid in some selected markets. And we have, where necessary, responded to do that. And as I mentioned earlier, we're quite happy with the mid-single digit growth rate that we have accomplished. And practically margins that are quite pleasing with category margins on our Home Care business are up healthily versus prior year.
Ian Cook: Yes, I don't have a mathematical tie-in on that, Wendy. It is simply that there is a large part of the business in the United States that is non-tracked channels, which we do pick up in that so-called all outlet share, which as you know, a Nielsen sort of pantry tied measure. I guess the only thing that you could say in terms of the various channels is that the super -- the grocery stores, the supermarkets tend to have more of a high-low strategy from a promotional point of view than some of the other non-track channels. So you may see some more period-to-period choppiness there than you would in the other channels. But beyond that, I can't offer any other deeper insight.
Ian Cook: We have not. But now you asked, yes, you saw perhaps what we bought in the first quarter, which was around $500 billion, between $450 billion and $500 billion. And I think you could expect to see us buying forward at or around that level And this is in different quarters [ph].
Ian Cook: I think what I would say, Jason, is that the advertising quarter-on-quarter versus prior year is going to continue to be up both on an absolute basis and a percentage to sales basis. And therefore, the same for the year. But I think, we stepped up in the first quarter to quite a healthy ratio in terms of our advertising spend.
Ian Cook: Difficult, Chris. It becomes a little bit chicken and eggs, such a discussion. I think everybody is seeking two things. One, a better understanding of how to connect with the consumers in order to grow. And I think, things that can influence that our new products, advertising, sampling, professional recommendation and applied properly selective promotional activity. And I think we are seeing all of those at play in the marketplace. And I wouldn't like to try and parse out whether it's coming from a competitive through a retailer or from a retailer.
Ian Cook: I think people are coming at us and others looking to grow and the question is, "What is the best strategic and tactical answer to that question?" Pricing is an answer, but pricing is often a non-sustainable answer. And I think it's the responsibility of manufacturers who understand brands and consumers to create growth where price is a component, but not the only driver.
Ian Cook: Again, Chris, I'm not sure I want to get into that level of detail. I think you could say from a macro point of view that material cost in and of themselves were a favorability in the first quarter and as we look to the balance of the year, the material prices themselves, we expect in some key raw material categories are going to go up. That is built into our forecasting. And also we have the obvious transaction drag from Venezuela, which is a component as well. So fuel costs are going to start -- raw material costs are going to start going up over the balance of the year.
Ian Cook: Well, Caroline, we just discussed on the latter point, we discussed that all the time. We having just announced the 20% healthy dividend increase this year. We haven't yet turned out planning to what we will decide to do, assuming continues healthy cash generation for next year. But obviously, we would take that into consideration and put them in rediscussions, have already started on it. In terms of mix, I think I said earlier that our Oral Care business was up, outpacing our Personal and Home Care businesses, double-digit organic growth there compared to mid-single digits on the other two businesses. But we don't tend to go beyond that.
Ian Cook: Yes, pricing is in volume. So we have a dollar weighted pricing, yes. And mix is in pricing in our case.
Ian Cook: It's less Venezuela in the mix. The pricing towards the end of last year was very much driven by Venezuela. Thank you very much for being on. Thank you very much for your questions. Thanks to all the Colgate people around the world for the hard work. And we look forward to reconnecting after the second quarter. Goodbye.
