Ian Cook: Yes I think, the foreign exchange from a ForEx point of view when I was estimating it was about 3% obviously the bottom line impact is more so the change from the guidance we provided, preliminary guidance we provided before entering our budgeting process is really composed of two factors. One is the foreign exchange and the second is based on the assumptions I just went through the fact that we have recognized slow market growth into our planning for next year. Turning to China and Brazil, I would say two cases, Brazil is indeed in challenging economic times as John said overall in Latin America we have been very pleased with our performance. We note that several companies have been negative on Brazil I think half of you would be our market shares continue to be strong in that country and indeed growing as John said. We have taken pricing necessary to offset foreign exchange in part and we have seen some slow down in category growth with negative volumes from time to time. So we are just going to keep focusing on growing our market shares in Brazil and overall in Latin America expect a healthy business there to continue. Regarding China again we were pleased that the fourth quarter show us make sequential improvement which had been our plan. We were particularly pleased to see volume growth come back positive. Our market shares are holding well. You are correct that our e-commerce business has loads of potential. We grew dramatically in China. We have a completely standalone team that focuses on driving that business in China. But we do have opportunity to increase our market share further because in China our market share is not in line with our brick and motor share yet on e-commerce so that gives us plenty of opportunity to grow. So, we remain I must say overall very committed to the emerging markets. We see a strong consumer base there. We have strong brand loyalty there and we continue to see good opportunity for growth there.
Ian Cook: Good. Well thanks for the question Wendy. Yes, we feel confident in sequential improvement which is why we say it and why we went through the divisions making the comments we have made. And you are right that we’re a collection evidence that impacted us in the fourth quarter one has to say that the foreign exchange aspect of things was a surprise to most surely, the India demonetization was a surprise but what gives us confidence are the reasons I have laid out in my prepared remarks in terms of we understood what needed to be addressed. We are in the process of addressing them. And therefore, the plan we have is precisely that wondered sees us sequentially improving in the first quarter and sees us driving full growth at the low end of that 4% to 7% range. Another restructuring Wendy I think the way I would rather comment that is understand the intensity behind the language when we say that we are going to be relentless in driving the last year of our current restructuring program which clearly focuses on structural cost and as again we have said in a world that is slowing even more that it had. So, we recognize the challenge and we are being and will continue to be relentless on taking advantage of the opportunity of this last year of the restructuring program to address that structural cost.
Ian Cook: Well clearly, France category is turning negative was not a pleasant or expected event. I think there is public information out there that says that some retailers in France have suffered from the same problem which is to say consumer purchasing weakness in France. So, you're certainly seeing deflation in France and indeed in some categories, volume reduction. So, the focus has to be to right that with your customer partners on two things. 1) Is innovation that is price accretive, so that you can grow the category volume and hopefully the volume and 2) the brand marketing and in-store customer marketing to drive consumption at the retail level? So, the sharpness of the slowdown was a surprise.
Ian Cook: Okay, Dara. Well, so on pricing, when we talk SPI selling price increases, we simply had in our plan less pricing and because commodity pressures are more benign and transaction impact have lessened. A large part of that pricing is indeed carryover pricing from year-to-year. When you talk promotion and tweaking promotional level that has been for us largely in North America where we did see stepped up promotional activity in the fourth quarter and we have made some pricing gap adjustments in China on our business which has returned us to the volume growth, which we plan to build on in 2017. But beyond that, I would also know broad scale observation. On marketing spend, again the focus here is growth. We have like everybody else, return on investment model. I think when you talk about in-store activity or shorter marketing if you will, you're talking more about what can you do to induce purchase of higher priced products with less reliance on price at retails. So, I think that needs to be the focus rather than diminishing return. And on the advertising side of things, given the strength of our advertising, of our brand and given the strength of their innovation, we see that it's a very good return particularly with the effectiveness of advertising but I tried to elude to earlier and the continuity of advertising overtime. And of course, from an e-commerce point-of-view that has very good return and from a digital marketing point-of-view that has very good return as well. So, we're quite comfortable with the return side of things, I think what one has to try and guard against is a devolution into zero sum promotion pricing, so we're reaching where we need to but it's certainly not something we're looking to leap.
Ian Cook: No. The answer would be, I don’t think that's time well spent, which is why we try to frame our comments in the holistic sense. I mean, nothing is firm, you all know what the range is out there are and that's why we try to give the headline that from a holistic point-of-view, plus minus we would expect the net benefit to be favorable. And really I think that's enough to say at this stage.
Ian Cook: Yes, I mean just aggregating all of that, I mean particularly the competitive activity piece is almost impossible. And in fact, we don't break it down that way. So the largest change that shapes our top-line projection for 2017 was the reduction on category growth, the lessening in category growth that we are seeing that we have simply re-planned against and we see our top-line growing for the reasons I have said. When you come to the competitive activities the kind of shares you are talking about is I mean take Mexico which I think John talked to our share is about 81 and in the prior it was just over 81 that's on a value basis. Our market shares in general Ali, if you go through them if there are slippages they are quite modest slippages and they are not accelerating in any way with the exception of the French matter on Colgate that I just described. So I mean what we think will build our business is innovation, is the advertising that we are committing to including the in-store advertising but with a commitment to the brand advertising and the manner that I have described. A focus on the fundamentals that at retail and I think from a competitive activity point of view we will be responsive where we need to be responsive from a competitive point of view but we don't want to do it in a zero sum game fashion.
Ian Cook: Yes. I think there are few elements to this. And it's not a generalized statement for the world. Obviously, there are – there in some parts of the world particularly Europe deflation as pricing comes down to stimulate volume in some categories we have seen that for several years and that remains unabated. From a consumer behavior point of view, they don't go away from the behavior of brushing their teeth. They will exhaust pantry inventories so which is to say people have more than one toothpaste at home they may try and scratch that tube before they reload their own pantry. There is as we have seen sort of a subtle inventory correlation to a slowdown in categories. So these are all components factors I mean from the pent off study Colgate is in two thirds of the households on the planet and we are very disciplined and very focused on in making sure our in-home penetration stays that elevated levels. So if there is any sort term slowdown from a volume point of view due to pantry destocking in the like that will bounce back afterwards. So, I wouldn't point to anything Nik that says there is down the line behavioral change here that is of concern.
Ian Cook: It’s foreign exchange Bill, I mean the two principal elements are now this is against the preliminary guidance we gave in October to where we are now so it is simply the foreign exchange and the lower category growth which is reflected in our growth target for the year. It's those two things.
Ian Cook: No. No. sorry I was misunderstanding. no. no. the implied currency guidance is 5% and that is structurally driven by the income statement I mean the growth we have the margin expansion and the investment we choose to make behind the business.
Ian Cook: Yes. It was 10% in -- now. And we are saying that the two differences are foreign exchange and volume.
Ian Cook: I think for 2017 we have stepped up our advertising quite meaningfully from 2016 and we believe in uncertain time with clearly slowing category growth with the innovation pipeline we have it is to our advantage in 2017 to invest that advertising deliver that growth and keep consumers with our brands. So we think it's a good level Olivia I mean we have planned due diligently and we are very satisfied with the advertising level we have as I said it includes a sharp uptake in sampling as well. And these are all into the programs that we have on the ground behind brands and the new products that we have. So we think the plan holistically is an appropriate plan for 2017.
Ian Cook: On your second point, I would love to think so Jonathan but I wouldn't count on it. The purpose we have in India right now is simply rebuilding the pipeline over the first half of the year if we get a rebound then wonderful. On the Hill let me sort of paint a broader context here. The strategic decision that we have taken based on consumer behavior is to keep our brands specialty which is obviously a brick and motor channel and go where our consumers are going and our consumers are going e-commerce. And they are going to the traditional places you would expect, the Amazons and the [indiscernible] of this world and their rate of adaption of buying our products on e-commerce is very elevated so we are moving there. The brick and motor retailers that you principal pet specialty retailers we have not been delisted from either retailer. We have good plans with one and we are in discussion with the other and the one short term difficulty we have with the second retailer is that our shelf location and the number of SKUs we have in the store have been both reduced and moved to another position. And we believe that we can together develop a win, win solution for that to rebuild the business in the brick and motor at the same time as we are driving it online and on Hills innovation we have considerable innovation in Hill's for confidentiality reasons I prefer not to talk about it but that's the story on Hills in the U.S. John.
Ian Cook: Yes. So on the category growth yes it has changed actually Lauren. In the U.S. we were seeing two to three and you may remember me commenting I was getting widely exuberant that it was moving to three so that has now come down by a percentage point. Europe was always flat to modestly up. The range of Europe is now negative to modestly up therefore flat overall. And in the emerging markets well I used to talk mid single digits the reason I talked 5% now is the single included a number with a six in front of it and that is now off the table. So those shifts are real and that is what is build into our planning. So, if I go back on your second point if I go back to our planning, indeed is it is all volume because pricing is more or less at the same level we had in the original plans slightly higher in fact. So it's all volume. And then, finally your point on SG&A up that's still a leverage. So deleverage rather the actually a dollar overhead is down but with the impact on the top-line and the amount of dollar denominated over, we have we don't benefit from a ratio basis which is why we talked about relentlessly focusing on our cost structure in this last year of the restructure, I think those two or three questions.
Ian Cook: Yes. The trouble is that Jason, if I was to display enthusiasm you wouldn't notice the difference. So in terms of volume acceleration re-acceleration part of it is building back from the onetime events that we mentioned. So that’s an important part of it and the strengthened plans we have in place as I detailed earlier and innovation is the strong part of it. We tend to be fairly low key in terms of talking about innovation and I plan to continue that tradition but John mentioned some I would just say we have a broad array of good innovation and we will be driving that starting in the first quarter across the year but I wouldn't lay innovation as the out-sized re-accelerate growth in the first quarter. It will part of it but it certainly won’t be all of it and on pricing I mean I think the way you should think about it is that in the main, much about pricing has been to offset the transaction impact of foreign exchange and therefore you can assume that the pricing taken or being deployed now is in regions that says face those kinds of challenges but I repeat our focus for 2017 is on growth and our focus within growth is on profitable volume growth.
Ian Cook: Yes. Frankly Europe and I don't mean anything political by this, Europe is a smaller geography than the U.S. and more urbanized and when you think of the literal volume of those bags the convenience factor for e-commerce in Europe is much higher for the consumer and that is the big driver of why the adaption for bulky products is so high. And premiumization look people pay for value and what they perceive as value is not just price. And therefore, and we have said this before the reason your focus is on innovation is to create value that the consumer believes is good value even if the price is a premium price to what he or she may otherwise buy. 
Ian Cook: I think the short answer is no. You may know that Mars also own another group called Banfield we have very strong shares in both BCA and Banfield with that Hill's business Mars have said, they’ve owned Banfield for coming on a decade Mars have said that they will let BCA run as an independent group and you should know for BCA pet nutrition products are about 5% of their sales. So that's not really their business. So the headline answer would be no.
Ian Cook: Yes. In terms of your spending question I mean that's a very complicated question. We build spend based on what we see by market from competitors. Now these days you don't see everything because some of the online spending is not tracked. So there is an estimated components of it. And so you structure the spend to be adequately competitive. I am not talking the traditional advertising spend. And as I have said we plan it then to be continuous for the year behind innovation, behind the brand and sometimes behind our community programs where you see the greatest short term changes and I commented on North America is more in promotion than in the traditional advertising. So, we have built a plan for 2017 that we think is adequately competitive and strong enough to drive the innovation we have and the brand equity is that we have around the world. Now when you get into categories we have a very clear strategic view which doesn't change depending on what happens in a quarter. So our strategic view is that we focus in order of priority behind oral care, pet nutrition, personal care, and home care in that order. That has been our focus because of the continuing underlying growth rates of the categories even if they slowed and because of the margin profile of each of the businesses. So our category decisions strategically are informed by the categories not by quarterly events.
Ian Cook: Let me talk again about Africa-Eurasia. It was distributor issues with a select number small number of distributors. It had to do with liquidity because cash liquidity because of foreign exchange moves and it was moving business away from distributors and indeed bringing back some inventory. I guess the tailing point about we made in our prepared remarks was that the division growth would have been positive from an organic sales point of view without that event and that we expect organic sales progress to recommence in the first quarter of 2017. Relative to capital allocation it our current thinking going into the year is that our share repurchase will be broadly in-line with the share repurchase since we made in 2016.
