Ian M. Cook: No, we didn’t, Bill. And at this stage -- first, let me take a step back on the whole program because this has been the output of well over a year's study. As I think you have seen from the release and Bina's comments, we've taken a view here that is strategic for the long term, while benefiting starting in 2013 to build the kind of structure and skills we think we will need to compete effectively in this fast-changing world over the next 5 to 10 years. And important to say that we're really expanding structures and capabilities that we know very well how to handle; hubbing that we have been doing in various parts of the world for over 15 years. Our shared service center pioneered in Europe at about 5 years. And of course, in terms of manufacturing and sourcing, we started the year -- the millennium with something like 85 factories and have worked that down over time. And I think as you saw with the 2004, 2008 program, we have the focus and ability to get these programs executed without impacting the continued flow of the business. Now as to how we will use the funds generated by the program, if you take the near-end view, what we're really saying in 2013 is that we intend to continue the pace of organic top line growth in a world that has more slowness to it than not at the 6% to 7% range and expect to return to double-digit EPS on a dollar basis. How we allocate the second half benefits we'll get next year will depend by geography and by program, and that will be the same view we will use in the out years. But if you look at 2013, the commitment is really to the double-digit earnings per share growth on a dollar basis while maintaining that 6% to 7% organic top line growth.
Ian M. Cook: So let me take them in the order you asked them, Nik. If you look at our world and by our world, I mean our categories by geography, as we have said before, in Europe we see low-single digit category growth, very low, in the 1% to 2% range, closer to 1% than 2%; and in some cases, negative. In North America, we see category growth rates in that 1% to 2% range. And in the emerging markets, we continue to see category growth rates at high-single digits, that would be the 8% to -- the 8% to 9% growth rates. And we continue to see that right through the latest periods of data available to us. And having just come back from Vietnam, Laos, Cambodia and Myanmar, I would say in these high growth geographies, consumer optimism is still high. So you see it in the numbers, and you feel it on the ground when you're interacting with consumers. Venezuela, obviously, there is a lot of speculation about Venezuela. Clearly, there would be 2 components to any devaluation were it to occur. One would be the one-time impact on that monetary assets, which would be a one-time event as it was before. And then to answer the heart of your question, it's really going to come down to the ability to take pricing in the country or not, and I think it would be highly speculative to say what that position might be at the time. Hopefully, the governmental view in terms of making product available to consumers would be to allow pricing to facilitate bringing raw materials. And remember, we make 85% of what we sell in the country, providing employment with bringing raw materials into the country. If we see a devaluation with no ability to take pricing, that is going to be painful for everybody operating in the country and would weigh on our ability to deliver the double-digit dollar EPS growth.
Ian M. Cook: Yes. The -- it's a tale of 2 cities. Ideal Balance is doing well, as Bina said. Trial rates are high and repeat rates are high, and we know we're bringing in about half of the new users from other Naturals products, but it's not big enough to shift the entire business. So as we have said before, the second half what we need to do and will do at the end of this year, as Bina said, is to reformulate and repackage from a design point of view our base Science Diet line to contain ingredients that natural users want and shout out those ingredients on our package. And so while we expect to continue to see organic growth this year, I think as we have said before, we expect to return to positive volume growth in 2013 behind the continued growth of Ideal Balance and more importantly, from an overall business point of view, that upgrade of the entire Science Diet line.
Ian M. Cook: But let's talk about the program. The other programs you’re talking about were really opportunistic actions taken to lower our structural cost at a time when we got a one-time gain from divesting a small business. This program, which is a global growth and efficiency program, is obviously more strategic in nature and, as I said earlier, is the result of over a year's study, thinking about how we should best organize ourselves, how we should best invest behind growing the business for the next 5 to 10 years. So it's genesis, to use your word, with a strategic genesis and the content is really taking around the world structures and capabilities that we have had in place in some geographies for a long period of time have validated, know they work and know how to get them done. So this is moving our global structure to a place that we think will make us sustainably competitive for the next 5-plus years. That was the genesis.
Ian M. Cook: Yes. Well first of all, Wendy, I take exception to the point that we have not done these things in the past. We have a record of having taken significant restructuring activities not every 3 to 5 years, but usually in an 8- to 10-year cycle. And again, as we tried to say earlier, I mean, your question searches for an underlying problem that forces the action to be taken now, and we don't view it that way. We view it that the world is certainly fast changing and volatile. We view it that we want to prepare ourselves to continue to deliver that sustained growth both on the top line and the bottom line over time. And we believe we have enough validation and the capacity to get this done in a compressed period of time to make us better able to compete in the world for the longer term. So that was the thinking behind it.
Ian M. Cook: Yes, yes, as am I. The answer is, I guess, twofold. Number one, if you look at the year-on-year comparison, the first 2 quarters were up against lesser performance in 2011, and the third quarter comes up against mid-teen, double-digit growth rates in the back half of 2011. And we still think that in that context, 9% is good. You heard from Bina that the share performance is good. Clearly, Venezuela is a little bit of a drag as you would expect, but the other geographies are performing extremely well, and Venezuela is to plan. So I don't think there's anything untoward. We have fairly consistently said that we think high-single digit, low-double digit is the kind of level you should expect from that geography.
Ian M. Cook: It varied. In the early days, we definitely ran it more through the income statement because we were moving quite slowly, giving ourselves the confidence that the hubs would give us what we thought they would give us, which is better capability to win on the ground at the same time with lower cost. Some we have run through prior restructurings. And in this case, now having it in geographies -- in most of our geographic regions, we're taking it in a charge because we think we can deploy it more quickly than the 15-plus years we have had hubbing in place.
Ian M. Cook: Okay, Javier. Well actually, now that you've given me the introduction to the Funding the Growth, why don't I just do the customary walk-through on the gross profit margin, which would save that question being asked relative now to the third quarter, obviously the prior-year gross profit was 56.8%. We picked up a 1.1 point benefit from pricing, a 2.2 benefit from Funding the Growth savings, again, in line with the curve of last year. Material prices were a negative 1.8 points, and then there was minor pickup of 0.3 from other, which is the walk-through to the 180 points improvement. Now coming back to your broader strategic question, I guess you have to break these things into 3 different component elements. Funding the Growth is a program we have had in place in this company for many, many years. And whilst it is comprehensive, it -- by which I mean it doesn't just touch gross margin, a large part of it is gross margin, and that program will continue because it is part of the culture of the company, because it is part of our year-on-year savings program. Synchronizing the supply and demand, again, is really squeezing waste out of a process, which is eliminating redundancy and doesn't bring pressure to the business. The new program, again, is not predominantly a margin benefit. It, when you look at it with hubs, with shared services, with reduced facilities, is going to hit more in the SGA area. And that's what we have been talking about for quite a while, which is -- with the slowing growth in the world in general, lowering structural cost is an important part of how to organize the company. Again, it will require a changed management. I think we have demonstrated with the prior programs we have conducted that we have the focus to do it. And the content of the program, the hubs, the shared service centers and the facility and manufacturing facility rationalization, these are all things we know how to do. We have validated them before, and we believe now is the right time to do it from a position of strength and readying us for the future and balancing what we believe we need to do to sustain top line and bottom line growth for that future.
Ian M. Cook: Yes. I must say thus far, nothing of -- nothing meaningful for me to say in terms of change. We continue to see promotional emphasis from folks. And in North America, we've just been pleased in our ability to continue to generate both price and volume in the third quarter. But no significant change in that environment.
Ian M. Cook: Well, as usual, Ali, thanks for the single question. I guess in the end, the double digit is going to come down to performance. And of course, you and others will track that as you track that. But to come back in sequence, number one, we do not think we're squeezing the lemon. In fact, the rates of return we got on prior restructurings were in that low- to mid-30% level, and this is entirely consistent with that kind of benchmark. We view it as again, to repeat, what we need to do to reorganize our company to compete effectively, perhaps compete stubbornly, over the medium to long term. We believe and have validated the structure of hubs where for smaller countries, you can bring big country capability, which arms the folks on the ground with the tools they need to continue to win by growing market share and volume on the ground. We believe in shared services centers because we have done it with our IT organization 10 years ago. We know it works. We did it 5 years ago in Europe and Poland. We know we get immediate savings. We then get second order savings as you simplify your process. And then, you get third order savings as you bring additional functions and capabilities through the shared service centers. And in the manufacturing and facility space, that is a continuation of a journey that we have been on for over 15 years, all of it facilitated by SAP and our growing capability to use SAP. So it is a strategic view about how we need to organize. So turning to 2013, that wasn't the way we viewed it. The way we have approached 2013 is to say that we expect to grow the top line of our company by 6% to 7% organic, which we think stands up to any comparison and at the same time, deliver double-digit dollar earnings per share growth in that 10% to 11% range. And we will deploy the savings we get from the program by geography, by activity, as we see necessary. And we think reaching this new organization structure as we get to 2016, 2017 will position us sustainably to deliver consistent top line growth and that double-digit bottom line growth, and the folks will see the measure of it then.
Ian M. Cook: To answer your first housekeeping question, Connie, it's the reported EPS. As to the second question, in terms of when the headcount reductions will take place, the answer is no. Those plans have not yet been finalized or communicated, and that would be premature. And in the case of the facilities, I think it would be fair to say that by the time we finish the program, we will have 10% fewer facilities approximately than the 54 we have today.
Ian M. Cook: Yes. The most important point in all of this, Joe, is the consumer, and we should never forget that. And you'll find in many of these high-frequency stores, you can be there, but they're so small that you can't. You're not self-selecting the product. The shop owner is giving you the product that you ask for. And if you go to these stores, whether it's in India or in Latin America, Brazil, Mexico, the product they'll be asking for is Colgate. So that would be one. Number two, we would have the broadest assortment of toothpaste products available in those stores, and we have for many, many years had sizing and pricing that is particularly really tailored for those stores to acquaint to cash and pocket, cash outlay, what the consumer can afford. But the heart of it is loyalty versus presence. And the important thing in the high frequency down trade stores is the consumer loyalty that we have, which in many cases, despite the push, will not see new entrants distributed because the shopkeeper doesn't have any demand for the product.
Ian M. Cook: Thanks, Chris. No. And the overhead is not really -- part of it is the non-cost of goods transaction impact rolling forward, and then it's the timing of some benefit expenses. So a timing issue, not a structural issue. And advertising, yes, we're quite happy with the advertising level we have. I've said for quite a time now, in some parts of the world, even though we don't focus on it, there are a lot of programs that are managed through the so-called gross to net, the trade spending dollar which leads to in-store activity which, in today's world, particularly in the developed parts of our world, is where engaging with the consumer is very, very important. But in the traditional A&P that you see, yes, we're quite happy with that level. Frankly, with the stream of innovation we have coming into next year and as we go through our budgeting cycle, we'll be looking to take that up.
Ian M. Cook: The -- thanks, Alice. The -- if you look at the 9 months, we guided to 6% to 7% organic for this year. I remember when we did, some said that was too aggressive. If you look at the 9 months, with the third quarter coming up against a tough comparison last year, our 9-months organic growth is running at about 6.5%. And I would tell you that we continue to guide for the full year to the 6% to 7% level. As regards to the category growth rates, I kind of went through them before, high-single digits in the emerging markets, which are about 53% of our business and low-single digits. I characterized Europe as 1% to 2%, nearer 1%; and the U.S. as the same 1% to 2%. But there's really been no change in those category growth rates, so that has what -- that is what has driven the business next year, and that is what we expect to continue to see next year. And what gives us the confidence is the continued flow-through of our innovation pipeline into 2013 and the effectiveness of many of the marketing programs that we have and, of course, the return to positive volume on the Hill's business.
Ian M. Cook: I'm not sure. So let me try and answer it in the same spirit that it was given, John. I guess if you break the program down into 2 bits, the why are we doing it bit and the why are we doing it bit really strategically is more about how we think we should be best organized to manage our business for the medium to long-term. To repeat, we believe in the power of hubs and we validated it. We believe with the technology available to us today and the servicing ability of shared service centers, and so we are expanding it. And we have the ability to further reduce our facilities sourcing our global business. So for us, these are the right things to do. And the why now, the why now is we believe the company is in a strong position. And this is the ideal time to expand structures that we have had in place for a long period of time. I think it would be fair to say, when we talk about a fast-changing world, that we have seen a slowdown in category growth rates, particularly in the developed world. And if you take a jaundiced macro view, is there going to be spillover of that into the emerging markets. So we still expect that 6% to 7% organic growth. We still expect to grow market share, but you're doing it in a world where the rate of category growth, particularly in the developed parts of that world, have slowed. And therefore, as we have said for some time, we believe re-basing the structural cost is an important part of how we go about managing our business.
Ian M. Cook: Sure, Linda. First of all, we'll split out Hill's business into 2 parts. There is a Prescription Diet business. Those are diets that are specifically for pets with health issues that are prescribed by vets. We have a 70% recommendation level, a 70% market share and that business is fine. As we have been saying for a time, we have been unable, unsuccessful thus far in competing in what has become the fastest-growing, quite large segment in the category, which is the Naturals segment. We had offers there, a product called Nature's Best, but the consumer had a disconnect with this idea of Science Diet and a Natural's product and the trial and repeat rates were low and we withdrew the product. Our first step into that category was the product we have talked about, again, for a little while, which is Ideal Balance. And Ideal Balance is what it purports to be, which is it doesn't give up the heritage of Hill's Science, but it's just it's balanced with the ingredients that a natural -- a Naturals user would want. And that's working for us. It's working for us in terms of the trial we're getting, in terms of the business growth we're getting and in terms of the new users we're bringing from the Naturals segment. It's not big enough to turn the whole business. And in fact, I'm just hearing about the Science Diet relaunch now. We have been saying for a while that we were working to completely relaunch our Science Diet business at the end of this year, which across the line would therefore give the consumers the ingredients they would be looking for. And that, as it works its way through 2013, we think is going to complete the job and get the business back on to a positive volume track. So the proof of the pudding will be in 2013.
Ian M. Cook: Well, Jon, yes, the -- you know the areas we are focused on. We actually called out 4 areas of investment of those funds. And the first obviously was innovation and brand building. The second was enabling technology and analytics, and we have been talking for a little while about -- it is our belief that analytics is a new area of discriminating competence for companies like ours. The third would be continuing to explore and expand our use of digital engagement with customers, with consumers, with suppliers. And finally, continuing to strengthen our capability in the emerging markets to underscore the distribution, the in-store visibility that our products have in those parts of the world. So again, we'll be doing it on a case-by-case basis, by activity, by country as we work through this. But they are the 4 principal areas of potential reinvestment.
Ian M. Cook: No. So let's answer that quickly, no, I won't. The -- but getting to your questions, frankly again, we're at the preliminary stages of our budget. But the preliminary look would be in the -- from a cost point of view would be in a 1% to 2% range. That's kind of consistent with what we have seen this year. So that would be the macro view and that would be with oil at an assumed 110, and it would also assume a bit of a headwind from corn, which obviously affects our Hill's business. From a gross margin point of view, we continue to hold the same, plus or minus 5-year goal of getting our gross margin into the mid-60s. So that continues to be the way we think about it. And of course, the 110, coming back to the oil, is obviously the brand, not the West Texas.
Ian M. Cook: The -- coming back, the -- as we've said several times before, the impact of foreign exchange on the top line -- I'm sorry, on the bottom line is greater than the impact on the top line. So we faced a headwind of around 8% on the bottom line relative to foreign exchange. And in terms of Europe, Europe has always been a difficult environment. The -- candidly, for the last half a dozen quarters, organic growth has run negative in Europe and so the third quarter is no different than that. Obviously when you look at Europe, there clearly is a difference between the North and the South where in the Iberia's, the Italy's and the Greece's, you are seeing lower category growth rates.
Ian M. Cook: Well when you look at the business, you know that the gross margin of Hill's is quite attractive to us. You are correct that moving to these formulas does bring with them a cost. But again, I come back to the overall company and say that, that is baked into our thinking in 2013 and beyond. And again, we're looking at the top line of 6% to 7%, and we're looking at that bottom line EPS growth of 10% to 11%, and the impact on the Hill's gross margin is easily manageable in that framework.
Ian M. Cook: The straightforward answer, Alice, is no. The Hill's issue is not a pricing issue, it's a formulation issue in this particular case. So that's where we need to focus.
Ian M. Cook: Okay. Well, thanks for all of you calling in. It's good to have the opportunity to talk about the business today and our plans for the future. And again, for all of those Colgate people listening on the call, thank you for your efforts. We obviously have a chapter ahead of us, and we'll get the job done. Thank you.
