Ian M. Cook: Thanks for the question, Nik. As Bina closed in her summary remarks, we do believe that it is the full strategic initiatives that we have, the innovation that flows from them and the quality of our integrated marketing programs that is driving the top line growth of the company. Obviously, it is a blend between market share and category growth. You probably recall that about 53% of our business mix today is in the emerging markets. And as we have said before, the pace of growth in our categories in those markets is high-single digits, and we continue to see that pace of growth sustained through the second quarter. As we commented on the last call, obviously, category growth in Europe is extremely modest, very-low-single digits, in some cases flat. But as we've also said before, that's not a new phenomenon. That's built into our plans, and we're actually quite pleased with the volume and organic and sequentially improving pricing in Europe and the share gains behind it. And here in the U.S., as Bina said, we have outpaced the also modest, low-single-digit category growth in the United States continuing to build the market share, as Bina commented, and it is a combination of all of those factors that is driving the organic growth of the company. And it is that which gives us the confidence to say that we stand by our objective of 6% to 7% organic growth rate for the full year of 2012.
Ian M. Cook: Yes. It's -- again, we were very pleased. I remember there were some questioning when we talked about the first quarter on Latin America, whether we could continue at the pace, particularly given the tough comparisons second quarter on. Again, as I think Bina commented, it is largely to do with our innovation stream and the consumers' reaction to that and to the marketing that is bringing those products to the consumer, whether it's Optic White; whether it's Sensitive Pro-Relief, where we now lead in half of the Latin countries; whether it's that continued share progress on toothbrushes, with leadership in Mexico, the next objective. And consistent with our 6% to 7% organic growth for the total company for the year, as we have said before, we see double-digit organic growth for Latin America this year as well.
Ian M. Cook: By all means. Again, as we said on the last call, we have seen, I would say, a slight moderation of competitive activity around the world. But competitors who have lost market share, we continue to see that level being intense. We have seen, in some categories around the world, media investment reduced from some of those principal competitors. And perhaps in a drive for short-term volume in selective markets, a step-up in promotional activity. Latin America, for example, in some countries, promotional levels as they have been running 3x our level, but we still see our market shares growing because the consumer is looking for value, and it's value through innovation that builds market share. And so I can't say that worldwide, the discounting is lessening overall. I would say there is a trend to that. And I would also say, from our side, we are benefiting from integrated marketing programs that are actually happening in retail environments, particularly in the developed world. And those programs are brand-building programs, even though they are expensed between growth and net sales in trade spending. Turning to Latin America, obviously, we're extremely pleased with our continued progress. In Brazil, we see our market share pushing through 72% on toothpaste. We see the competitor flat in that 5% to 6% range, again, driven by innovation. In Mexico, our year-to-date share is around 83%, competitors holding in between 11% and 12%. There has, specifically in Mexico, been a step-up in promotional activity. We've seen competitors -- or a specific competitor promoting at 80% level year-to-date, in some months at a 90% level, and yet, we are still building market share. And in Venezuela, obviously, we executed the pricing changes that were mandated by the government. We continue to make about 85% of the volume we sell. We have rationalized and simplified our offerings down to key SKUs, and our market shares are doing very well. I think as I said the last time, we have about a 96%, 97% share on toothpaste, which is quite pleasing. And that really, for us, for the year so far and for the year to go, is what our focus is. Our focus is on getting done what we have agreed to get done in 2012, which is to bring the innovation that the consumer values, to put the appropriate investment behind that innovation and to generate the funding from our productivity programs. And I would say, so far, that is working globally, and specific to your question in Latin America as well.
Ian M. Cook: Well, let me focus on the gross margin because I think that's at the heart of your question and how we are approaching that and how we're thinking about that. And let me start by giving you the normal run-through year-on-year that we provide. So in the second quarter of this year, we start with the gross profit margin of 2011 Q2, which was 57.4%. The pricing that we have taken, and I was reading that some people felt our pricing balance would come off, but we've kept that pricing in the 3%, 3.5% range. Pricing added 1.4 percentage points to gross margin. Our Funding-the-growth stepped up in the second quarter from the first, as it historically always has done, to 190 basis points positive, exactly the same as we delivered last year. Material prices were a negative 260 basis points and then we have some mixed divestment impact of negative 20 basis points, which gets you to the 50-basis point increase. Now if you look specifically at the transaction cost impact, our gross margin, had we not had that impact, would have been higher by some 50 to 60 basis points in this quarter. We obviously, as we have said in our release, know now that foreign exchange is going to be a headwind of 6% to 7% for the year. We have taken the pricing that we said we would. You will remember from the last call there was 63% of the pricing we had planned for this year that was rollover. As we closed the second quarter, some 97% of all of the pricing planned for the year has been taken and is either at market or moving to market. On the last call, we said that number would be around 80%. And obviously, we have accelerated some pricing because of the specific transaction impact, and we see, while transaction is still out there for the balance of the year, easier comps year-on-year. And secondly, the commodity costs, the underlying commodity costs are showing some favorability. So you've got favorability on the commodity costs, pricing well in place and transaction still as a negative headwind. But all of that said, we remain comfortable with the 75 to 125 basis points improvement that we have been speaking of and we plan to see a sequential improvement in gross margin over the balance of the year.
Ian M. Cook: Yes, we're not going to get into that level of country-by-country detail. I think it would be fair to say, and you have the data. And as I said in an earlier remark, obviously, we have seen a slowdown in the U.S. categories, the second quarter modestly slower than the first. And yes, there has been some spillover into Mexico, but not to the level that you were just referencing. What we feel good about is that our innovation and our integrated marketing programs are seeing us push our market shares up, and therefore, delivering the organic growth that we had planned to deliver. Now if you take a broader view of those emerging markets and you think about the Greater China, you think about Russia, you think about India and you think about Brazil, we have very healthy organic growth continuing in all of those parts of the world. And as I said earlier, the category growth rates in those geographies continue to grow high-single digits, and we see no change in that, notwithstanding the chatter around slowing macros for those geographies.
Ian M. Cook: Yes, I guess, is the answer. We -- one of the underlying consumer benefits that we believe we have globally is this notion of regimen. We are, I think, the only company that operates in the 3 largest oral care segments under the same brand name exclusively. So you can combine a Colgate toothpaste with a Colgate toothbrush and a Colgate mouth rinse, a name that the consumer has enormous trust in, and a regimen that clearly we want to educate consumers and retailers want to educate consumers to use. So we have good ambition in terms of bringing those 3 categories together. I think when Bina spoke about the rollout of Optic around the world, she mentioned that in the new markets we are going with the regimen, so it is a toothpaste, a toothbrush and the mouth rinse. And in some parts of the world, retail shelves, and certainly, retail displays take full advantage of linking the 3 categories. So Optic, of course, is a single variant entry strategy, thus far, in the United States. But we have good ambition for it. And so far, the retailer reception, both from a distribution point of view and a support point of view, has been very positive, and we'll keep you updated as the end market results start to come.
Ian M. Cook: The -- again, when you're asked a question about the world, it's very difficult to give a generic answer, given that we operate in over 90 countries. So I would say, as I said before, that overall, we are seeing a slight abatement, less promotional activity. In some specific markets, and Mexico was one, the promotional activity, which has always been high, as I think we have said consistently on calls, because there is no positioning difference, so if you don't have a marketing idea, price tends to be the approach. And that promotional activity, which had always been north of 50%, moved to 80%, even though we saw media reduced in many of those markets. On what the future will bring in that regard, we will deal with when it comes. And you can see our ability to grow and build market share and deliver a return in those geographies by focusing on innovation that provides value at a higher price, and thereby, brings margin and return. And that's where we're going to stay focused.
Ian M. Cook: Thanks, Javier. The answer is it's a bit of everything. What I was trying to say with the pricing we have taken, we accelerated pricing into the second quarter because of exactly the kind of foreign exchange transaction pressure you mentioned. But you can never react to those things quickly enough to impact a quarter, therefore, our gross margin would've been higher without that additional transaction impact, which was not originally forecast. So when we look at the balance of the year, yes, there is continued benefit from the pricing actions we've taken. And I must say, we feel pretty good at being able to take pricing in the 3% to 3.5% range overall and keep the volume north of 4% and being consistent with the 6% to 7% organic target that we have talked about previously. It also requires us to deliver the same kind of sequential Funding-the-growth improvements that we have done historically and we clearly have programs and confidence in those programs behind it, and we benefit somewhat from a more favorable underlying commodity cost environment unrelated to the transaction. So it is the combination of all of those that has us reaffirm advancing gross margin within that 75 to 125 basis points range.
Ian M. Cook: Let me answer the second first. You'll see SG&A was up by 20 basis points and that was all advertising, so overheads were flat this quarter, which is a function of timing. On Hill's, frankly, we would've liked to have seen less negative on volume. We were pleased with the pricing and we're obviously pleased with the gross margin because that gives us an investment platform behind the innovation we have. But we have still not, as I said on the last call, made enough progress in penetrating the faster-growing natural segment. We're quite pleased with this Ideal Balance line that I had mentioned the last time. This idea of marrying the science of Hill's with the ingredients that the naturals user prefers. Distribution is building. It's about 88% now. Trial is building. Repeat is healthily north of 30%, which is an elevated level. And as Bina said, in terms of data we can track at retail, 55% of users of Ideal Balance are new to Hill's and coming for the natural segment. So that is already underway. As we also said on the last call, we really wouldn't see an improvement in the organic growth of Hill's until the second half of the year when we start to convert and relaunch our Science Diet business with ingredients that are more consumer-friendly to those naturals consumer. And that process is going to run a year to 18 months to fully complete, but we think, as we said, that it'll have an effect in the second half. I would comment that some 40% of the U.S. business, and that natural segment is a U.S. phenomenon, not a global phenomenon, but 40% of our U.S. business is the Prescription Diet, which is clinically proven to provide benefits to animals that have an ailment, as recommended by and sold by vets. And that business, where we have a 70% share, a 75% recommendation level, is showing healthy growth, both in the U.S. and international. So it really is about penetrating the natural segment. And we think that the plans we have in place, based on the testing we have to date, will complete that job and begin the second half of the year and run through 2013.
Ian M. Cook: Yes. Well, let's start with the foreign exchange. You may remember, Ian, which is a great name, by the way, you may remember on the first quarter call, we talked about foreign exchange impacting the top line by about 3% and the bottom line by about 4%. As you saw in our release, we're saying that based on the spot of today, the bottom line impact for the year will be some 6% to 7%, but the sales impact will be more in the 4% to 5%, consistent with the ratios we talked about on the last call. And in fact, in this second quarter, the foreign exchange impact on the bottom line was negative 9%. And as to your second question, I would stay focused on advertising. In the area of advertising, you have seen year-to-date we are up. We expect to continue to be up, both on an absolute and a ratio basis for the balance of the year, and that was the approach or that is the approach we have taken coming into 2012 in order to drive the trial of the innovation program that we have. And on the overhead side, we continue to look for opportunities to find self-funding ways of becoming more efficient. And to the extent that we generate funding to be able to do more, we will tell you about that at the appropriate time.
Ian M. Cook: Well, we don't give that category level or brand level information. I will say, if you look at organic growth for each of our categories, organic growth on Hill's second quarter to first is that 2%. Organic growth on our other categories, personal care, which Sanex is a piece of, home care and oral care, are up quarter-on-quarter, obviously, given the overall company performance. But in the strong mid-single-digits range for personal care and home care and double-digit for oral care. So our category performance, we think, is very strong. We have no buyer's remorse on Sanex. We continue to be thrilled, and we continue to believe in Europe. We think the Europeans or the Greeks would still brush their teeth in euros or drachma. And the Sanex business is increasing our market shares in the important body wash and underarm categories. The innovation stream we have in Europe in the countries that Sanex is in today is strong. It's an innovation stream. You may see us take to other geographies under the Sanex name. You may see us take it to other geographies under a Palmolive or a Softsoap or a Protex name that we have around the world. The integration is on track. The transfer of manufacturing, which will build margin, is on track. And obviously, we would reveal country expansion plans at the appropriate time, given the competitive nature of those plans. No buyer's remorse.
Ian M. Cook: Yes, the answer on Hill's, Lauren, you may know we have talked about this before, this is one of the few Colgate businesses that we actually hedged in a very disciplined way. And particularly what one's reading about in corn and soya, that the -- whatever impact will be in 2012 is in our plans, either hedged or in our plans and will not, in any way, derail the programs we have in place on the Hill's business. And some of the formula changes that we're going through will change the profile, if you will, of ingredients in Hill's products going forward. So not a derailer in 2012. And North American pricing, yes, it's a little bit of a lot of things. Some list, but particularly promotional planning with our Colgate business planning tool, bringing some efficiency, and then, yes, focusing on particular pricing with retailers, which, of course, links to the promotional planning. The mix, as you know, we have a dollar-weighted volume, so mix is not a component of that. But it's a little bit of all of the above. And as we have said before, for the last, I think, it's 10 Nielsen periods, our dollar-weighted consumption in the U.S. has outpaced the category.
Ian M. Cook: The answer on per cap is in the emerging markets, absolutely. But per cap is in the developed world, really, how many times a day do people brush their teeth because the penetration is quite robust. In terms of choice, the consumer wants choice. And if you don't give the consumer choice in today's world, they'll go somewhere else to get the choice. Now we talk about Enamel, but Enamel ends up being a benefit within Optic. They're buying a whitening benefit with a secondary benefit on the enamel. You'll find many, many toothpastes, including Total, that offer a primary benefit that is gingivitis protection, but have a variant that delivers a whitening secondary benefit, of which the consumer puts a value on. I think the thing that needs to be understood in all of this is when you are bringing the new innovations, you are winnowing the old, whether that's a flavor variant, whether that's a size, or whether that's a benefit that was at one time interesting to the consumer, think baking soda going back. So it's a living process, Connie. And the way you communicate to the consumers, I think Optic is a wonderful example, it starts with the package. And of course, it is then surrounded by the traditional advertising mediums that we use, and increasingly, today, what we are able to communicate at the retail level, and obviously, for our therapeutic offerings, the clinical evidence that a professional will be relaying to their patients. So the consumer is not changing their view, but they continue to want choice in this category. And I think some of the threads of that choice are pretty broad, whitening, gum health, anti-cavity and so on, and then you have secondary benefits within it. And I think an important point to make is oftentimes, that innovation can be seen as having value to consumers, even again, at a higher price point, which, of course, is accretive to margin and accretive to category value growth.
Ian M. Cook: Okay, Linda, let me do the foreign exchange response first. There are 2 separate things. We said when we set up this year that we would deliver double-digit EPS growth on a currency-neutral basis. That has all to do with translation, just translation. And we said, also, that we were going to deliver an increase in our gross margin between 75 and 125 basis points. To do that, you have to offset the transaction impact of buying raw materials, let's say, in Latin America, that are priced worldwide in dollars when the U.S. dollar strengthens. So in order to deliver the gross margin, to deliver the local profitability, you have to take the pricing to offset that cost impact. And that's the way we set up the year. So it is strictly translation, which has nothing to do with pricing. Now in North America, we -- you may recall, we started with Optic in the fourth quarter of last year. We did not have capacity for Optic when we got the overwhelming response positively from consumers in the U.S. We geared up capacity, and we came back and effectively relaunched that business in the first quarter of that year, up against, I would say, the most modest quarter's volume that we have seen in North America, first quarter of 2011. And we got the volume response we got, but we have, yes, certainly balanced pricing in North America. But I stress the point from an external point of view, we are seeing the consumption, the consumer purchases of our product outpacing the market rate of growth year-to-date, and in fact, for the last 10 periods. So from an organic point of view, we expect to see continued positive organic growth for the balance of the year, balancing the volume with the price and continuing to build with the innovation we have, including the Optic rinse talked about a little bit earlier.
Ian M. Cook: Yes, I -- if there was a number I wish I had never thrown out there, it was this 11%, which gets memorialized in tablets of stone. To start with where we are today, 8% organic growth, with advertising at the level we have in this quarter, is, we think, an effective return on our advertising investment. The advertising investment doesn't start with a ratio. We build it up from the plans on the ground. So I would venture to say that when you take our general financial strategic model, what we always intend to be focused on is increasing that gross margin, and that would certainly -- or that is our ambition and our goal next year, and you can imagine would be next year, to attempt to lower overhead on a ratio basis to sales in order to take some of that funding, as we call it, Funding-the-growth, to increase our advertising, assuming we have the breadth and depth of innovation that, we believe, today we have, and still deliver a healthy return on the bottom line. And that thinking has not changed. And if the innovation flow is good, I'm sure our ambition will be to continue to increase our advertising behind that innovation as we move forward in time.
Ian M. Cook: No. Again, as I commented earlier, through the second quarter, we haven't seen a slowdown in our categories in these geographies in general. And specifically in China, still growing high-single digits. Our market share there over 33% year-to-date. I believe our principal competitor just hit below 20%, but who's looking? So thanks very much for your questions, helpful as always. And again, we look forward to keeping you posted on our progress as this volatile world continues over the balance of the year. And a special thank you to all of the Colgate people who get all this stuff done around the world. Thank you.
