Ian M. Cook: We’ll see, I think as Bina said at the end of her prepared remarks, I guess we live in a world these days where focus is really important, but so is agility and I think you saw in the fourth quarter the agility and the balance I guess between volume and price as our 6% was composed of volume growth in all divisions in pricing increases largely in the developing world. So if we take that to the gross profit row forward and you go back to the prior year gross profit 59.1, we benefited from 1.4 points of pricing, as you can see a step-up from the prior three quarters between our funding the growth and restructuring, we had something like 280 basis points of benefit and then faced a headwind in terms of material prices of some 4.3 point of which two points for the quarter was transaction and then they were 20 basis points negative of some other minor changes which gets you to the 58.8% gross margin. Interestingly, although we are where we are if you were to go back to the October conversation we had and our expectation for the full quarter of gross margin to be even with prior year, if you just stripped out the exchange deterioration since our October call, in fact for this quarter our gross margin would have been at prior year level. What we manage to do by moving quickly on pricing was to offset the dollar impact of the foreign exchange but not yet the ratio impact. So that’s 2014, when you go forward into 2015, I guess you have got a few things in terms of our view on gross margin, our view on gross margin for 2015 is that we will expand it between 50 and 100 basis points on the year. Now that is going to progress through the year from the first to the fourth quarter. We get a benefit in 2015 of course, from the current oil prices which we expect to work through towards the end of the first half next year and of course commodity materials which our forecast would say more or less flat year-on-year and these are benefits we haven’t seen in prior year. We will continue and indeed already have take pricing particularly in those emerging markets where we have to meet the transaction impact of foreign exchange, because that’s what translate into the operating earnings. We will of course be focus on our funding the growth program which again should benefit in 2015 from a more benign cost environment and of course we have our restructuring program. So, as we begin 2015, we feel good with the expansion target of plus 50 to 100 basis points on gross margin stepping it way up through the year. Now when you come back to the topline of the company, I think the fourth quarter played out organically pretty much the way we expected it. We see the destocking in China behind us and that’s why we see that the 6% organic there and indeed organic growth in the country itself. In terms of Brazil we said that we would still be working through the destocking in the fourth quarter that would be completed in the fourth quarter and then we would move into 2015 and indeed that has been the case. But if you step back and kind of take a look at where is the consumer we continue to see for our categories that in North America category growth, and again I am talking our categories, is between 1% and 2% as we said on the last call it is edging widely up to the upper end of that 1% to 2% range. Europe continues to be more even between 0% and 1% and across the emerging markets we continue to feel comfortable with the mid single-digit local currency value growth rates for our categories. So that’s the environment we see in 2015 with China and Brazil now behind us.
Ian M. Cook: Yes, I think we have demonstrated fairly consistently and ability to deliver pricing to offset the transaction impact of foreign exchange. I think we demonstrated that in the fourth quarter and we expect to continue to price as we have already done in some parts of the world. So pricing will be a factor in growth and in our gross margin expansion plans for 2015 and we believe as we indeed already have, that we will be able to realize that, and I go back to the fourth quarter and say there was a fairly meaningful step up in pricing in those emerging markets and yet we still had a balance between volume growth and pricing growth. Now, when you turn to Latin America, the need for pricing again is driven by foreign exchange and if you look at Latin America, overall, we took pricing in the fourth quarter and you see pricing up literally across the geography, from Mexico through Central America, our Indian group, Venezuela, Brazil, and the Southern, so we took pricing across the board in Venezuela as we told you on the last call, we, along with our two principal multinational competitors and the large local player down there, on price controlled categories, got approval to increase pricing and so we, along with everyone else, increased pricing in Venezuela and that will roll forward into 2015. But again, you look at Asia, you look at Africa, Eurasia, we're taking pricing in all parts of the world that are affected by foreign exchange.
Ian M. Cook: Clearly, we got more pricing in Venezuela, because we had no pricing for an extended period of years. So the answer there is clearly yes as it was for everybody else that we compete with in that country. I think the more pertinent question is our ability to maintain that pricing and continue to increase that pricing going forward and our view is that, yes, we can. And again, I come back to the fourth quarter, having taken pricing we did see volume growth in all of our divisions. Now of course, that step in Venezuelan pricing will ease off as we work our way through 2015, because Venezuela is much more episodic than many of the other markets. So the answer is yes. And again, back to the consumer behavior, we continue to see our categories hold in the emerging markets at mid-single digits. And remember, as you will see when we file our K for us 2014, Venezuela continues to represent about 3% of the company’s worldwide sales and only about 1% of the operating margin.
Ian M. Cook: Yes. Well clearly Olivia, as I’m sure all other companies do, we do considerable work to balance even the short-term volume impact at the pricing we take. I come back and say we sold volume growth in all of our emerging markets even with the stepped up pricing we took in the fourth quarter, so we think we have a handle on it and we think again, remember the types of products we are selling that we can take the pricing necessary to offset the foreign exchange impacts and continue to maintain that balance between volume and price and indeed volume slows a little bit when you take the pricing, but then that balance comes back. Look, on retail inventory you may remember, we were the first to talk about the destocking in China and I think we’ve tried to be very transparent about what we saw unfolding in the marketplace is the China destocking is behind us and I said on the last call that we expected brazil to work through in the fourth quarter and it has done. We track not only retail inventory, we track inventories with all of our distributors country-by-country and we have parameters that actually relate back to the return on invested capital the distributor gets in terms of the inventory levels that they would hold. So we have a very clear view on that inventory and we have a very sharp focus on making sure that it is not at least by our actions out of balance. What we saw in Brazil and China was a marketplace destocking because of the slowdown in the category. So I think you can feel confident that we have very much control on that inventory. And remember as we talked about when we went through those sub-prime years in difficult times, products in our categories if you will become the simple luxuries that consumers can afford. So the behavior of using these products does not go away when times get slightly tougher.
Ian M. Cook: Yes, thanks John. Let me just complete what Bina said I mean so when you think about foreign exchange as a headwind, yes, the translation impact is 10% on the bottom line. On the topline we see it going to be about 7% and 7.5% on the year. So that just gives you the breath of that. In terms of the transaction impacts, that is embedded into our guidances on gross margin being up 50 to 100 basis points. The transaction impact whether it’s the balance sheet aspect of payable in the short-term or the more substantive foreign exchange impact on raw materials imported finished goods. In the medium term that hits the gross margin squarely and if you don’t recover that you can’t deliver an operating return, so all of our guidance is assuming our ability to offset that transaction impact. Now remember, offsetting that transaction impact is not just a function of list price increases in any given marketplace. It could be benefited from mix, it could be benefited from different types of promotional activity, but elevate the ASP we have the benefit of our funding the growth program we have the benefit of the global growth and restructuring program that we have underway. And as I said, at the beginning the benefit of a more benign commodity environment especially in the area. Now if you look at Europe and North America list price increases are difficult to accomplish, but you saw in Europe terrific margin expansion this year. So there its going to be some of the other techniques, but I think are going to continue to drive gross margin. Most especially funding the growth efforts, the Global Growth and Efficiency Program and what we can do with our promotional efficiencies as we go forward rather than list price increases, but that's the way we plan the year, John.
Ian M. Cook: Well, let me start with the advertising, Joe. So as we have said for quite a considerable time, the advertising is a combination of what we all grew up with which is the traditional media and promotion and we have always balanced that in terms of the traditional with the in-store activity that we undertake during the year. So if you look at the balance, in fact, in the quarter, our total commercial investment was up as it was for the year. Interestingly many of our competitors in many large markets around the world eased back on their traditional advertising spend. So in many of those markets actually our competitive pressure was actually strengthened. Now as we think about 2015 in terms of that traditional bucket of advertising and promotion, we are planning for that to increase absolutely and as a percentage to sale. And as we have always done we will continue to balance that as the year unfolds. So we feel very much that the advertising is where we needed to be. And I think candidly Joe, when you look at the results in the fourth quarter, we got a 6% organic growth rate and delivered a pretty robust bottom line. And of course is that kind of sustainable top and bottom line growth that we are focused on, relative to the overhead Forex is that much of an impact. We continue to expect to make progress in terms of overheads, because the global growth and efficiency program is largely focused in that area rather than gross margin this time around. And again, as Bina said, we were ahead of delivery of that program in 2014 and we will continue to make progress in 2015.
Ian M. Cook: We’ve been quite pleased with our market share progress Joe and caller says Joe, Dale everyone is Joe and obviously we had some new businesses that we're entering whether it’s the intimate product, whether its new markets with Sanex and indeed some of the new geographies we have around the world like Nigeria, like Iran, like stepping up our position in Bangladesh, but we continue to be comfortable with that 4% to 7% range that we have talked about which we think adequately reflects the volatility that is in our world. You know if you take 2013 as a year a full-year, we came in about 6% if you look at 2014 now as a full-year we came in organic growth about 5%, so we think that 4% to 7% range remains reasonable and indeed that is what we are planning against. And I’m sorry about the name slip up.
Ian M. Cook: Well I think Michael that our assumptions is that it will continue pretty much as it has been, when you look at 2014 you might say that some of the – shall we say naked pricing pressure has come off, but we definitely saw in the North American environment couponing both in terms of the number of coupons dropped, and you know that’s a large part of U.S. promotional activity and works its way through the income statement and price that couponing volume and couponing values both stepped up substantially in 2014 and we expect that will continue in 2015. Now in part coupons create trial for new products, so that’s quite healthy, so you will see some bumps I guess quarter-by-quarter because of that. So we are assuming that competitive environment in our categories at least will continue as we’ve seen it per haps with more emphasis towards cuoponing.
Ian M. Cook: Okay, I think we – the new areas really will back up, I mean we have had hubbing operations in parts of our world for a long period of time and I think we talked about that relative to Latin America when I talked about the groups we had there in the activity we took that, the next big tranche if you will hubbing has been Europe and in that environment we have both accomplished and delivered the savings and the efficiency that we were looking for and now the market level activity begins and the next like of that journey. Now will be to get the accrued benefits of having hubs now with shared service centers and I guess frankly most importantly of all with that focus and the ability to sharpen our investments behind the businesses as you saw in release and in being is commentary market shares in our principal categories are up. And that in a slow growth European environment is ultimately what all depends I think our ability to continue to deliver organic growth in that part of the world, which when you think about why we prioritizes Europe first from the global growth and efficiency point of view was the objective of the exercise.
Ian M. Cook: Yes, well you know as you’ve heard for many there is a lead lag things in life have a way of going up quicker than they come down. If you take oil the most immediate benefit you get tends to be in freight because that price is quite quickly and so we got a little bit of benefit in the fourth quarter very modest and we expect that to benefit of starting in this quarter in 2015. When you talk about the flow through benefits of the resin impact and the other material impact that will start to benefit us towards the end of the first half partly related to it working through the system, partly related to our own inventory levels, you have to work those through before you get the benefit which is why we make the point that as we build to that 50 to 100 basis points gross margin improvement, it is going to build across the year, because the commodity benefits will really start flowing in the second quarter.
Ian M. Cook: Yes, we - in terms of the oil we actually budgeted oil at about $60, so obviously if it says that the current level we will pick up a little bit more, we’ll have to see how all of that works through across the year. In terms of European-based competitors, if you mean from a foreign exchange point of view, we're all managing in a world. And we all have different parts of the world and we all have growth ambitions in those different parts of the world. We have, we think being quite responsible with the benefit of Global Growth and Efficiency Program in Europe and making sure that our commercial investments, including traditional advertising and promotion, are appropriate for both the European category growth rates and the competitors we meet in Europe. If we see things change, and we think we need to be more responsive back to this notion of agility and balance. We will take the appropriate action. But right now we are quite comfortable with our European growth. And with our investments stands there relative to both the categories and our competitors.
Ian M. Cook: Yes, well know even if you did drop off Ali, we didn’t provide that information on Venezuela and we won’t now, that the point I did make relative to Venezuela in the Latin America, is that we took pricing across Latin America in the fourth quarter, in the case of Venezuela, yes, it was episodic as we said in the third quarter it would be, because haven’t had pricing for several years that same episodic benefit also benefited our principal multi national competitors who got the same government approvals on key categories for them at exactly the same time we got out and indeed the local competitors was granted pricing as well. So everybody benefited from pricing in Venezuela. But the point to make is we took pricing across the board and then environment, where everybody was getting pricing our global growth rate was indeed 6%. In terms of the advertising yes you are right, one has to be conscious about the brand health as we call it. I will say that the kind of model that perhaps the many of us grew up with where what was accounted foreign trade spending was inherently bad and only the so called below the line spending was good. I think those days are gone, I think ones ability take Hispanic consumers in the U.S. that you can reach with in-store activity that may have a component of price, but might be much more driven by a coupon that has regionally dropped at high population areas. These kind of techniques are now available and they weren’t available before and you can measure them, you can execute them, retailers can handle different configurations to put them at work with a consumer, but coming back to the brands, we do, do tracking work and our tracking work around the world shows that if you take our Oral Care business around the world, the health is very, very good of those brands. So by all means we track it, sometimes from a short-term point of view if couponing or other activity steps up, you have no option at least in part to participate, but I think we’ve been one of the loudest voices at least I hope so in saying that we much prefer to compete in an environment of innovation with marketing support than price promotion, but we don’t see a weakness in brand health that is something of course we have and we will continue to track.
Ian M. Cook: I would say it is more the formal Lauren, and these are techniques that with our Colgate business planning and so on that we have learned to be efficient with, so its choiceful, but you know I also have to say take in environment like the United States, there is no question that that couponing environment has become more competitive and we have correspondingly become more competitive in that environment, but if I took an overall stance, I would say as we have been saying for a time that it is choiceful with techniques that we think not only reach the consumer, but actually strengthen the equity of our brands overtime.
Ian M. Cook: Yes, well, the first thing to say Javier the program is very much on track indeed has Bina said our performance in 2014 was up. If you look at our so far savings against the total we are running about half accrued. So its not a third and if you look at the activity going forward yes it is in the same areas that we had very much spoken to in the beginning. So it is the hubbing, it is what we are doing with our facilities and it is the expanded use of the Colgate business service centers and we are very excited by it, because we think as we have now seen in Europe not only does it bring you the immediate term savings, but it makes you operate smarter and faster and in a more efficient manner. So we like it, not just as a Global Growth and Efficiency Program, but because we think it ultimately gets this organizationally to a better place from an operating point of view.
Ian M. Cook: The Mexico hasn't changed for us. We certainly didn't see a 20% decline there nor did we see a 20% decline in China. So no that environment hasn’t really changed for us. Russia for us is still a relatively modest part of our business between 1% and 2%.. Chaotic may be overstating it that it is indeed difficult. And it is likely to become more difficult. We have lived this before at the end of the 80s. And indeed the senior executive that lived within is living it again now. And so that we know the actions to take from a structural cost point of view and we are taking those actions and of course we are taking pricing, and we are transferring funds and we are watching closely distributions and wholesalers. So, we are very much managing Russia from a containment point view. But we’re close to our businesses. So we believe we have a good handle. And interestingly shares were up. So maybe cold but there up.
Ian M. Cook: About 50 basis points. I think if you take India and the promotional intensity, actually India from doctor’s point of view was never particularly intense in our categories, now if you look at India, you know Bina I talked about the market share, we're approaching 55 and the competitor in question has about a 0.7 shares. So and our business there continues to be quite strong. In terms of Brazil, I would say yes the promotional intensity has dropped off a little bit in Brazil, which is a good thing. On gross margin Jason and I’m sorry with the glib response, but the gross margin is really one of phasing because as I tried to explain earlier we think that gross margin expansion is very much going to build across the year, because although we see the headline lowering of commodity costs and certainly oil the work through of that from our inventory point of view to its effect on resins, bottles, et cetera will take some time to be seen. And on the flip side the transaction impact, you know when ForEx goes to Guinea that hits you straight away whether it’s the stuff you have to pay and your payables whether it’s the dollar denominated raw materials that replace that what you are now having to pay for. So that’s immediate and the win back on the gross margin take a little bit more time. So I do think we’ll next year in a strengthened position gross margin wise, but it really is all to do with phasing. So I believe these were all the questions we have. End of Q&A
Ian M. Cook: Okay, so well thanks very much for catching up with us today and a special thank you all the Colgate folks that make it happen. Bye-bye.
