Ian M. Cook: Well, thanks for the question, Alice. I think we framed early on the impact of the devaluation. As you say, there is the onetime charge from the remeasurement of the balance sheet, and then we have said that the ongoing quarterly impact of the devaluation on the impact on EPS would be between $0.05 and $0.07 a quarter. And that has been the impact in the first quarter. Now when we focus on gross margin, why don't I perhaps take this opportunity to run through gross profit reconciliation and put it in the context of the full year. So for the first quarter, prior year gross profit, 58.2%. And we benefited this year from 60 basis points of pricing, no benefit from restructuring thus far. You will remember, we expect the restructuring benefits this year to come in the second half. Funding the Growth continued to be very, very strong, 140 basis points of benefit, the beginning of exactly the same curve that we enjoyed last year in 2012, a material price negative of 180 basis points. Now if you break down that material price negative, within that, there is 120 basis points of negative that has to do with the impact of the devaluation in Venezuela. You pick up 20 basis points essentially of mix and we end up with the 58.6% margin -- gross margin that we have this quarter, up 40 basis points. And to put that in a year context, we came in the year saying that we thought our gross margin might expand between 50 and 100 basis points. But we said very clearly in CAGNY after the devaluation of the Venezuelan currency, that we now expected in 2013 our gross margin to expand between 30 and 70 basis points, and so that 40 basis points gain benefit in the first quarter is exactly within that range.
Ian M. Cook: Yes, Dara, well, we continue to be quite pleased and bullish on the emerging markets. And in our categories, the data we have seen in the first quarter would support that. If one focuses on Latin America, our category growth rates continue to be in the high single digits. And if you talk about Brazil, our business in Brazil was up 17% on an organic sales basis. If you go around the other emerging markets, the category growth rates are increasing very, very nicely. And we see in the Greater China region, our organic sales up just under 10%. In Russia, you see us low double digits in terms of growth. The Latin American number that you have already seen, and I have mentioned Brazil. And even South Africa was up double digits on an organic basis. The sentiment, I'm just back from Southeast Asia, and when you look at the data and you talk to consumers, one gets the same optimism and confidence in the future that I got the last time I was in that part of the world. Our market shares likewise in these emerging markets continue to be quite strong. Brazil, our toothpaste share now up just under 72%. Our market share in Russia, approaching 33%. Our nearest competitor is flat at 15%, that 33% is up 1 point. China, we are at about 35% market share, and our nearest competitor is down under 18%. We're up 1 point. They're down 2.5 points. So I think both in terms of the consumer, their consumption and our ability to grow and then, on top of that, our continued share progress, we feel good about those emerging markets.
Ian M. Cook: To your pricing question, I think, as Bina said, we have and we continue on a journey to make pricing a core competency of our company so that we can best understand the sensitivities, the elasticities at how we manage pricing in the mix of all the marketing variables that we are managing around the world. And we put a lot of pricing model attention to where we take pricing, what specific variance, what SKUs in those variance, how we take that pricing to try and minimize the impact on volume. And I think we're very, very pleased with what we have been able to accomplish, particularly, as you say, in North America where we have managed to take price without prejudicing the volume growth of the top line. And clearly, that is both an objective and, hopefully, a capability that we can continue to build in the out years.
Ian M. Cook: Thanks, Javier, for the question. I think the answer -- and we appreciate everybody's exuberance and enthusiasm that the volume pickup would come sooner. But the answer, I think, is the same as the answer that certainly I gave most recently at CAGNY, what I think many of us have been giving over the last several months. The 2 big initiatives that we have are the relaunch of Science Diet with the more natural profile. As Bina said in her prepared remarks, that product is now fully in distribution. Media started at the very, very end of February, so essentially March. And the sampling and trial program for that business is really commencing now. To the heart of your question is our response directly to and within the natural segment, and that is captured by the Hill's Ideal Balance line. Again, as Bina said, we have completed distribution. And 2 major retailers, remember, we have a limited distribution profile for this business, are PetSmart and PETCO, and their shelf set adjustments are basically going in place right now. And the media on the Ideal Balance line basically started right now as is the sampling program and the consultants in-store behind the product. As we said at CAGNY, a, our consumer testing, both the pet parents and the pets love the product. We know the packaging and advertising engages and communicates. And the support we are getting from the retailers, the pet stores and the vets behind these 2 significant initiatives is very strong. That's what gives us the confidence. And to repeat what Bina said, we remain convinced that this business will return to volume growth in the second half of this year.
Ian M. Cook: Yes. Again, and I think we have articulated this many, many times on these calls, our focus is on innovation-led growth. To the extent that we can make that premium innovation-led growth, that the consumers will accept, we do. And that most certainly applies to Brazil in terms of a line extension on the back of the Optic White product, continued innovation in oral care and across our other businesses. And you're right, Chris, that is after dealing with the removal of a tax on product, which lowered pricing to both retailers and to consumers and created a little bit of temporary disruption in the marketplace for a couple of weeks. But it is really engaging with our consumers through marketing, where we are using increasingly marketing mix modeling to decide how we best engage with those consumers and deploy our funds accordingly. And it is innovation behind the full portfolio of products that we have in Brazil and then, of course, beyond the ground execution and by a very experienced management team in Brazil not just with the modern trade, but all the way through the down trade in that large and complex country.
Ian M. Cook: Well, thanks for the one question, Ali. Starting with your clarification, it is exclusively in Venezuela. The rest has to do with difference in timing of when we choose to take pricing in Latin America or at any other emerging markets, so nothing structural or fundamental there. I would challenge the secular notion and I would challenge this inevitable creep of cost of doing business theory. I would start by saying, you will know well that our return on invested capital is fairly elevated, certainly, compared to our peer group and to the S&P 500. But I guess our philosophy starts with the consumer as it should do with all packaged goods company. And the theory that as marketers, we are paid to create innovation, the consumers feel they got a value paying for. And from our point of view, we seek to make that value a premium for a premium benefit. We adjust access to our products by sizing and the pricing related to sizing, but we don't. And we have never subscribed to the notion that price promotion is a way of sustainably growing business. We respond to it where we need to, but we have always put a very large premium on innovation and engaging with consumers around that innovation. What we have been doing over several years is recognize the fact that you can engage with consumers very well and build brand equity very well at the retail level. And using our marketing mix modeling, we are deploying a lot of in-store techniques that maybe we weren't deploying 10 years ago. And some of that funding comes from broader commercial spending, which you don't see captured in the below-the-line advertising. So we are putting increased money in that space as well. And the affordability comes from the benefit of premium-ization, our sharp focus on Funding the Growth and the choice we made in the fourth quarter of last year to reorganize with our Global Growth and Efficiency Program to make sure in perhaps a medium-term choppy world, we were generating adequate funding to make sure we could sustain the top line growth of the company, which on this call we would reaffirm for this year as being between 6% and 7% from an organic point of view. So it's essentially a focus on premium-ization that the consumer values and a relentless focus on Funding the Growth and now our Global Growth and Efficiency Program to provide the funding that drives top line and also bottom line.
Ian M. Cook: Yes, the issue on customer development in SG&A is increased sales capability on the ground in emerging markets, most especially in Asia, a choice made to make sure we can continue to build world-class distribution in those countries and not simply have the product present, but to make sure that we have the product visible and organized on the shelf in the way we would want our brands to be presented. And as regards Total, we don't give that level of segment detail, but it is a big business. And there is concerted effort behind Total here in the U.S. as a complete equity as we bring the mouthwash to the marketplace in the second quarter.
Ian M. Cook: Thanks, Joe. I guess this sort of saturation notion is kind of overblown from a theory point of view. We still have lots of growth opportunity in our existing oral care businesses, penetration in some markets, per capita consumption in other markets. And we intend to mine that vigorously, certainly for the next decade and more. Around that, we have the opportunity to expand existing businesses that we have that may be pretty nascent to those categories in some of these emerging markets, think liquid body cleansing, think underarm, we can bring to these markets at the right time with the distribution prowess we have in these markets and continue to expand our portfolio quite, quite meaningfully. So I think when you get below the sort of 20,000-foot theory of it and get into the planning detail of actually making a vision concrete and agreeing what it is we should focus on and get done, we still think there is enormous growth. And remember, if you take a 25-year view and take category definitions that are oral care, personal care, pet nutrition and home care. Within personal care, we got into the underarm business by acquiring Mennen. We got into the liquid skin cleansing business in the U.S. by acquiring Softsoap, that we expanded our footprint in body cleansing in Europe by acquiring Sanex. So even within the category definitions we have, once we've taken every one of them global, there is still the opportunity to broaden our representation in segments of categories in which we do business. Oral care, by bringing Total to the U.S., we just established a global position in mouthwash. And we're just beginning that journey on powered toothbrushes. So there is still, we think, a very bright future for the categories that we have today well beyond the time frame you mentioned, Joe.
Ian M. Cook: Thanks, Jason. Well, clearly, we take a very strategic view on how we choose to reinvest that money. Frankly, we did that before we embarked upon the program. And we will be making, together as a management team with the involvement of our board, some choices in terms of where and what the significant aspects of strategic investment will be. When you bring it down to the notion of advertising investment, yes, we have taken it up absolutely and is the ratio in the first quarter. And we said and we stand by the fact that we plan to do that in 2013. I repeat the point, because I think it's important to register it, that with the capabilities available to companies like ours today, both analytically and in-store technique wise, we are quite consciously doing more and more at the store level to engage with consumers because the ability to do that in a very effective return on investment and executional way is significantly greater than it was 5, 10 years ago. And so the investment choices we make when you just talk about advertising will be yes in the traditional advertising engagement areas, which you will see below the line, but also in the so-called gross-to-net trade spending, which kind of comes off the top line, but is nonetheless investment funding that we deploy to grow the business. And I think you can rest assured, at least I hope you can rest assured, that as a group here, we will be doing the right thing in terms of Global Growth and Efficiency, plus our ongoing Funding the Growth programs, to make sure that we fund the growth while delivering a return.
Ian M. Cook: We're seeing wild exuberance, Bill, in [indiscernible]. No, I would say, certainly, the way we have planned this year and the way we have thought about our strategic planning over the next 5 years, we are still assuming low growth in Europe. We think that's the prudent thing to do, low single-digit category growth in our case. You do -- if you want to sort of then go to the next level of detail, you do see some buoyancy or greater buoyancy, obviously, I think, in Northern Europe compared to Southern Europe. We were quite pleased that our Southern European businesses basically performed at the same level that they did in the fourth quarter of last year, and we did not see a further deterioration. But I would say that we are talking about a low growth environment certainly for the next strategic cycle. If we are proven wrong and there is greater buoyancy, then that will be terrific. But we're not planning on it.
Ian M. Cook: Well, I think a few things to say. Number one, and Bina already referenced it, we saw some nice share growth across a broad array of categories, which means we were growing faster than the rate of category growth. That was one thing. Secondly, the timing of promotional events that we had in the first quarter of this year was different than the first quarter of last year, which you may recall was really the expansion of Optic White. And thirdly, we have begun to build distribution of the Total Mouthwash that we referenced in our remarks. And as far as the second quarter is concerned, I'm pleased to say that we have started off maintaining the pace that we had in the first quarter. So we feel good about that.
Ian M. Cook: Well, Ian, I think you have to kind of go back to pre-Venezuela and coming into this year. When we came into this year, we talked about EPS growth double digit on a dollar basis. And many people at the time -- frankly, even with the restructuring savings, which are relatively modest this year built in, people felt there was too much optimism on the top line and questioned our ability to deliver that. When the Venezuelan devaluation occurred, I think we were quickly, very clear about the impact. Obviously, the onetime balance sheet revaluation, you know well, and we shared that the EPS impact would be between $0.05 and $0.07 a quarter. And we kind of reaffirmed the math this quarter in saying that, that would translate to a narrow range of 5.5% to 6.5% increase. And we stand by that for the year.
Ian M. Cook: I think the opposite of that, Bill, we have been through these things many, many times before, devals, price controls and the like. And I think it would be fair to say that our expectation is that we would begin to rebuild margin going forward, yes.
Ian M. Cook: It was to do with pricing adjustments, Michael, that we took largely in Africa relative to some uncompetitive market positions.
Ian M. Cook: The answer to your second question is yes. The answer to your first question is we are always actively pursuing, as I mentioned earlier in talking about the innovation point, innovation that brings real benefit to consumers and adds value. And on the assumption we do meet with these professionals in the middle of the year, we'll be glad to have one of them talk to you.
Ian M. Cook: Well, the benefits come from a more benign commodity environment. The benefits come from our traditional Funding the Growth savings programs and obviously the continued introduction of innovation, which we seek to be premium, which is, therefore, accretive to margin. And as you rightly suggest, Lauren, and as Bina mentioned very clearly I think in her prepared remarks, and as we suggested we might, a lot of the structural work that we will be doing around the world has begun in Europe for obvious reasons.
Ian M. Cook: We continue to work with the government in Venezuela to get approval for CADIVI funds for the importation of product and has started the year quite nicely, in fact, in that regard. The new auction market mechanism that is replacing SITME, whilst we will work with it, we understand so far that the tranches of opportunity in that market are basically at about $2 million. So whilst we will look at it, I think in the main, we will be staying with the CADIVI process.
Ian M. Cook: Yes is the answer, Jon. It really is all of the above. I mentioned earlier the increasing focus we have on marketing mix modeling in terms of both our engagement marketing with traditional consumers and indeed our trial and awareness generating advertising for 4 new products in the developed countries. As you would expect, we are moving some of that investment into digital in terms of it being a strong engagement vehicle. In the emerging markets, more traditional vehicles continue to remain both affordable and effective. And again, as I mentioned earlier, and we think about the advertising going forward, don't forget that we are also putting a focus on what we call commercial spend, which is this trade spending, which is allowing us to do programs at retail, which are not just engaging and persuasive to consumers, but also help to build our brand equity and loyalty over time. So we are managing all of those things. We do this not on a ratio basis, I have to say, Jon. We do it from the ground up, market by market against what activities we have in countries as we get into each planning cycle. So the ratio is an output, and the split between the traditional advertising and what we do on trade spending is an output of that planning rather than a set ratio going into the planning.
Ian M. Cook: Yes. As you know, we don't talk about operating margins going forward, Mark. But I can say, from a gross margin point of view, we stand by that 30 to 70 basis points and the EPS that we have guided to that drives from that. And Latin America, I mentioned on the margin roll forward, that within the walk-through on gross margin, there was a negative of 120 basis points year-on-year for the world based on Venezuela and, therefore, Latin America. And that said, we still increased our gross margin by 40 basis points. So the Latin American gross margin is entirely to do with Venezuela, entirely. And it is our thrust, geography by geography, as you know, to expand our gross margin around the world and then to make choices as to how we invest the funds that flow from that. So given that the Venezuelan impact on the world was 120 basis points, you could imagine the impact in Latin America.
Ian M. Cook: No. Thanks for all of you on the call. Thank you very much for your questions. And as always, a big thank you to the Colgate folk around the world who get done what it is agreed we're going to get done. So thank you.
