Ian Cook: Okay, Ali, a broad question indeed. If you look at it sequentially for us, I think in the second quarter of this year, we saw and we've been talking about the heightened promotional activity and the fact that we had responded to it and that we were going to continue assuming that would be the new normal for the back half of this year. And despite that, we reaffirm the notion of double digit earnings per share growth for 2010. Yes, in terms of the longer-term, our objective is a sustainable double-digit earnings per share growth, but fairly constantly across the third quarter. And you and I had this discussion as well, the position we took was that, as we began our 2011 budgeting process for the year 2011, we would weigh what we were seeing around the world and what we were planning to do with our own businesses and make the right determination by the business. And as we had guided for 2010 in the third quarter of last year, we thought it was appropriate to give out preliminary thinking while our budget process is not finished. And that is that, with the competitive environment we see, with the initiatives that we have to build on what we still view as a strong business, we have the opportunity to strengthen and accelerate the top line growth in 2011 with our innovation stream, supported by increased trial-generating advertising and that's the way we're thinking about 2011. So that's the way we're approaching it, Ali.
Ian Cook: Well, we haven't finished our budgeting process, but we will be focusing on continuing to build our market shares in brands and geographies important to us. But I wouldn't be more specific than that at this stage.
Ian Cook: Yes, I guess, Wendy, we don't take that view. I think as we have revisited our strategic planning process, which leads into our budget process for 2011 and without any conceit, I think we feel that the strategic initiatives we have are sound and can continue to guide the company going forward. We feel the category choices we have made are sound in terms of the inherent growth rates over time and profitability over time in those categories. We think our geographic diversity positions us well over the medium term. What we are seeing, I think, in 2010 is heightened activity from some competitors who are perhaps recovering from a slower-than-traditional performance, and we are meeting that in 2010, and we have initiatives of our own in 2011 that we want to drive hard. And I'm sure in response to question, we will come back and talk about market shares around the world, the market shares are good. So we think we're making an investment of choice in order to accelerate the top line, in order to continue to build our brands and market share, and we're viewing this as we go into it as a 2011 focus. And we will revisit in the context of our strategic plan in 2012 budget those out years. But we do not believe that there is a structural change going on here.
Ian Cook: We are focusing always on trying to build our brands. We have said before that when we think about marketing and building trial and awareness, we prefer to use what you might call traditional advertising. That said, we have been building in-store shopper marketing activity, which comes in the gross-to-net calculation but particularly in those parts of the world that are responsive to that from a consumer point of view and that would be more of the developed world. So as we plan going forward, it will be a mixed tier between commercial activity at retail as part of our unintentional strategy, and it will be, what you might call the more traditional advertising and promotion, the media and the sampling below the line.
Ian Cook: I guess the way I would answer, Joe, first of all, my comments on the new normal to a certain extent was related to 2010. And we were simply saying on the last call that we weren't changing our view on the back half of the year based on remarks made by some, that maybe their pricing activity would be easing. My sense is, and our strong view is, we want to take the choiceful opportunity in 2011 to accelerate our top line and further strengthen our brands. And in order to do that, we are prepared to and want to increase our advertising, and with the backdrop of the competitive activity we're seeing. If you're projecting forward, what one could foresee happening is that maybe, the pricing intensity will lessen overtime, and advertising in that 11-plus area is a quite healthy level of advertising.
Ian Cook: Yes. Again, that's early in our process, Bill, but let me take this opportunity to do what we traditionally do and give you the role forward on our gross profit for the third quarter of this year, because it allows me to step in to the point for next year. If you looked at third quarter last year, our gross profit, it was 59.2. We have a headwind of material prices of 1.8, and we have Funding the Growth savings at Funding the Growth program of around 2, which gets you to the 20 basis points and the increased gross margin. Now if you move forward to 2011, and I stress, early days in our process as well as we are looking at it across all of our businesses including Hill's, we're seeing a range of headwind that could be in the 3.5% to 6% zone. And we are very, very focused on our Funding the Growth savings for 2011 as an ability to handle those commodity prices, and that we think at this stage, we can do.
Ian Cook: Well, I don't think I'll go as broad as the environment. Let me just talk about our philosophy and thinking on that topic. We view M&A, obviously, as a strategic activity. When we talk about the growth of our company, we don't say for any planning period, that the growth is going to be driven by a bolt-on acquisition. We rather talk about our philosophy. And our philosophy is we want to buy, to strategically strengthen priority categories for us. So categories of interest, would be Oral Care, Pet Nutrition and Personal Care. You're unlikely to see us with a buyer in the Home Care space. And I guess the bookend to that thinking is we are very disciplined in our financial calculations for an acquisition, and we strive, as they say, not to pay too much. And that has seen us in the past, you may recall when Pfizer sold their OTC business, not fit to buy all of that business just to get Listerine because we thought that would've been imprudent. And if I pointed to GABA and Tom's of Maine, our two most recent acquisitions, they are both outpacing the acquisition plan that we justified to our board to make the acquisition. So the headline would be, we remain interested in the right strategic acquisition, at the right price but we are not reliant on it in our planning for the sustainable growth of the company.
Ian Cook: Well let's talk about the categories. As we said on the last call, we continue to see now what we saw then, and that is that the emerging markets around the world are growing high-single digits on a value basis. And the categories in the developed world are growing low-single digits, with the U.S. ahead of Europe. As to whether or not that's macros or self-fulfilling, it's a bit chicken and egg, there is no question in low-growth environment, some deflationary pressure, partly consumer, partly retail and partly competitive. But that's the spread around the world, and that's what we are looking at going forward, we believe. When you come to the competitive pace of activity, Glaxo has always been a healthy competitor in the Oral Care space, maybe more headline attention now, given our activity on Sensitive Pro-Relief, but there has always been intensity from them. And in the case of Procter & Gamble, it is limited to the markets that we talked about every time we're on the call. And in fact, why don't I use that maybe as sort of a jumping off point to talk about some of those markets and give you the headline market shares around the world. If I start with the bricks, you know our share in Brazil approaching 71% and that up against the second and third multinational competitors, one at about 3% share and the other at about 14%. Russia as Bina said, we continue to hold a strong leadership position, twice the level of our nearest competitor who is declining on a year-to-date basis. India, our share is up as Bina said. China, our market share is up, and the nearest multinational competitor is down a point. And Mexico, the market share is running around 83%, with the nearest multinational competitor around 11%, 11.5%, and the more near end trends favorable to us. And I could show you that on toothbrushes around all of those markets where we continue to make favorable progress. So I would say GlaxoSmithKline situation as before, and Procter & Gamble, the new markets that we have talked about before, and the kind of results I've just taken you through.
Ian Cook: The Nielsen Scan data shows that it's getting better. And remember, Bill, we have seen these things before. And I've often said, our 85%, 86% can drift down to 81%, 82% and their 8% to 9% can drift up to 13%, 14%. And then there is a cycle to these events, pleasingly, the near-end market share show the share on their side weakening as our share strengthens. Obviously, we will continue to be attentive to what we're doing in the market. I was actually just down there in the past several weeks, then I was in Russia and India and feel quite comfortable with the programs they have in place.
Ian Cook: Yes. When we were working our way through the restructuring process, you'll remember we took up our more historical gross margin annual expansion range from 50 to 100 basis points, to 75 to 125 basis points. And if you go back to history when commodity prices are -- we have tended to say that we will be at the low-end of that 50 to 100-basis-points range, and when commodity prices are with you, we would tend to be at the higher-end of that range in a world without restructuring. So as we think gross margin going forward, that's how I think we should think about it for 2011. Pricing, again, if you take out the extraordinary years of 2008 and 2009, the contribution of price on a global basis has tended to be in the 0.5% to 1.5% range. And again, while early days, I think as we think about 2011, we should think about it in those terms. And to your final point, always we are considering opportunities we have, linked as we are by SAP around the world now, to regionalize or globalize our process, organization, structure, and sourcing. We talked on the last call about the opening of the European business service center in Warsaw and how we're running the back office with 27 operations through that hub, bringing savings benefit and better quality, more efficient reporting. And to the extent we can identify more of those, and we are aggressively pursuing them in that overhead area, we will be most certainly executing them, working them through the P&L as we can for 2011, no question. And some of the initiatives that we have underway, obviously contributed to the 20 basis points gain that we got in reduced overhead in this quarter. So you're right, Jason, a strong area, we're focused on top of our more traditional gross margin-oriented initiatives.
Ian Cook: Let's talk about the consumer. I think true around the world but particularly true in the developed world, the consumer is looking for value. And as we have said before, value is not priced, necessarily. And therefore, I think our and other people's job as marketers is to continue to create an innovation stream but while offering innovation at all price points has the ability to have consumers pay a higher price and want to pay a higher price, and believe they get the right value from a superior product. And that's, for example -- is exactly the strategy that is playing out with Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief, a clinically proven benefit of instant and long-lasting relief, a super premium-priced and the consumer thinks that price is worth paying for the benefit that they are getting. As we see the consumer behavior translated into purchasing, we tend to see them staying with the same brand. So if they were buying our Colgate Total, which is a premium-priced product, they continue to buy Colgate Total. And being a talked about some of the shares in Mexico, for example, strengthening even though it is a premium business. What we are seeing more of, is the consumer changing the way she is shopping. And we are seeing the discount club and mass merchandise retailers are getting more of the consumer's business and then also, interestingly in the U.S, the drug or the small mom-and-pop stores getting the business, usually the larger stores at the beginning of the payday cycle, and the smaller stores at the end of the payday cycle. So that's kind of the consumer's behavior. Stays with brands, private label going down, as Bina said in the U.S., particularly on Personal Care and Oral Care categories, but buys in different places and is seeking value. So that's the shape of the consumer.
Ian Cook: Yes. Our current thinking, Lauren, is it's not going to be such an effect next year. We're thinking that in fact, is going to be similar to what it was this year. So you can take the 3.5% to 6% as basically, the percentage increase on this year, dollar cost for buying all of our raw and packing materials.
Ian Cook: Nearer 3% to 4% in terms of the category growth. Nearer 3% to 4%. And that's all categories everywhere around the world, right? So that's all categories.
Ian Cook: Well let me just say, Lauren, I read your note. You are right. If you look at the third quarter, volume without Venezuela, it is sequentially modestly down for Latin America compared to the second quarter, which is what you were deducing, I guess. The comment I would make though is, that sequentially Mexico and Brazil, second to third, are up. And the impact in Latin America specific to this quarter was the impact of the timing of promotional activity, specifically in Columbia.
Ian Cook: It's difficult to answer that question with precision, John. But as I said earlier, if we talk trade spending in two parts now. One is strict price promotion, the other maybe sharper marketing activity at retail which includes merchandising and display activity. My bet is that over time, we will see the price promotion ease. Now when to call that, is a difficult thing to do, and as we said on the second quarter call, we haven't assumed that for the balance of this year. But the other part of trade spending, which is related to sharper marketing initiatives based on the marketing strategy and an insight to drive brand engagement at the retail level, is actually in our view a good strategic investment with a good ROI not just in terms of the impact on category and brand volume and share at retail level but also in terms of building the equity, particularly in those more challenged North American and European environments. So its completing the job of brand engagement at retail level and not all of it is price related.
Ian Cook: Frankly, John, haven't completed the process. That really is one where all of them listening to the general chatter at 60,000 feet, we prefer to go through it country by country and understand the data of what exactly is going on in Thailand versus Equitable versus Denmark. So I'll take a pass on that and we will most surely answer it once we have been through budget process on the next call.
Ian Cook: I would say, Victoria, and again, we're talking preliminary here, and we're talking in a world where all other things are unchanged, which is to say, we don't just spy an acquisition that seems realizable, that our preliminary thinking would be, that 2011 would be around the same level as 2010.
Ian Cook: Well if you look at this on that point, Alec, if you look at this quarter, we got 210 basis points of gross margin on our Funding the Growth.
Ian Cook: Yes. I actually had it by month, it's not broken down by quarter because, well, just because I don't. If you look at all outlet shares in the U.S., we're about neck and neck with our leading competitor in the mid-30 area. If you track per month, the latest period is consistent with that at about exactly the same level as the year-to-date. The prior month was slightly lower by a point or two based on the introductory activity behind their whitening product, the 3D Whitening product, which indeed got off to a very good start. And of course, as Bina mentioned on the call, we are now at work in terms of that relaunch with Colgate Total, with our innovation activity coming back in the fourth quarter. So year-to-date, about evens. And if I take the months of the third quarter because I don't have the entire month, July and September at about the same level, August, slightly lower.
Ian Cook: No. Our market share is modestly down year on year, largely related to the incursion effects. So our market share, in total, is about a point down.
Ian Cook: In terms of our focus, the focus for us would be on A&P. So to the extent that we can hold our pricing, and remember, we haven't been through the process yet in that 0.5 to 1.5 range, terrific. If we don't believe we can in terms of the plan, then that won't be the contribution from price. But our orientation is to try and put as much of our investment spending on A&P to drive the trial of the new product flow that we have.
Ian Cook: Let me try and give you some global data on that. We can talk anything we want, Andrew. Let me get third quarter and maybe let's talk organic growth for the year in the quarter?.
Ian Cook: What you see in terms of the organic growth is Oral Care, strong mid-single digits; Personal Care, mid-single digits; and Home Care, low single-digit. So that's the profile, it's been for quite a while because obviously, we put more of our effort behind the Personal Care categories as you know from our strategy. So our Oral Care business as you say, and these are global numbers by the way, this is not talking U.S. now, so that has been pretty consistent, pretty consistent around the world, market by market. If you focus in on the U.S. the one competitive spot beyond Oral Care in the U.S. business has been the set up activity in this liquid. And you know what that has been, the introduction of a new brand to compete in that space. Our market share is down about a point. And we have responded with sizing and pricing actions that are underway, and we have three new strong pieces of innovation coming early in 2011, only one of which I will talk about, which is a dish liquid that provides a germ-killing benefit, actually on the plates themselves for superior hygiene which we think is a strong idea. Retail reaction has been good, and we will be driving that business aggressively as we get into the new year. Otherwise, the U.S. profile is pretty much like the rest of the world.
Ian Cook: Frankly, Nik, the growth numbers in the category are still in those high-single digits. I mean you're either shifting people between brands with pace of bringing new people into a category or increasing their per capita consumption, tends to have uneven notes to it. So you may get period-to-period shift but on an annualized basis, the growth rates are still in the zone that I've mentioned to you. In terms of segments that we are not in, where we can drive performance and growth, you know of course, that if you go around the world and look at the segments in Oral Care, toothpaste is by far and away, the single biggest segment, followed by toothbrushes and then third would be mouth rinse. And of course, you know from some of Bina's remarks and comments that we have made before, that we have, for the last several years, had a very strong focus and still do have a very strong focus on driving both that category, which is in many countries, growing double-digit consistently, and of course, building our market share at the same time. And mouth rinse shares both growth and the gross margin characteristics that we so like in Oral Care. So I guess the third territory that we would stick out is the international mouthwash market.
Ian Cook: I'm not sure it helps to go there. It's a Personal Care category that doesn't fit within our strategic frame.
Ian Cook: To the second question, we debate options often. We have elected thus far, not to change the way we guide. We are a diverse global company, and therefore, we guide the way we guide in terms of the dollar performance as it actually is. In terms of Latin America relative to the playbook, now I would say our thinking relative to the playbook has not changed. The principal weight on Latin America this year has been Venezuela playing out.
Ian Cook: Yes. The short answer is, yes. The sizing and pricing is in place. As Bina said, we have seen volume, reported volume, dollar-weighted volume increase in Europe. And in the U.S., we have for the past six months seen units increase and for the last couple of reporting periods, seen that convert into volume growth. So we believe the mechanical fix that needed to be made is both made and is effective at retail. As we said on the last call, and to your point, modest nearly flat volume this quarter, expectation for flat next and a return to volume growth in 2011. And as we have said on previous calls, that has a lot to do with the innovation stream that we are now bringing to bear on Hill's. Bina mentioned some of them, and there are several others that have not yet been announced publicly, and therefore I will refrain. But the move now is having fixed the base. We're now moving to a stepped up innovation flow supported by trial building, marketing activity, and we are hopeful of turning back to good, sustainable volume growth in 2011.
Ian Cook: Yes, Alice. Absolutely. Part of our intention here is setting ourselves the target of returning to the pace of organic growth that we have seen in the not-too-distant past. Yes.
Ian Cook: Well that's what our preliminary budget planning is taking us to. We will work through the budget process and put the plans together necessary to do that. So that's our intention, yes.
Ian Cook: That's a very broad question. I guess, my only way of answering it would be to say that we continue to see in Oral Care the premium price and margin accretive variants lead the growth of that business, which would be a way of saying, yes, that's certainly our portfolio mix would be favorable. Beyond that, I really don't have the data on the top of my head to answer.
Ian Cook: Mix is less of an issue in home care, because the portfolio tends to be more of homogenous from a margin point of view. Okay. Well, thanks, very much guys. Thanks to all the Colgate people around the world who make it happen and talk to you in the new year.
