Ian Cook: Thanks for the one question, Dara. So let me take them in turn. What is not typical about 2019 is the scale innovation on what Noel is calling the core businesses. Now we had mentioned Science Diet before. This is the first time we had mentioned Science Diet. We mentioned Total before which is a seven-share global brand. And Science Diet as I say is that nearly half of the Hill's business and these will not be the only scale businesses you'll be hearing about in 2019. That is different from traditional innovation cycles. On top of that, as Noel said, we have the adjacent work that is underway on Naturals across the portfolio and quite a broad array of what I would call normal innovation on the business. So the big difference -- and I'm not going to break out in a quantification sense, but the big difference is scale business -- scale core business, relaunches which by the way terrific technology, terrific consumer acceptance, and we know now with Total, terrific advertising vehicles that have tested extraordinarily well. To your second point -- and again, I think this is an important point to make. One of the reasons we talked over the last couple of years about sustaining advertising investment and is you need to do two things; you need to maintain the relevance of the equity of our brand which means maintaining continuous advertising support behind the brand in the world with lots of distractions and change. In 2019, the advertising at that we are putting behind these scaled innovations is incremental advertising. So, we're maintaining advertising support on the equity and we are adding advertising to drive awareness and trial which gets repeat and then builds into a virtual cycle of continuous growth. But we need to get trial of products that are new that are scaled products. So, that is the focus of the advertising. And within that you obviously have the continued shift to case of Hill's, it's all digital. So, you have those executional intricacies. But from a big picture point of view that is the approach. And we're confident in the payback in the sense of the expectation we have for growth and market share on those innovations which as we have said have taken a long time to bring together and we think will set change of the business going forward. In other words create an inflection point for the growth of the company that based on the quality of products, will continue beyond 2019. So, that's the confidence.
Ian Cook: Yes. Jason there is innovation every year and we see a barrage of labels that say new and improved. But frankly like most things in life there's new and improved and new and improved. And this we view as the biggest breakthrough since we came with the original Total product. It has been many years in the making in terms of delivering the claims that Noel has mentioned in delivering the flavors that have as much indeed better appeal than the existing flavor which in a taste business is something you have to be very focused on. And most importantly, the consumer has reactivated in all of our testing, interestingly not just consumer testing, but in market testing that we did if you will under the radar with no advertising, but at significantly higher pricing, because of the quality of the product and the consumer response is very good. And that is why I made the point about the quality of the advertising as well. So, we know we have a quality product. We do see it as breakthrough. We have been working with dental professionals since the fourth quarter of last year to convey the richness of studies we have behind the product. And we now have advertising that we know is persuasive and motivating and got through with customers. And on top of that, we are getting extraordinary support from our retail partners in terms of shelving and in terms off-shelf display to generate the trial of the product. And that's why I'm sort of distinguishing the scale of these core relaunches. This is not sort of couple of blue dots in and call it new and improved. So it's a big difference and it's why we are investing through all of the stakeholders involved in the brand that it is a breakthrough which is incremental investment, because trial bills over a two year period for a new product so the time is now. Now triclosan we are in different. We were quite clear when we spoke about this relaunch at Barclays last September that the new formula would replace the existing formula that contains triclosan that happens to be because we have a better product today than we had with the old product. And that was a great product and we stood behind that product all the time from a scientific point of view. This just happens to be a better product and that's where we are moving to.
Ian Cook: Yes. Lauren good question. It's not an exclusive thing. One trend in the marketplace is that the value growth of the marketplace is accelerating because of premiumization. Premiumization happens in two ways; one is great businesses get better, creates more value for the consumer and receive more value as a brand which is the Total story. The second is we see many smaller brands at premium pricing in niche segments in the category. And I talked a little bit earlier about Vedshakti. We could talk about Tom's of Maine, which continues to grow quite nicely, which is a unique brand. We could talk about -- again about the charcoal variance what had been mention. So, when we talk about premiumization, it's both of those things. We're not just talking about Total. And we also are not forgetting the penetration opportunity in the world. I have said before on these calls that still our volume share is higher than our volume share; one out of two physical tubes of toothpaste on the planet are Colgate tubes of toothpaste. And yes, we want the premiumization. But we also want the users of our product -- and one of the reasons our volume share is higher is because when we entered markets, we made sure that we had the portfolio that had an entry price point that was available to the most rural market entry consumer we could find. And then behind that we have put the Bright Smiles, Bright Futures programs in those emerging markets. We have talked recently about the work we are doing across Africa which has been stepped-up substantially. And I would repeat when we talk about investment, yes, we're putting in investment behind the innovation, but we are also increasing the investment behind market penetration because we think that that is an important aspect of our sustainable growth over time just based on the average use of toothpaste and the users around the world. So, they're not mutually exclusive, I guess, is the point. We have focused on the innovation because that is a big driver for 2019. But by no means does that mean we are reducing our effort on building market penetration.
Ian Cook: Yes, I think if we take the categories and you look around the world, we're in a place where you see Europe still flat to 1%, you see North America north of 2%, and you see the emerging markets in that 4% to 6% range. When you take it all together you're talking about 2%, 2.5% underlying category growth rates. Now if I come back to what's going to drive the shape of that 2% to 4%, I'm not going to break down the scale versus the underlying business is because we are doing a lot of smart things on all of the other businesses that we have. But it is the combination of those that give us the confidence in that 2% to 4% spread, particularly entering the year of the encouraging 2% in the fourth quarter.
Ian Cook: Yeah. A good question, Steve. A large part of it is A&P – a large part of it is A&P. When you start breaking down SG&A you're also going to see that we have logistics in our SG&A and that has topped out reasonably high at the end of this year. And if it continuous at the same level when you look at the fourth quarter that will be a component of the increase – an in SG&A. And yes you're right to the extent that digital is requiring personnel and locations and capabilities that might get picked up elsewhere in SG&A. We have also been putting that in place and that underlies Noel's comment about extending into those areas. So you're going to see a bit of logistics predominantly A&P and then also a little bit in the overhead area supporting our continued push into the digital space.
Ian Cook: Yes. Again, thank you for the single question. I think the most important focus in 2019 is to continue progress on accelerating growth off an encouraging fourth quarter. And I think two things to say, you kind of really asked two questions; one is what happens longer term from a return point of view; and the other was is this cost of doing the business. So let me kind of break the two. And we're not going to get into discussions about 2020, because it's too much uncertainty between now and then in terms of what could happen with foreign exchange, raw materials and other factors. Our spending this year is dictated by the amount of activity that we have on our core businesses as well as the other opportunities that Noel talked about. And we believe that this level of support and the quality of the innovation should drive an improvement in our organic sales growth in that 2% to 4% range. That will of course leave us in a better position as we enter 2020 and beyond. And if our plan evolves the way we are expecting, raw material pressures will lessen in the second half as will foreign exchange which should lead to a sequential improvement in our earnings growth rate and bring us into 2020 with good momentum. And that will set us up for 2020 and beyond. Now if you flip it the other way and say is this investment behind growth or is this simply the cost of doing the business, you can kind of step back from that question as well. And I think it's been clear that for the past several years, one could say since the financial crises growth has been more challenging. And what can happen and we have observed does happen is that when growth is challenging that people are willing to pay more for it and you see that in our categories and you sometimes see and we have seen and we have commented about competitive activity that is more in the trade spending area to drive volume rather than build brands. So that said, we're not spending more because we have to but because we have innovation and marketing programs that are worth spending on now. Now one thing I would say and I should have said in response to an earlier question, one encouraging aspect at this time is that pricing appears to get better. I had talked about you have seen the pricing we got in the fourth quarter. I talked about the rollover pricing and the Total and Hill's pricing that is already set at over two-thirds of our pricing in 2019. So, if we move into an environment where pricing is positive and you're hearing similar commentary from many in our space and competition happens in the advertising line not above the net revenue line then marketing and innovation will win out not price promotion. And I think we view that as a good thing for the future.
Ian Cook: Yes, as usual a very well-framed question. I think the answer has to be that we believe it is because that is the plan we have put together and the way I think I would frame it; I tried to capture it a little bit in the answer to the previous question. There is a difference between to your point innovation in niches that do take time to grow. We're very pleased with Vedshakti, but it's taking time to build. We know we have a winning product. We will be patient and we will be successful. So, again, I come back to the difference here is your taking scale businesses. You're making significant relaunches with better quality product perceivable to the consumer and you are focusing your investment on generating trial. When you generate the trial, our data says we will get elevated levels of repeat and that becomes a virtual cycle. If these businesses, as we plan and expect them to do, driver growth and market share, then as you progress through year, you come out of 2019 in a very good place, growth reestablished, scale businesses to your point about market share with growing market shares and then you enter 2020 in a very different place with an activity array that will be different, strong. Clearly 2020 has been worked upon for a while and we we’ll decide based on that activity plate what is the necessary level of investment. But it'll be driven by the activity that we have and based on our planning it will be driven by activity on a 2019 that sees us get back to a stronger rate of growth. 
Ian Cook: Yes. No thank you and fair question. You can rest assured actually if I take funding the growth first, when you go through our gross margin role forward, I know John did it in general but our funding the growth savings in the fourth quarter were 280 basis points compared to 250 basis points in the fourth quarter of 2017. So you can rest assured that internationally we have as challenging a goal in place for 2019 and suffice to say we tend to push a little beyond the goals we have established. So there is no lack of focus on trying to generate more from our funding the growth program. On the Global Growth and Efficiency Program you will remember way extended it one year. We have a variety of new initiatives already baked in that take advantage of the steps we've been making in the three major areas which is the hubbing, the shared service centers and the rationalization continuing on facilities. And of course, we are working very diligently to see if you can train the new, not yet in the plan opportunities that we can add to those initiatives. And if we find them we will certainly pursue them and we are certainly looking forward to them. So it was not absent. We have set a plan where we are, but we have not -- we are not stopping looking aggressively. 
Ian Cook: Okay, well let me -- from an e-commerce point of view, one of the reasons and indeed it was Noel that brought the partnerships in one of the reasons we are pondering with Hubble and with Bombay Shave is to give us some external insight into these areas, techniques that we can experiment with. And so yeah, we are exploring all of the different ways you can go-to-market from an e-commerce point of view and will continue to broaden what we experiment with going forward. And the Hill's direct-to-consumer, the importance of that is that there are certain group of consumers but for further convenience of shopping online. And yet for a prescription product, you need a vet recommendation and indeed they often seek of that recommendation. So if you're a dyed in the wool online shopper, right now you can't get that from your local vet online. You have to get it physically from that local vet. So this provides the capability to maintain the engagement of the vet and yet give the recipient of the product, the product delivered in the way they want and we have found with our subscription modeling, but of course at that gives the Pats actually better quality health in the sense that they will stay on the diet and get the full benefit of the product.
Ian Cook: Yes. Well, thanks Robert. China, as we said, made sequential improvement, but continued to be down as we work through the very complicated destocking areas to get the pricing -- substantial pricing that has been taken to the shelf. And yes, you're right, as we said earlier, we expect that to be a journey and whilst we expect to see sequential improvement in the first half of the year, we don't expect to return to positive growth and will the second half. Share is a holding in okay. Consumption is holding in okay. Dare to Love was repeated with Alibaba this year, but the important new news was Elmex. And that product started on team with Alibaba and it's up to over one share point. So, a reasonably good start for a slow-build therapeutic product. And we're quite pleased with that. And as Noel mentioned, we'll be going with an at-home whitening offering in China online the same way that happens to be a high-growth area as well in China. So, a lot of plans in place. And we are just going to have the have the patience to work through it.
Ian Cook: Yes, as you said we were pleased with the pricing that we have taken. And as you rightly say, there is always an impact on volume. So, as we think about it for next year, the plan we have is a balanced between pricing and volume. And it would be fair to say that the recovery of volume at least in the emerging markets as you say is spread across the year. Said from a big picture point of view, it is pricing-lead growth for the year, but there's a volume component.
Ian Cook: Yes. Well thanks for the questions. Frankly, Mark, you answered your own first question. And that was what I was trying to imply by that these stocks are working through, so we are working the pricing to the consumer, but it is delayed as we work through the complicated inventory destocking. But I didn't know where you were going to go with the professional skincare business in terms of our learning. I think one thing we would say is that we obviously as Noel said expanding the portfolio in the geographies that we have which we think will continue to drive the strong growth of that business. The other thing I would comment at this stage in terms of the top line for North America you will remember that effective 2019 that PCA and Elta will now be incremental to the organic growth of North America which is a nice uptick for that business. As to the idea of retail, I think our thinking is we are likely to take the model and expand more products in the portfolio to other locations as a first step, but I wouldn't rule out retail at a point in time. But I don't think given all of the other things as you suggested we are focus on this year that 2019 would be the year that we would consider that.
Ian Cook: Well, I'm not a macroeconomist. So, what we tend to focus on is consumer behavior. Obviously, we -- the one where the lines crossed, if you will, was what we saw in Latin America with the lack of customary inflation which we think given the underlying commodity price pressures is beginning to come back. I guess the other conclusion we have grown is that Mexico seems to be six months ahead of Brazil. And while we stay very vigilant on Brazil, an optimistic view would see that perhaps follow the same curve. Beyond that, I wouldn't make any significant predictions. These are products that tend to be more fundamental usage products and we have enough bandwidth in our portfolio to scale down and scale up depending the way the market grows. And even in Brazil where the category has suffered, our market share has held up surprisingly well. Those are the only comments I think I'm informed enough to make.
Ian Cook: Yes, interesting question Andrea. I think pricing generally moves to the direct trade more quickly than it does the indirect trade and we had made that point on the last call. And then when we talked about the destocking, I think, we laid out quite clearly the fact that the distribution go-to-market now has become enormously complicated in terms of the multiple ways people can buy a product whether it's a direct, whether it's indirect, whether it's online, whether it's offline. And that is what created the complication compounded by the fact you have less visibility with the indirect channel than you do with the direct channel. So, it is the indirect channel, but remember the indirect channel in China still goes to modern trade outlets, supermarkets. So, it's that that's going to have to work its way through.
Ian Cook: Yes. I'll speak for John. In terms of -- actually the point of making the comment on the pricing was to suggest confidence that we will indeed realize all of the pricing, given that more than two-thirds of it is already in place now. And given what we know is the first half headwind in terms of raw materials and foreign exchange and given what we see and hear from competitors operating in similar spaces. So unless you hear otherwise, our intention was to convey confidence in our ability to deliver the pricing. And in terms of operating profit as you know, we don't guide operating profit. We guide to the gross margin and the EPS. And to your point on gross margin, if we realize the pricing and our funding the growth ambitions of the year, we are comfortable with our 30 to 50 basis points guide on gross margin. So I believe those are all of the questions. I thank you for joining the call and we look forward to talking with you in April. 
