Ian M. Cook: Thanks for the one question, Joe. So to come to the points on guidance, you are absolutely correct. Indeed, we've already seen some notes where folk have picked that up. It is entirely due to Venezuela, which is unchanged from what we told you earlier in the year, and the additional 1% reduction in the range is due to the foreign exchange volatility and the strengthening of the dollar we saw in the last 4 to 6 weeks of the quarter and is predicated against the current spot rates. The growth part of your question I think merits a little bit of perspective. As you might suppose, we are pleased with the fact that as a company, we have this quarter between 53% and 54% of our worldwide sales in the higher-growth emerging markets. But we also believe that the decisions we took some 30 years ago to focus on the categories in which we do business continue to be a positive factor in the sense that we are marketing products that are everyday-use products for people brushing their teeth, cleaning their bodies, looking after their homes and indeed caring for their pets. So we think the category choice is durable. Now when you look around the world, as we have said on many previous calls, we continue to see the U.S. categories grow low single digits. We continue to see Europe grow extremely low single digits. Indeed some of the categories are flat and some are modestly negative, not new news and something that we have been factoring into our planning for some time. When you turn to the emerging markets, notwithstanding the macro news that we have been reading about, our data so far shows that those categories continue to maintain high single-digit growth rates, which is very pleasing. And of course, we are focused very, very closely on seeing whether any of that macro commentary turns into a category pressure for our businesses. But that being said, even with that, we are reaffirming our 6% to 7% organic growth rate for the year. As Bina said earlier, our new product pipeline already executed in the market and the ones that Bina mentioned for the balance of the year is extremely strong. Secondly, we are encouraged by our market share progress around the world, which obviously gives you incremental growth beyond the category growth. Third, our Hill's business, which we had expectation to turn positive in the second half of the year, has indeed done so with a faster start than we were expecting, and we get that benefit for the balance of the year. And finally, as many of you have already noted, our comparisons in the second half from an organic top line point of view are somewhat easier than they were in the first half of the year. And then finally, on gross profit, let me take this opportunity to run through the second quarter, the gross profit roll-forward. So if you start with 57.9%, which was the second quarter gross profit in the prior year, pricing gave us 40 basis points Funding the Growth, following our usual pattern where second quarter Funding the Growth steps up from the first, was 210 basis points, actually better than what we delivered in 2012. Material prices were a headwind of 180 basis points, and the combination of that and the pricing gives us the 70-basis-point growth that we saw in the second quarter. And yes, we are very much staying with our gross profit guidance of 30 to 70 basis points and, of course, extremely pleased with the year-to-date progress at the higher end of that range. And there's one other thing I should add relative to the gross margin and also relative to the earnings guidance, because of the currency volatility, and that is our plans for the balance of the year, of course, have us offsetting the transaction impact of foreign exchange in order to continue that gross margin progress. That's the end of the answer.
Ian M. Cook: Yes, we were very pleased with the progress in the U.S. Obviously, it traces back, as you will already have seen, to the gross margin, which expanded extremely healthily. And as we said in the release, that gross margin obviously used to fund advertising investment and indeed fund a little bit of stepped-up debt for promotional activity, which most of you have seen as we came towards the end of the quarter, which comes nicely back to the top line, and then good control of non-variables in the geography. So certainly, our expectation in our U.S. business is to sustain the growth in our gross margin, whether it will be as strong as the first half of the year, which indeed was extraordinarily strong, we will have to see. But our plans in a relatively benign commodity cost environment with our traditional strong Funding the Growth program, as we look forward, sees us with continued strong gross margin progress.
Ian M. Cook: Yes, John. Well, I guess, the headlines would be and indeed that was the point I was trying to make in talking about the categories in response to the first question. We do think there is a difference between an everyday health and wellness, and indeed in Brazil, pet nutrition business to perhaps more discretionary types of categories. As we even saw during the sub-prime, you will remember we talked about it that people stayed with behavior in Brazil, and we use Brazil as an example. And they did not trade down. They stayed, if they were buying one of our premium offerings, as indeed they are buying Optic White today, they stayed with those premium offerings because they saw value in the benefit they were given, number one. Number two, without being too self-effacing, we believe that the combination of the innovation and the marketing programs that we have in the emerging geographies, Brazil being a very good example, outsizing, outpricing the way we distribute, the visibility we focus on at retail when we distribute, the timing of our promotions, all things that sound extremely fundamental and extremely basic, and they are. But we believe doing them well makes a difference in terms of continuing to reach all of your consumers in the different areas of the country at the different price points that they buy and making sure that you keep that consumer connected to you. And finally, indeed, as we speak, in many markets, we have and continue to move with pricing to the degree necessary to offset the transaction impact.
Ian M. Cook: Alice, in response to your comment, the answer to the first question is the same answer as it was in the first quarter. So absolutely, yes. And the answer to the second question is no.
Ian M. Cook: Yes, well, Ali, your -- and we've, I think, at least around the edges, had this discussion before. The impact on the top line of the foreign exchange is about 3%, 3.5%, and the impact on the bottom line is about 1 percentage point more than that, for reasons of geographic mix and dollars denominated, corporate overhead and factors like that. So there is a difference, and that's the case there. Hill's, again, I repeat, we are extremely pleased. We think we have the right innovation to build the true naturals entry that we have with Ideal Balance, to stabilize and rebuild our everyday wellness product in Science Diet and to continue to advance with clinically proven therapeutic efficacy, our prescription product, Prescription Diet. As we have said a couple of times, but certainly in the first quarter, moving to Ideal Balance and relaunching the Science Diet product was a choiceful investment in formulation to be successful and competitive and regrow the business, and that is job #1. I think we have said that our expectation on the Hill's business is to bring that business back to mid-single digits organic growth pace. And without getting into the specifics, you can rest assured that there is a very well-thought-through plan embedded in our strategic planning to rebuild the Hill's gross margin over a period of time.
Ian M. Cook: Europe is a very tough environment. And I think it would be fair to say that in that environment, the expectation built into our plan continues to show modestly negative pricing in Europe. I would say that the innovation spread that we have across all price points, which is to say our premium innovation and the value innovation that Bina mentioned, is not in any way gross margin dilutive.
Ian M. Cook: Yes, Bill, it really is that -- obviously, given the time we have waited for this, we wanted to be thoughtful about stating when we would see the turn. The preliminary plans we had showed activity leading to a result in the third quarter. The fact of the matter is, working very closely with those 2 major retailers, PETCO and PetSmart, the execution was accomplished slightly faster than planned and with good effect, as you see. And then as Bina mentioned also, we have now followed that up with a lot of innovation to follow the base innovation towards the end of the second quarter and into the third quarter to keep that momentum going, with continued support from those retail partners. So it really is that simple. The execution was just accomplished a little bit quicker than we had originally forecast.
Ian M. Cook: Okay, well first of all, a great, great name, so I'll take a long time answering this question, Ian. The answer in North America is exactly as you suppose, which is that it is trial building behind innovation that we have. Remember, in the U.S., couponing is also included in pricing, and that is a very important vehicle in conjunction with retailers to build trial. And I mentioned, given some of the marketplace activity we were facing, we indeed stepped up our promotional activity selectively and we like, as you say the balance we got for that price versus the growth. And of course, we still saw a terrific expansion in gross margin. And we've been saying for quite a long time on these calls, that when you think about engaging the consumer, particularly in the developed markets, you can have very strong brand-building, programs that would be reflected in price and run in retail environments. And whilst you've also seen our traditional advertising and promotion increase, it is a great way working with the retailers to build trial for innovation. And you can expect to see that continue out in time. And electrostatic action is good for you.
Ian M. Cook: Yes, Caroline, we'll let you know in October and January. But clearly, I think the stance we have taken, exactly as Bina said, is to try and execute our financial strategy to the benefit of the business, which is continue to see our gross margin expand, continue to manage our overheads very tightly. And of course, as the Global Growth and Efficiency Program works its way forward, we will see increased to benefit from that so that we can do precisely that, which is to take up our advertising expenditure behind building brands and our overall commercial expenditure behind the same objective.
Ian M. Cook: No. I wouldn't get into that level of detail. I will say -- you could say for those markets that you just raised, they were all double-digit organic growth rates.
Ian M. Cook: The Science Diet is basically flat on market share at this stage. Ideal Balance is building share. The really important data, Connie, is going to be in the fourth quarter when we start the get the trial and repeat for both of those products, and that will shape our investment stance going forward. It really is a little bit early given the nature of those businesses to see anything dramatic. So far, the trends are good. Key for me is going to be trial and repeat, and we won't have that until the fourth quarter.
Ian M. Cook: I would say -- first of all, let me answer the sort of factual easy question, Total relaunch. We have a new Total variant called Total Gum Health, which is what is moving around the world, and initial market response has been pretty good. But that is still in the process of rolling out. And to be candid, we simply just didn't mention it, not for any negative reason. It's still moving, I guess, is the point. And no, absolutely not from the pricing analysis point of view. We do think this quarter was a one-off, particularly in the U.S., given the innovation flow that we had and the trial that we were seeking to build behind the mouthwash, that we really just launched slap bang in the middle of the second quarter. We are using it very assiduously. We're obviously using to help us guide how we take the pricing in the emerging markets to offset the transaction impact on cost. So no, it has neither less focus nor less utilization, and it will continue to guide our pricing actions for the balance of this year and, of course, into 2014 and beyond.
Ian M. Cook: Javier, let me -- first of all, let me answer the end of the question, which is divestitures. The answer is no. We think that Europe, particularly now over the last several years, has been a very difficult environment with the consumer and indeed with customers who are looking for store traffic. So in the end, from a European point of view, our planning assumes limited growth in that geography for the foreseeable future. And you may remember that when we announced the Global Growth and Efficiency Program and indeed with the plans that you have already seen implemented, there is a very strong bias to getting our structural costs in the right shape in order to get what growth is reasonably available in Europe and deliver a reasonable bottom line. So what you're going to see, you saw the gross margin this quarter benefit, and the focus will be on equally reducing our overheads. The other point to make in Europe, and again we have said this before, not just for us but for many, there is a bias to activity at the retail level, which gets captured in commercial spend, not in the traditional A&P. So you are seeing that, too. And we believe that at some stage, Europe will come back. But as we have said many times, it is not in our immediate planning horizon, so we're focusing on growth that is reasonable, delivered by commercial spend in totality while building gross margin and lowering overhead. And that's going to continue to be our focus in Europe with all of the categories that we compete in today.
Ian M. Cook: Yes, to answer the second question first, and it hasn't changed, we had 110 in our original budget, so not a factor this year. And given the performance of oil in the world, I think we should defer any discussion about 2014 until we're a little bit closer. Yes, the cost environment is benign as many have seen. I will make one observation, and that is you will remember 3 years ago and before, it used to be the case that when foreign exchange strengthened, commodities went the other way. We're not seeing that. We haven't seen that for a couple of years. So while benign, still elevated and no big correction down in a strengthening foreign exchange environment. So again, we focus on all of the things, the pricing, the mix, the funding, the growth and to the extent that global growth and efficiency will benefit our gross margin to offset and continue to build that gross margin.
Ian M. Cook: Well, terrific. Thanks for being on the call. And as Bina said earlier, a particular big thank you to all of the Colgate folk who get this done. And we look forward to talking with everybody at the end of our third quarter.
