Noel Wallace: Yes. Thanks, Dara. Let me take the – obviously, a two-part question. The short term, easy to answer. Obviously, as we've seen significant foreign exchange, we have consistently communicated externally that the important objective of our general managers on the ground is recouping the transactional impacts of foreign exchange. And what’s particularly pleasing, as you pointed out, is Latin America following strong pricing in the second quarter at 9% delivered another 9% pricing in the third quarter in parallel with getting volume back into the business. So, again, I think a great result to see the volume coming back in Latin America, behind two quarters of strong pricing and obviously delivering the margin that was required to sustain the higher advertising levels in that division, which is certainly playing out. So short term, it was a combination of list and promotional pricing to a certain extent, but very much a lot of the revenue growth management discipline that we're putting in place around the world. And Latin America, as an example, has done an exceptional job as has Europe, as has Asia in bringing in competencies to ensure that our teams on the ground are really digging deep into our promotional spending and working together with our trade partners to find ways to drive both category and revenue for ourselves. And I'm particularly encouraged with some of the analytics coming out of the revenue growth management teams around the world. And you're seeing some of the short-term benefits of that, and that will clearly play out for the longer term. So if I take a step back now on the longer-term question, listen, getting a pricing into the P&Ls and in the categories is a critical initiative for us. We will continue to find ways to do that with the mechanisms that we have through revenue growth management. Obviously, list price is one of them. But long term, we continue to see opportunities to get pricing up in the markets. We've long talked about the under index of Colgate toothpaste portfolio. We still have an opportunity to drive a lot more premiumization there. You've heard us talk quite consistently about the importance of premiumization across our innovation pipelines and a lot of the innovation that we put into the market in the third quarter, likewise, was very premium-based. I used the example of Protex acne, the acne line in Brazil, all premium priced. We launched the Whitening Pen in the U.S. premium priced; Optic White Renewal, lower ounces but very premium priced as well. So again, I think as the long-term strategy, we continue to find pricing as a key mechanism within our P&L, and it's obviously integral to the fact that the gross margin expansion you saw in the quarter is allowing us to continue to invest more aggressively behind a quite plentiful pipeline of new products.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Thanks for the question. Obviously, again – let me take the Latin America question first. The strategy that we've been talking for quite some time is obviously getting the core businesses re-launched that allows us to take pricing, moving into adjacencies and premium brands that allows us to obviously premiumize the category and get more margin growth. Looking at certain channel expansion opportunities, particularly across the pharmacy channel, which allows for more premium therapeutic portfolios to get sold through the consumer base there. So all those elements have helped Latin America, as an example, drive the margin growth, drive the pricing in the quarter and there's no question that that strategy that we've been deployed throughout the year continues to take hold through all the divisions. Let me take the question about replenishment. It really has – it's a function of more the markets where we've seen significant demand in some of our categories. So if I take North America as an example, liquid hand soap, dish continues to be about replenishing the shelves. The demand is in excess of some of the capacity that we had in the third quarter. That's starting to reduce itself as we move into the fourth quarter as we improve our capacity. But we still have some opportunities to replenish shelves. We're still trying to meet some of the excess demand that we have there. But by and large, a good portion of the volume in certain categories only. Now it's not the case in oral care where we're not seeing obviously COVID drive a lot of extra purchases or behavior changes, and we had good volume growth on oral care through the quarter. And again, I think that's a result of the innovation strategy that we're putting in place as well as the increased investment.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Let me address the Hill’s questions first. Listen, Hill’s continues to hit on all cylinders. We've talked a lot about big core renovations, which obviously have played out very nicely. We've talked about the premiumization aspect and going into adjacencies, which continues to be an emerging growth segment if you take the wet side of the business and they’re doing an exceptional job of capitalizing on those trends. We talked about the low brand awareness that Hill’s has and obviously the significant upside that still exists as we expand or increase our advertising spend to drive relevance to the brand. We talked a lot about the channel expansion opportunities. They've done an exceptional job with e-commerce. All of that is leading to increased market share is when you take the e-commerce shares, when you take brick and mortar shares around the world. All-in-all, we're driving good share growth across that business. You mentioned obviously the pet adoptions are up significantly in the U.S. as a result of COVID. So we think that will obviously bode well for the category moving forward as we move into 2021, and we see the continued acceleration of pet adoptions, particularly in the current environment. So good category growth combined with good shared growth that's driven by an underlying strategy that's very solid. On your second question, listen, we have an opportunity to bring in someone with some really unique experience. We looked obviously at that opportunity very carefully. Particularly someone with Stan's background, the incredible experience he has at IBM as well as the transformation that he was helping drive at Pitney. And as I mentioned in my upfront comments, a big focus for us is really driving our digital transformation across the entire enterprise, not just from a consumer standpoint but how we operate internally, through our back office systems, through the technology that we use through SAP and the things that we're bringing on-stream as we speak and Stan is very well positioned to do that. And we will – as we look for opportunities to continue to elevate our skills as we think about our strategy moving forward, we'll identify candidates on the outside to do that. We've done that in the digital space very, very successfully. We've done that in the e-commerce space very, very successfully. That being said, we have an incredible pipeline of talent in the company. We're developing broad-based skills across the organization and we'll continue to obviously encourage and develop our talent from within, which has been a key success factor for the company for many, many years.
Noel Wallace: Yes. Listen, as John outlined, a lot of the SG&A increase is obviously largely driven by advertising. We had a little bit of an increase related to COVID-related costs in the quarter, related to some compensation costs in the quarter as well. But overall, we feel the overheads are well under control, well under control around the world. We're making the changes necessary. You mentioned, obviously, we're bringing in some skill sets as we just talked about with Wendy to certainly elevate our game in the digital and e-commerce space. But by and large, obviously the focus right now is continued to drive the gross margin as you saw, keep the overheads where they've been, and we've consistently – we find productivity opportunities in that area and invest behind the business. So, overall, we feel like we’re in a good place, Jason.
Noel Wallace: Yes. Thanks, Olivia. So, if I go back to Barclays and quite frankly, if I go back to the last 12 to 18 months, we've talked a lot about how we're thinking about innovation and a real concerted effort to organize ourselves both from a structural standpoint as well as the processes and the resource allocation, moving away from those closed-in line extensions to more incremental breakthrough innovation. And that has been very deliberate and a very focused effort across every division in the world and we're starting to see obviously the benefits of that. But the intention is obviously it sets us up for long-term sustainable growth moving forward. If I take the current environment, clearly we have an opportunity to continue to drive premium pricing. And that's why a lot of our innovation, as I mentioned earlier, is on the premium side of the business and we're looking for ways to disrupt the category. We're looking for ways to think about oral health differently than just a toothpaste line extension. And you're starting to see that play out in some of our innovation in the quarter, particularly in North America. Relative to Hill’s, interesting – obviously the Science Diet re-launch has been a big driver, but they're seeing great benefits coming through with some of the innovation they brought in, in early days on prescription diet with far more therapeutic formulas. Metabolic, as an example, is doing extremely well. And if you take some of the innovation opportunities that we see in the wet segment moving forward, we continue to find ample opportunities to drive growth with that. And as pet adoptions and pet ownership increases and clearly we're seeing the trend in the marketplace, likewise, with a move back to science-based, real biology-based products and that obviously plays very well for the Hill’s business, both here in North America and around the world. And we have an innovation pipeline that is very, very robust as we look into 2021. The other aspect of that is certainly vet visits are down as a result of mobility issues in the U.S. related to COVID and the traffic is down. Our home is certainly a great innovative idea that we're bringing into that business to continue to allow vets to extend product to their pet owners directly. And we'll see that increase as we move into 2021, particularly as we see more and more traffic move back into the veterinary space going forward.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Let me start. Again, take a step back and for us it's very much around focusing on growth. The growth moves through the P&L. We get increased margin dollars into the P&L. Obviously that allows us to support the businesses more consistently and more broadly as we've communicated in this quarter. You've seen four quarters now gross margins in the 60s and sequentially up from quarter-to-quarter. I think that's a result of a couple of things. One, a much deepened focus behind our revenue growth management. We've talked about that quite a bit. We’ve talked about the importance of premium pricing and innovation that supports that. And we've talked about our ability to react quickly to extraordinary foreign exchange headwinds, as we've seen, both in Latin America and some of the markets in Africa and Middle East. And getting that into the P&L allows us to really control how we want to manage the business more effectively, how we want to spend the money both from below the line and above the line basis, how we want to look at our promotional strategy? So getting that gives us a tremendous amount of clarity on how we want to evolve in the quarter, and allows us to kind of dictate where we want to spend. Relative to the expectations and obviously the revenue growth management is coming in better than we expected; so a little bit better there. Funding the growth aspect continues to be very, very good. So if I walk through the margin roll forward again for you, we started – if we go back to third quarter last year at 59, we delivered 170 basis points of pricing off of – if you follow that off the second quarter, which was at 130 basis points. So again, solid pricing. But the quality of that pricing, again, to some of the earlier questions was consistent all around the world and by category, which was really nice to see. Funding the growth came in at 250, positive in the quarter offsetting material prices at 230. And obviously, that’s a little bit of benefit from a mix, but not a lot. So again, coming down to 61.2, which is one of our – obviously our high point on the margin line, but we want to see that continue to grow. But first and foremost, it's about getting the top line continuing to sustain that healthy growth that you're seeing. That gives us the margin dollars and gives us the leverage. And ultimately, as we implement more discipline around revenue growth management, we take action quickly to offset foreign exchange, we see opportunities to continue to drive margin moving forward.
Noel Wallace: So, listen, we've got one quarter left. We’re obviously just finishing up October. And we felt comfortable based on what we're seeing around the world. Obviously, case counts continue to be a real concern and will – inevitably, we could see more lockdowns in core markets around the world. And as a result of that, we want to be very cautious. But we felt pretty comfortable given the line of sight that we have on the business right now. And as a result, we gave guidance for the fourth quarter. We'll come back, as we always do, following the fourth quarter and provide you the necessary thoughts on 2021. But we're not getting ahead of ourselves yet. Right now, we're focused on delivering the fourth quarter and we'll talk 2021 at the appropriate time.
Noel Wallace: Sure. Thanks, Lauren. Let me take freight first. Freight obviously continues to be somewhat of a headwind, but we saw costs come in marginally better than they came in, in the second quarter. But that being said, a big caveat there is we see increasing case counts around the world that ultimately leads to more disruption along our lanes all around the world. So we're going to be very mindful as we see that unfold in the balance of the year. But so far, we've done a pretty good job in this quarter, mitigating some of the on costs associated with freight and logistics. On your question relative to the U.S., a lot of work on the U.S. around revenue growth management. That's the team that really embraces data and analytics. They've taken it on. I've talked about it I think over the last couple of quarters on how we're being far more disciplined, not only in categories where we're seeing excess demand, but more importantly not chasing a lot of the price promotions that have existed in some of the categories, particularly in toothpaste where we've seen high couponing from some of our competitors. We’ve pulled back. We don't necessarily want to go after that consumer as much as we want to go after the premium consumer, which we believe has much more durability for the franchise moving forward. So we've been very mindful on our promotional spend in the quarter. That being said, as consumers come back into stores and store traffic increases, we want to be sure we're there and present. And we have the money in the P&L to adjust accordingly. But by and large, much more disciplined would be the message, RGM really taking on a new level of focus in the U.S., combined with obviously getting the dollar value of price increases that we're seeing through our revenue growth management initiatives playing through the P&L.
Noel Wallace: Yes. So, Bill, specifically on some of the more COVID-related categories that we've seen an increase in category growth, liquid hand soap would be one. Our research indicates clearly that behavior will stay, perhaps not at the current elevated levels but will certainly versus historical norms be at a higher level. Likewise, a lot more people obviously cooking at home, so dish liquid’s been significantly accelerated. In that regard, I think as long as we see lockdowns, as long as we see people working from home, which in our estimation would be through at least half of next year, you'll continue to see elevated rates. You are not seeing a COVID-related impact on oral care. Obviously, if you see any panic buying going on in the market, you'll get a little bit of benefit. But I think consumers have adjusted themselves far better than at the onset of COVID to how they're managing their inventories and their pantries. So we wouldn't expect any significant changes on oral care. Likewise, on pet food, a little panic buying at the onset right now. I think it's more stabilized. Consumers understand what they have. Not a lot of destocking coming out of pantries. And I think more importantly, people are being more rational on how they manage their purchases. So for behavior change, liquid hand soap, certainly a change, dish liquid at least through the first half of next year and oral care starting to normalize coming out of the strong first quarter panic, but much more on a historical basis. And we're seeing good growth on the innovation side that's driving more category dollar growth, which is good to see.
Noel Wallace: Yes. Thanks, Rob. You've heard me mention a couple of times the incredible digital and e-commerce capabilities that our Hill’s business has and how important it is that we share learnings across the broader enterprise, and we very deliberately are shifting resources back and forth between Hill’s and Colgate. We're obviously getting the same type of learning now out of Asia in terms of the skill sets. And as I mentioned, I think very deliberately in my comments, we feel very strongly that up-scaling the entire organization around e-commerce and that's not just our innovators, that's not our marketing and our customer development organization. That's everyone from logistics to supply chain to packaging. So everyone truly embraces and understands that channel, we think is very important to our long-term growth, as we see more and more consumers moving into that. So the skill sets are there. The transfer of knowledge is there. And I’ve mentioned also that we're supplementing quite a bit of that by bringing in outside talent as well to ensure that we close any gaps that we might have in certain geographies around the world. You're seeing the benefits of that. Our e-commerce business obviously up, close to 50% in Q1; another close to 50% in Q2 and a very strong growth in Q3. Shares are up across our categories, both in North America as well as China, our two biggest markets. And we're seeing some accelerated growth, likewise, in Europe. Hill’s obviously doing exceptionally well in this space. So we think we're well positioned, but we recognize we have a ways to go, given the opportunities we see to build the skill sets across the company and continue to grow market share where we're seeing significant growth.
Noel Wallace: So, Mark, you’ve identified obviously the impact of foreign exchange, so let me give you a shared summary on a constant currency basis. So year-to-date, we’re flat or up in every single division, ex Asia. We've talked a lot about Asia obviously that we're in relooking at our go-to-market, our portfolio. We talked about the progress that we're making in the second quarter and we saw that playing through. Likewise, that progress accelerated in the third quarter. So we think we're well on our way there. But across the board, our shares are flat to up in every division on a constant currency basis. Last 13 weeks in North America, we've seen good progress on our toothpaste share, particularly as we've seen the investment behind renewal take hold and some of the other innovations that we've brought into the category. You look around the world, a lot of our focus on our premium business is in Europe, both meridol and elmex and the investment we're putting behind that, we're seeing some good growth. Good share growth in the very short – recent term in both Brazil and Mexico behind some of our innovations there. Mexico now back above an 80 share. And likewise, Brazil not chasing the bottom end of the market, but getting some good premium pricing, as we mentioned earlier, and seeing that translate into more sustainable share growth across the board. Relative to categories, by and large, most of the categories that we compete in have accelerated, obviously some COVID driven, others very pricing driven and from an innovation standpoint, toothpaste in the U.S. now back up into that four to six range on a year-to-date basis. Europe still around 0% to 2%, but again driven by some good pricing. Latin America, down a little bit versus 2019, but again I think driven by a real softness in the categories in the first and second quarters are starting to come back a little bit better in the third quarter, which is encouraging. So, overall, we’ve got some good category growth. We talked Hill’s, likewise, very good growth across the category. And Hill’s and that team is very sustained no matter where you look at it around the world. So, overall, category seems pretty good right now. And I think with the innovation process we have in place and the focus on premiumization and revenue growth management, we’ll continue to bring dollars into the categories in which we compete. So I guess that's the last question. Let me just close off by again thanking the Colgate people around the world on a really strong quarter and a continuation from the progress we've had over the last four to five quarters executing our strategy, building skill sets across the organization and obviously collaborating in ways that we've never collaborated before. So a great thanks to everyone. I wish all of you a safe and healthy Thanksgiving. And we look forward to catching up again on the fourth quarter results. So thanks, everyone.
