Ian Cook: Yes, thanks, Dara. And before I jump in, let me just take this belated opportunity to wish everyone on the call a happy, healthy and safe 2016 in this volatile world. And when we turn to that volatile world, we’re actually very pleased with the results in 2015, as Bina said, with consistent 5% organic top line growth in the quarter and in the year and with our gross margin building from the second quarter to 59% in the fourth quarter, which is the highest in two years in that environment which positions us well to see margin expansion in 2016. And I’ll come back to that when we no doubt talk about margin. But turning to how we think about the business in the environment everybody is operating in, first of all, we seek to have clarity and consistency of strategy. And we have that for the last decade with a simple and focused strategy that starts with consumers and ends with the leadership development in the company to deliver our products to those consumers. Then you have the balance between the consistency of the results by quarter and our ambition of the longer-term which are captured in the global growth and efficiency program in terms of building the organization we want for the future. And then, of course, the decisions we make on the ground and the agility that’s required to deal with events as they unfold. Now, if you look at Latin America to this specific question, obviously, the foreign exchange headwind there as it was in Africa, Eurasia, was the most severe we experienced in our world for 2015. And when we think about the consumers, we think about the brands and the health of our brands and the development of the market share of our brand. But obviously, we need to be focused on rebuilding the margin which is the fulcrum for investment in a business. So in both those divisions, we took conscious decision to take pricing to help recover gross margin and suffered the volume decline you see. We feel, however, very comfortable because of the performance of our market shares whether you look at the value market share and local currency as Bina talked specifically to Brazil or whether you look at the volume market shares in that region, they’re up. So the consumer is staying with us and the consumer is staying with us across the portfolio of brands that we have. And as we think forward into 2016 now, I guess a couple of things to say. And it relates to the gross margin. First of all, the enormous translation headwind we faced in 2015 will still be there in 2016, but it will be at a lesser level. Second, the general commodity pricing environment year-on-year will be flat to modestly down. Third, we have our funding the growth program which we talk about every call, which we expect to build the same way it has done for the last several years. We have the global growth and efficiency program. And on top of that, we have pricing. But we have less pricing in 2016 than we had in 2015. And half of that pricing without Venezuela is still rollover pricing into 2016. So our planning expectation is that we will see the balance between volume and pricing move back a little bit more to volume and less to pricing. And that will include Latin America and we expect our market shares to continue to grow. So the consumer behavior hasn’t changed. We haven’t seen down trading. And we’re confident about the reversal back to volume more and price less in 2016 for Latin America and the overall business.
Ian Cook: Yes. I think in Latin America, the expectation is to see - not to see the kind of volume negative that we had in the fourth quarter as we set our way into 2016. Obviously, it will build across the year. But no, we don’t expect to repeat of that level. When you turn to Asia, and if you look at the emerging markets in general, the local currency growth rates in category is still mid-single digits, maybe slightly off that in the fourth quarter. We haven’t seen anything dramatic in terms of a change in behavior thus far. We’re obviously very focused on that, Wendy, as you would suppose we would be. And pleasingly, I can report that the market shares in China and India has been mentioned with India, are both out nicely in 2015. So we stay close to it. Right now, we continue to see cash agreements growing around mid-single digits in local currency terms.
Ian Cook: The answer to your first question on volume is no, not really. It has more to do with the short-term slowdown in relation to the level of increase in pricing you take regardless of which category you’re taking pricing in. On the advertising side, I won’t repeat too much of an old story. But I would say, back to this notion of marketing mix, when we think about advertising, we think about everything from educating kids in schools to get dental professionals and veterinary professionals to make a recommendation before the consumer has even purchased a product, to engaging with consumers to the various different media that we can avail ourselves of increasingly digital, but also the so called traditional media and then of course a strong belief in making that engagement carry through to the retail level where we think that expenditure can build a brand health and value as well. But as we said on the last call, we expected as we got into our budgeting process that our innovation flow would be such that we would expect to see coming into 2016, an increase in the traditional advertising while still using the in-store lever as well. And indeed, as you might imagine, given richness of innovation that Bina went through in her prepared remarks, that is exactly where we have ended up with our plan. And so I can say that our advertising, the traditional advertising, for 2016 is up both on an absolute basis and of course on a ratio basis as well given that strength of innovation.
Ian Cook: Yes. Well, let me just say, Bill, in response to your question, when you say how do you define strong organic growth, I think we would say in the environment wherein the range we had 4% to 7% bookends strong organic growth and 5% for 2015 in that regard is therefore strong. And the way we’re thinking about 2016 without Venezuela is exactly the same way which is to say our target for organic growth is to grow in that 4% to 7% range without Venezuela. And I can report that I have to say from a top line point of view, the year is off to a bright start.
Ian Cook: Yes. Well, we don’t tend to talk about EBIT margin, Jason, so let me turn to gross margin which as you know we regard as the fulcrum of everything. So as I said, gross margin, up 20 bps to 59 in the fourth quarter. And perhaps I should take the opportunity now before Lauren comes on and chides me of going through the row fort for that fourth quarter gross profit. So if you go to the gross profit in the prior year, was 58.8. Pricing, our strongest showing for the year, up 1.6 percentage points, so positive 1.6 points. Restructuring and funding the growth, 290 basis points, positive 2.9. Material prices, 420 negative, of which 240 was transaction, modest negative with all other and you get to the 59. Now, as we roll that forward to 2016 and the plans we have, we feel good about our ability to meaningfully increase gross margin in 2016. And we would say that we expect to have gross margin expansion in 2016 to be in that 75 to 125 range. Part of the reason, as I said earlier, is the less aggressive foreign headwind. But as I also said earlier, we have pricing less, but half of it rollover, we have funding the growth which you know very well. We have the global growth and efficiency program. And we expect to see that gross margin expansion begin in the first quarter of 2016.
Ian Cook: Yes, yes. Well, thanks to your one question as usual. But let’s turn to the advertising. And I mentioned in the introductory comments the word of balance. And you and I had this conversation on the last call. We don’t view this as either/or, we view this as what do we need to do to create the trial and repeat of our brands, build health over time and ultimately build market share with more consumers using our products. And I wasn’t quite sure what you meant when you said your market share is not moving. It is moving and it’s moving up. And Bina went through some of those examples. And when we think about advertising, we think about, as I said earlier, marketing mix from the school room to the dental office, to the store and all of the other media through which you can reach people including digital, including television, including magazine and advertising and the like, even billboards in Africa. And we think about that balance all the time to make sure that our brand health doesn’t weaken over time. And I said that the advertising would be up absolutely and as a percent to sales in 2016. And we have quite a list of measures that we look at from trial to repeat to various brand health measures which we prac over time so that we don’t get to a point where you start to, shall we say, take more out of a brand than you are putting back into a brand. And that’s back to that word, balance. We think we’ve kept the right balance in 2015. When we go into 2016 with the portfolio and the brand objectives that we have for 2016, we’re taking up the traditional. We will continue to use the in-store as part of our marketing mix and we will monitor very, very closely the trial and repeat measures we have in terms of the new innovation and the brand health measures that we have in terms of the brands Colgate, Sonic, et cetera, that we have around the world, because we’re a marketing company. And that’s what we do. So I think you can be reassured that it’s not one or the other. We’re not trying to push from one to the other. We’re just trying to register the point that we have to think about the mix of all of the engagement points we have with consumers. And as I said before, you have a 74 share in Brazil. That’s how much of the shelf you have. You can have an enormous impact with the consumer in the store. Your SKU proliferation point of view is spot on. It is always a risk that you end up in the hunt for innovation of this risk of over proliferating. I can’t say that we have a strict one in, one out policy. That would not be correct. I can say that as a company measure, from the top of the house, we monitor our SKUs by division, by business and overall as a company. And thankfully, our SKU count has been coming down. And now, within that, you have cycles when you’re replacing and you’ve got a double count. But it’s something we watch really at the top of the house. And it’s a central part of our simplification initiatives because it touches everything, the factory, the inventory, you could imagine all of the touch points. So it’s a fair question. I don’t think we’re at risk of over proliferating with the innovation we have because we have a discipline to bring the overall numbers down year upon year.
Ian Cook: Yes. Well, how you think about it - I mean first of all, there is no one more keenly aware of our gross margin plateaus than us, number one. Number two, when we think about it, again, as I mentioned a little bit earlier, from that transaction point of view, although foreign exchange continues to be a negative, it is less of a negative than what we endured in 2015. Now, of course, that improvement builds over the year, but still overall it is less negative. As I also mentioned earlier, underlying commodity cost with [indiscernible] even at 35, are basically flat to modestly down. That’s favorable. Third, we have the funding, the growth program that we have had every year and we track through quarter by quarter. And you will see the history and you now know the history for 2015. And that’s our goal and objective for 2016. And as I said, we have pricing lesser than last year, of which 50% is rollover. Now, Venezuela clearly adds benefit to gross margin. But I would say that we definitely feel that 2016 is the year we need to raise our gross margin and the proof will be in the pudding when we talk next at the end of the first quarter. Everything that we know we feel confident about that.
Ian Cook: Well, it is difficult to find anybody with anything optimistic to say about much of anything these days. Without being overly general, I would say that the underlying consumer sentiment and behavior in China and India is okay. I would say that the underlying consumer sentiment in Mexico is okay. I would say that the underlying consumer sentiment in Russia is not great. And that would be English understatement. And I would say in Brazil, the underlying sentiment in Brazil is not great. And we have said before that again, our objective is to grow market share for our brands in those environments. I think we have said before that we think Brazil is not an overnight fix. And we will stay the course. But again, if you take this generalized view, I think there are still more of the emerging countries where the underlying consumer sentiment is okay. Russia and Brazil would not be in that group in 2015. And we don’t believe in 2016 either. And although it’s a smaller part of our business, that would also apply to some of the African countries, but they are smaller.
Ian Cook: Okay. The answer on Venezuela is polite no. So I repeat, we delivered 5% organic growth in the fourth quarter and in 2015. And we are guiding that we will deliver the same organic range between 4% and 7% excluding Venezuela in 2016. As we think about the share repurchases, one has to be thoughtful about capital structure in the environment wherein given the foreign exchange impact on cash profit. And as we have gone through our capital structure right now, and we have not made this decision yet, but I think it would be fair to say as a company that we have been for since 1895 I think committed to paying dividend and have increased it for the last 50 plus years. So that’s a decision yet to be made, but that is obviously a use of cash so is capital expenditure which is very focused on supporting our global growth and efficiency program. And then we turn to share buyback. Right now, our capital structure would say our gross share buyback for this year would be in the 1 billion to 1.3 billion range.
Ian Cook: Yes. Well, it is well underway. I mean as we went through our 2016 budget program, I think you may have had a sneak peek on stuff we haven’t yet seen here. But that is very much underpinning the European plan for 2016 and some of those products are moving into the marketplace as Bina mentioned as we speak right now. And it would be fair to say that depending on the market, depending on the condition of the consumer, that is the model that is under serious study and indeed has already been adopted in certain parts of the world. But to the extent that it can be deployed, you expect that it will be.
Ian Cook: The only proper answer to that question is that we don’t comment on market speculation and rumor or the British press.
Ian Cook: So let me answer the question of the local brand pricing. I guess for those materials that are dollar-denominated, they say it’s the same pressures that we do. And many of these local brands are not classic cheapies. They are reasonably well-priced products. I must say I can’t give you a chapter and verse review on have they mimicked the pricing we have. But we certainly haven’t seen them going the other way. So either they are premium in many cases and they stayed there or I think I could say that they will have moved their pricing. We haven’t seen them trying to go the other way. On the marketing mix comment, I would be careful to argue about the flexibility. I think what it gives us is against the objectives we have for a brand or an innovation or against a particular consumer, what is the best way to think about all of the touch points in terms of reaching them. I made the comment on the last call that over half of moms today in Latin America are Millennials that Facebook and YouTube are enormous connection points for that community. So that’s a great place to go to touch those kind of consumers. And I think personally, gross margin remains as important because what you’re trying to do there, I think, is to create value in a product that the consumer sees and is prepared to pay for back to Lauren’s point about premium by innovation. And it’s off that fulcrum, everything else comes because otherwise from an operating point of view, you’re only leaving yourself really leveraged overhead and advertising to deal with. So I think a gross margin focus should be an un-remising focus in a consumer products company in our types of businesses.
Ian Cook: Okay. Well, I’m pleased and surprised pleasantly by the duration of the call. Thank you for all of the questions. And we look forward to keeping you updated as the year unfolds. Thank you very much.
