Ian M. Cook: Thanks, Wendy, and thanks for the question. The -- I would, though, before answering it, just like to reaffirm how we're thinking about the year 2014. As we have said before, we have been deploying the strategy that Bina mentioned for some 8 years now, and we think, focusing on that, which you can say is focusing on the fundamentals, is serving us well. So as we look at 2014, we're thinking and planning for top line growth to continue in that 5% to 7% organic growth range. We are looking for our gross margin to expand between 75 and 125 basis points, and that traces to a slightly more benign commodity environment, the continued strength of our Funding the Growth program, the on-plan tracking of our global growth and efficiency program, which will also lower our overhead, allowing us to continue in 2014, as we did in 2013, to increase our advertising, absolutely and as a percentage to sales, behind the rich and broad range of new products worldwide that Bina mentioned. Foreign exchange, as we have said before, is -- from a top line point of view, has a lower impact on a profitability point of view. So the top line impact in 2014, we have, based on the release we sent out, a hit of 3%. And when you look at the operating impact of that, it is near a 4% to 5% on the bottom line. And I think we fairly consistently said the bottom line impact is greater than the top line impact, and that ratio has historically been roughly the same. I would add that with the confirmation of our comfort with the consensus of external analysts' estimates and many of the notes we saw this morning, have that spot on, you're looking at a dollar EPS increase around 9%. And I would say, that's around 13% on a currency neutral basis. And that's the way we're thinking about the year.
Ian M. Cook: I think, Wendy, in the world we're in, we'll respond to that when the time comes. We said in our release that the emerging news from Venezuela, while not yet clear enough to take a view, is not factored in, nor any other macroeconomic impact, which we cannot yet foresee. What I would say is that, I think, as we have shown in the past, our response and communication on the view we take would be timely and comprehensive.
Ian M. Cook: Okay, Ian. Well, let me start first by doing our now customary walk-through of the fourth quarter and take that as a jumping off point. So if you take the fourth quarter of 2012, the start point is 58.6%. And if you then work your way through, pricing gave us nothing, restructuring gave us 10 basis points, Funding the Growth, strong at the end of the year as it customarily is, 290 basis points. Material prices, a headwind of 260, that's a combination of cost and transaction, a little bit of -- or another 10 basis points, which gets you to the 59 1 or the increase of 50 basis points. Now as we look at 2014, I said benign. Benign for us is around about a 1% increase in raw and packing material costs. And the way we have thought about oil as an input is around $110, and I would say it is in that zone today. The one thing I would stress is that, of course, with the recent foreign exchange impacts we have seen, there will be a related increase in transaction costs, which we are, of course, absorbing in the plan that we have for 2014, which is going to see our pricing at the higher end of our 1% to 2% pricing target for the year.
Ian M. Cook: Okay. Well, thanks, Joe. For us, the mix effect -- we have a dollar-weighted volume. So mix effect is in the volume growth. So when you think about pricing, for us, what you see across the divisions is pricing up in the emerging markets obviously beginning to address the transaction impact, and pricing in Europe and North America beginning to react to the promotional environment we are in correspondingly negative. I think, the good news is that the organic was still 6.5, and that volume is very strong at 6.5. And I think, very importantly, as we think about our marketing mix modeling, notwithstanding that position in the fourth quarter, our gross margin was still up 50 basis points, right in the middle of the guidance we gave there. So as we think forward and as we have said many, many times, our innovation seeks to deliver premiumization and therefore be accretive to gross margin by developing ideas that consumers believe they get good value for the premium they pay. On the other hand, from a promotional point of view, we don't seek to chase what we think are unsustainable promotional efforts that simply load pantry but will take growth out of future quarters, although we will selectively adjust to defend our market share where we feel we need to. And Hill's, we're very pleased with the consecutive quarterly performance on Hill's. We think, it traces, as we have said before, to a growing portfolio of very competitive innovation in the early periods catch-up. But I think, as Bina went through both on the last call and this call, you're now beginning to see, I think, some innovative, market-leading innovation on the Hill's business. And as we said on the last call, we expect that innovation profile to continue on Hill's. Gross margin is a rebuild on Hill's, and we increased gross margin third quarter to fourth. And again, as Bina said earlier, we expect that to continue into 2014. So we're pleased with the pace and we plan to continue that momentum in 2014.
Ian M. Cook: Well, the data we have from the categories is fourth quarter data. It seems to be the topic de jour, the emerging markets. And as we look around our world and we have had several of our executives traveling the world, I would say we are seeing consistently what we said on the third quarter call, which, if you go around the world, is basically to say that our categories, and I stress, we're talking our categories, not the macros or a general industry basket, our categories continue to grow mid to high single-digits in those emerging markets, which is pleasing. In the North American environment, our categories are growing around low single-digits, around 2. And as Bina said, in the fourth quarter, we saw that slow a little bit. And as we have said before, and it's a view we continue to take on Europe, notwithstanding a certain amount of growing enthusiasm for a macro turnaround, the overall category growth in Europe is essentially flat, with some categories modestly up and other categories down. And we continue to expect that to be the case for the next several years, which was why when we embarked upon our Global Growth and Efficiency Program, we said, and you've already seen some of it announced, that the impact would be disproportionate to Europe because we wanted to rightsize our cost structure against likely more muted category growth in the medium term, and that's exactly what we're doing. So I would say the world continues, in our businesses, to be pretty much the way we saw it in the third quarter and current data shows no overall change to that.
Ian M. Cook: Well, the answer to that, Bill, is we're doing a few things. I have said before, we have said before, that we do think the biggest opportunity is in the emerging markets. Clearly, we're using Turkey and Brazil to see the pace of growth we can get there. The European entries is really to see, in a fairly simple regulatory environment, what sort of marketplace potential that product may have. As the year unfolds, you will continue to see more of a focus on the emerging markets, and the only reason we didn't mention it is that we didn't want to reveal, and still don't, when and where those entries would be.
Ian M. Cook: Yes. I think, I guess, there are 2 factors here. Consumers, and I think, this is the duty of a consumer marketing company, are prepared to buy things that work and deliver a benefit that they see a value with. And we don't believe that, that is limited to certain countries. We believe that one can develop products that deliver those benefits and that the consumers are prepared to pay for. And I would say, without being too cliché, that's a global statement. So premium innovation can work anywhere, and I think, it's our duty and our challenge to keep finding ways to make it work. In certain parts of the world, you see a promotional activity stepped up as perhaps some people chase our market share, and the view we have taken on these things is that all you are really doing is advancing purchases that, that is not a sustainable position to take. Now as we manage our business planning, we obviously manage a repertoire of activities that includes the premiumization, that includes an intelligent response to the marketplace environment we have and very much in those emerging markets where the down trade consumer struggles with cash, we put enormous focus on sizing and the pricing that goes with that sizing in order to provide an affordable entry point to those consumers, even if on a per mill basis, they're actually paying more for the product, you are meeting their cash outlay needs, so it can be accretive from a margin point of view and address the consumer. So all those 3 things are in play as we think about our business plans market by market.
Ian M. Cook: Yes. It's a difficult question to answer crisply. But you would have to say that Venezuela is definitely a piece of it because that is a constraining factor on pricing given the regulations that are in place today. And equally, one has to say, Argentina, while intelligent movement can be made, it has not been with the freedom that maybe history would have allowed. And the second point to make is there is always a lead lag to your ability to take pricing. And frankly, in today's world, you see such a rapid shift in foreign exchange as opposed to a steady erosion that can be reacted to in a timely fashion that I think, yes, one will see a catch-up, but there is a lag to the catch-up, and Venezuela and Argentina are outliers in that regard from a Latin American point of view. So I hope that was clear.
Ian M. Cook: It is, Chris. And the fact of the matter is, there is not enough clarity yet to make a definitive or come to a definitive conclusion as to how that is going to affect the business because you got translation, you got historical costs like inventory and you've got the cost of bringing raw materials and finished goods, and there is not yet enough definition around all of those things to take a view, but it is indeed that news that we are referring to. And as we said in our release, we're still reviewing and assessing to take a position there.
Ian M. Cook: Yes. First, I have to say, it is very, very early days. And I think, getting too excited is never a good thing ever in my view. So -- but I would tell you that from a distribution point of view, I would tell you, from a build of market share point of view and the early trial curve, they had been very good in both countries. We have not yet seen the full impact of the marketing plans, we have not yet felt the benefit of the sort of public health programs we're putting in place, nor do we have repeat number. But early indications are growing category, growing share, and certainly, a premiumization in that segment. So we'll keep you posted on how things unfold.
Ian M. Cook: Yes. I guess, I would say, as a general view, there seems to be more promotional activity in the developed world and maybe that is people chasing a greater share of a pie that is not growing so fast, or in the European case, not growing at all. I would say, overall, in the emerging markets, nothing that we would point to, to say a dramatic difference in competitive activity, some country to country changes that we have observed, not enough to conclude a trend. And I think, we're meeting that hopefully intelligently and well. We're seeing our share in Brazil up. We're seeing our share in Mexico hold over 80%. We're seeing our share in Russia, over 33%. We're seeing our share in China up to 35%, and our share in India over 54%. So I think, we are balancing meeting the activity and yet bringing the innovation that provides true growth both from a category point of view and a market share point of view. But the big picture answer would be nothing to say there has been a noticeable trend change.
Ian M. Cook: Yes. Okay, Alice. Well, the pricing that we will recover in 2014 will, of course, be global pricing. But I think, it would be fair to say, given the transaction impact, the bias for that pricing would be more in the emerging markets. We are pleased with our North American organic growth prospects. The U.S. market share is one of many market shares that we have around the world. And as we said on the last call, there has been a, shall we say, slightly elevated promotional environment, some of which we are choosing to respond to, and some of which we have not and will not because we don't think it's reasonable. I do think we will see market share improve over the balance of this year, but I would make the comment, when you're thinking about a global business, you're going to have situations from time to time where certain geographies face short-term pressures. But if you take the long-term view in terms of our share, whether it's North America or all the world, you see pretty strong progress, and you raise toothpaste, as Bina mentioned, we're up to a 7% now in mouth rinse and we're fully global in that business, 7% share in the U.S. And of course, our toothbrush leadership share is now over 38%. So we will do what is right by the business and we believe that will lead to share growth. But we're not going to abandon sensible business principles just to chase market share.
Ian M. Cook: Well, the -- to come back to your point of clarification, yes, I would say, the broad headline is, that is a fair conclusion. We will see improvement in our gross margin. We will see improvement in our overhead, driven by the Global Growth and Efficiency Program, allowing us to increase absolutely and as a percent of sales our advertising. And as I said, although it's 9% from a dollar point of view, it's 13% from a local currency point of view. And as far as we're concerned, Ali, the way we have, for many, many years, explained the top line growth of our company is, we think, translatable. You see what the organic is, you know what the pure SBI [ph] is. And organic is organic. So it's in the numbers. And we think, an ability to deliver 5% to 7% organic growth consistently, and by expanding our gross margin, delivering healthy bottom line growth, is a reasonable and sensible model.
Ian M. Cook: Yes. Thanks, Ali. I think, first, let's take the Hill's business overall, and then the Hill's business gross margin in Japan. I have to say, we are pleased with the Hill's progress in a relatively short period of time. Remember, the U.S. is the largest part of that business by a long way. And we believe that we have the portfolio now and the innovation stream to remain competitive, not just in the U.S., but in other parts of the world going forward. We have said clearly and the plan we have built was to return the Hill's gross profit over the coming years to historical levels, and that remains the plan. We have seen the quarter-on-quarter increase to 4 [ph]. We talked that, that would continue into 2014, starting with the first quarter. And therefore, that will continue out in time. And of course, the innovation we are bringing gives us the opportunity to use the mix to further increase the gross margin. So the answer on that question is, yes, it is our plan to get back to historical levels, and we're on plan, and we feel good about that. Japan, which is not an enormous part of the Hill's business, we have had some market issues from a distribution and a portfolio competitiveness point of view. And the innovation work that we have done, driven by the U.S., is being deployed in Japan in 2014, along with some go-to market changes. And we believe that, that will correct the business in Japan over the coming little while.
Ian M. Cook: I would say, Bill, it's the natural progression of things. We don't sort of rotate businesses across divisions in such a manner. Yes, no is the answer to your question.
Ian M. Cook: Well, as you know, we don't tend to get into discussions on EBIT because it depends where the timing of innovation by geography. So I would simply bring you back to the gross margin. And there, our objective is to grow gross margins in all divisions year upon year. And you know that our gross margin in the emerging markets is higher than the developed. So that will continue to be our plan. And then, depending on the timing of events, the EBIT margin will be what the EBIT margin will be. We don't tend to think or talk about lines of resistance on the gross margin. When we get to the 65%, we'll have another discussion.
Ian M. Cook: Well, Javier, let's start with the exposure. I think, for Venezuela point of view, we have been very clear in our Qs as to the exposure that Venezuela represents from a global point of view. And from an operating margin point of view, it's 3%. So that's what Venezuela represents. I think, in response to an earlier question, the question mark around pricing conservatism in Latin America, as I said earlier, Venezuela regulations currently don't permit across-the-board pricing, so we take what we can, when we can. And the same is the case for Argentina. And then, you have the customary lead lag between the deterioration of exchange rates and your ability to price to offset the transaction costs. In Europe, it's just a practical reality, Javier. The environment in Europe is basically no growth, and that brings pressure from retailers and competitors perhaps who had more of a footprint in Europe than we who want to wrest market share. And so we deploy the same strategies that we deploy, and we have seen terrific progress on gross margin from a European point of view. And therefore, as we think about marketing mix, we will do more at the store level in Europe than in other parts of the world, and that comes in the pricing line and not in the advertising and promotion line. And if you look at our market share performance in Europe, we think we've got the balance relatively right, and that is why -- because our market shares have been going up in Europe from an oral care point of view particularly, and that is why our focus in Europe is on structural cost, so that we can rightsize the structure to reflect the top line as reality will have it be and not go chase that top line, but rather grow more aggressively from an organic point, as you have seen in the emerging markets where we're growing double-digits. So it's a case of balancing against the market realities. And I guess, that's the answer.
Ian M. Cook: Well, Michael, actually, we're quite pleased. As a matter of strategy with our geographic mix, we still believe that having 53% of our business in the emerging world pays us dividend from a growth point of view, with categories growing in the mid to high single-digits compared to low single-digits in North America, and essentially flat in Europe, so we like that. And when we released our earnings, and indeed, I said earlier on this call, we are happy with the focus on our current strategy. We think it has served us well for the last 8 years. So with the geographic mix we have, we are looking to continue a top line growth rate of between 5% and 7%, which obviously will be more accelerated in the emerging markets than it will be in the developed markets, just as we have seen this year. And with our Funding the Growth program and the Global Growth and Efficiency Program, be able to provide the funds to invest in advertising, absorb the transaction impact of the foreign exchange changes so far announced and which many of you have already captured and still deliver a 9% EPS growth or 13% on a currency neutral basis. So that's how we think about our split in the world.
Ian M. Cook: They are in the single-digits, Lauren. We're really quite pleased with this Speed Stick Gear innovation. It gives us a quality concept, a quality product, and conviction to put meaningful marketing spend behind. And the trade reaction has been a very, very good. Obviously, early days, a category that we are committed to globally and you will see a multiyear plan unfold in the United States. And of course, the objective is to get the market share up.
Ian M. Cook: To be candid, Connie, I think, you're asking the wrong person. The notion of contagion of emerging market currencies is not an area of expertise that I would have. So I wouldn't care to forecast.
Ian M. Cook: I think, my experience over the last 5 years with foreign exchange is that everybody knows after the fact. And that coming into any year, projections which usually have a broad array of differing opinions are usually wrong. So we have taken multiple opinions and you can get the answer to the question that you want, and we would rather react. Obviously, one plans, it's not that one doesn't plan, but people coming into the year, predicting Turkey, predicting Ukraine, events in Thailand, as we have said multiple times in prior years, so many of the things that happen in our world these days, even some of the best minds don't know about until after they have happened. So we do run models and we do have discussions and we do take points of view, but it's something that we wouldn't care to predict.
Ian M. Cook: Well, I haven't tried -- I like mint and I like chocolate mint in ice cream. I must say, I had not tried the product, I think, you're referring to, Connie. We have seen in different parts of the world attempt to come with, shall we say, very differentiated, nontraditional toothpaste flavors, whether they be fruits or other things. And so we will be monitoring, as we have done in other cases, with interest, the performance. But I guess rather like our view on foreign exchange, we have no definitive answer to that question either.
Ian M. Cook: Again, Caroline, you may have missed my prior answer. We don't comment on EBIT projections for the company. You can rest assured that our focus continues to be to get the gross margin up, as you said, and with the Global Growth and Efficiency Program, to lower our overheads. That, therefore, provides one the opportunity to invest some of those funds and bring other of those funds freed up to the bottom line. So -- and we will make those choices as we go forward.
Ian M. Cook: It depends from year-to-year, Caroline. Generally, they're pretty broad-based, both by geography and by category. Some years, you may have a particular initiative that is powerful in one particular category or for one particular geography. But usually, they're pretty broad-based.
Ian M. Cook: Yes. Caroline, it's interesting. I would say, over many years, we have not seen a very strong correlation between modest slowdowns in GDP and the purchasing of our products. If we look, as I said earlier, at the emerging markets, even into Brazil with the GDP slowdown, our categories are still growing mid to high single-digits. And I think, that's a combination of the still emerging middle class, our ability to increase penetration, our ability to educate to increase usage and our ability to trade up intelligently consumers in the business. So whilst one can't say they're completely decoupled, there's no empirical evidence, at least on our data, that it directly affects our categories.
Ian M. Cook: It was entirely driven, John, by the foreign exchange slide that started in the middle of January. So when we were looking at the world in the fourth quarter, we genuinely were thinking and planning for double-digit in dollar terms. And as I said earlier -- and many people externally, to your point, in the notes we had seen already, reflected those exchange movements, excluding Venezuela, as we discussed earlier. And so, therefore, that change came subsequent to the way we were thinking about the year, and indeed, talking about the year, when we last spoke in October.
Ian M. Cook: Yes, Jon. Well, obviously, it's much in the press area. We are today delivering our toothpaste using drones to people in Manhattan. That was a joke, Jon, or an attempt at a joke. It is a high-growth area, but it is still an extremely small part of our business today. We participate with all of the major online shopping portals, whether they be linked to a brick-and-mortar retailer or whether they be a standalone, both here, Europe and in China. For some businesses, we see the potential as greater, take Hill's, where you have fairly large bags of pet nutrition product in an urban area in Europe, we see a greater potential for online. So we have a multi-point strategy that is an awful lot of -- we call them tests and learns to see how we can engage and connect with the consumer. So we're experimenting broadly, but it is still not a meaningful part of our business, albeit with some potential on Hill's in Europe.
Ian M. Cook: Well, I think, Jason, it's funny, I think about the year leading into the sub-prime and the questions were remarkably similar, why don't you leverage up and do something? Our general thinking on this space is that you've seen our debt move up a little bit, although it's still very low, 7.5% of our market cap with all of our ratios in a good place. I guess, the view we tend to take is that we like to keep our powder dry, should an acquisition candidate present itself. As we think about 2014, obviously, we have not yet taken a decision, our board has not yet taken a decision on our dividend. You know we do that earlier -- a little bit later in this year. But you can imagine that our dividends would grow in line with earnings. This year, our share buyback was around $1.5 billion, and we're thinking in the same range for 2014, unless that appropriate acquisition candidate presents itself, and that's rather, if we were to prioritize where beyond dividend we would see the money going, on the sense that it is strategically of value to the company. The problem is, as you know, that an M&A strategy or an execution of an M&A opportunity is often a long and arduous and very unpredictable process, so they cannot be done at will. And of course, during the years of the restructuring program, we have seen our CapEx increase as we are putting in place some significant projects for the future. And bluntly, that's the profile we'd like to keep and plan to keep going forward.
Ian M. Cook: It depends what you mean by pursue, Jason. I don't think you would have to do an awful lot of detailed work to know the kinds of companies, businesses that are attracted to people in the consumer product space base. Garver [ph] was a multiyear journey. So I think, the most appropriate way to answer the question is to say that were the right opportunity to present itself, we would actively consider it, obviously, at the right evaluation.
Ian M. Cook: No. Thanks for the extensive list of questions and thanks for taking an interest in the performance of the company. We will, of course, keep you updated across the year, as is now customary. And especially, big thanks to all of the Colgate folk around the world who make these results happen. Talk to you soon.
