Ian Cook: Good morning. This is Ian. I thought before John jumped into his customary division review, I'll just make a couple of opening comments. Suffice it to say as we said in the press release, this indeed was another challenging quarter and as I think we all know, the industry continues to face global market volatility and we have seen a further slowdown in consumer demand in several key markets, most especially the U.S. Southeast Asia and South Pacific. On the positive side, that pressure was offset someone by strong organic growth in Latin America with a good balance between price and volume and a return to positive organic sales growth at Hill's. My purpose in making the introductory comments now is to give you a sense of where we are focused going forward and going forward, we are focused, focused intensely on returning our business to growth over the balance of the year and improving bottom-line performance and our focus is heightened and will be heightened on four fundamentals. The first is increased advertising spending behind more impactful creative. The second innovation across our portfolio of businesses particularly, for personal care and oral care in the growing natural segment and especially naturals for toothpaste, which has a particular target of local brands in some key geographies in Eurasia and Asia. Third, greater investment behind our high growth eCommerce business and fourth, aggressively maximizing productivity up and down our income statement. Those are four fundamentals we are focusing on for the balance of the year and I be back later with more detail on each and turn the call back now to John to go through the discussion of the quarter, John.
Ian Cook: Yeah well, a lot in there Dara. First, I think as we -- as we came into this year and we've had the two quarters we have had, when we talked about the prior quarter the first quarter, we clearly said we would be below that range and now we are saying based on the first half performance that our growth this year will be low single digits. I would not offer a comment at this stage on the 4% to 7% range. I think that's something that we would come back and revisit once we gain more practical experience of how this year unfolds. I will say there have been a lot of one-time or at least volatile episodes in the last couple of quarters particularly late in the second quarter, which have been -- which have been problematic. And it would be fair to say that the continuing slow consumer demand is worrisome, but there's nothing that we see in the data that suggests that consumer behavior is changing in any way. As John said, we have seen pockets of length and frequency of purchase and we're addressing that both strategically with advertising and innovation and also some price point action on the shelf. The competitive environment is variable. It can be volatile and it can be particularly sharp and we saw that for example in June here in the United States across many categories, heightened, competitive activity. So, I think that's going to be a variable and our belief and I think the most important belief here is that the consumer behavior will see the categories come back. The only thing we can practically do to address that in the short term is to drive our market shares because then whatever the category growth is we will be getting the best return out of the category growth that exists. And in that regard, I can say that our global year-to-date market shares are better or even with the first quarter shares on all of our about priority businesses. So, we are beginning to see our market shares rise. But I think before one takes a view on longer-term growth rates, one would want to see this year play out and get more information on that consumer behavior, get some practical evidence that indeed the consumption patents do return to the norm. And then when we give guidance for 2018 that would be the time to have the conversation.
Ian Cook: Yeah, well all good questions. It's suffice to say that the Natural segment is growing faster than the average growth of the category, which is what makes it attractive. We of course have participated in this segment for quite a while, particularly in markets where it's important Asia or even go back to now more than decade ago acquisition of Tom's of Maine here in the United States, which continues to grow very, very nicely. I guess the point is that the offering we are talking about now is different from the naturals offerings that we had thus far much more tailored to brands that now exist that didn't exist when we had our Naturals portfolio first in the marketplace competitive with those brands tailored from a flavor point of view and to the point you made at a meaningful premium price compared to prior offerings in the marketplace. So, it's more the tailoring of it than the existence of it because segments obviously more over time. So, I don't think it's a question of missed. I think it's a question of tailoring the product to the category as it evolves over time. And you know the question of cannibalization is a very difficult one to answer in the general. It varies market-by-market premiumization tends to reduce the cannibalization obviously with low businesses and we will of course be supporting our base businesses when we come with this premium innovations that we'll be working very hard to keep the cannibalization to a minimum, but regardless to the point you made from a cannibalization point of view this will be accretive from a pricing point of view and therefore favorable.
Ian Cook: Thanks Wendy. Well the eCommerce growth 65% is indeed for Colgate in totality. In other words, it is the Hill's business and it is all of the Colgate businesses and frankly we don't intend to break out the difference between the two, nor do we intend to break out the percentage of that business that is eCommerce suffice to say it is still relatively modest, but very, very high growth. And once it reaches a tipping point, we'll certainly bring that information to the marketplace. The pricing reaction is actually not mutually exclusive. When we talk about price point adjustment at retail it is to be competitive on purchase cycles and while it applies to all of our categories in promotional pricing, it is less focused on oral care, which of course is what Noel was talking about. So, they're selective, they're surgical and they're less focused on oral care point number one. Point number two, from an oral care point of view, just the prior discussion on the Naturals offering, we're also bringing innovation that is materially higher priced to that business and as Noel may have described, in some cases as we have relaunched literally tiers of our business, TIERS, of our business in different parts of the world behind that relaunch we found a way of elevating the value the consumer gets and the pricing of the line to increase the average life -- the average price of our entire portfolio. So, I guess that's the way to answer it and yes, revenue management is extremely important, the topic that Noel talked about remains highly relevant and what John was talking about was surgical activity less applicable to oral care on promotional pricing, not strategic pricing.
Ian Cook: Yes, interesting Wendy, it kind of works the other way. What we observe on eCommerce thus far is that the consumer is actually -- tends to buy more premium and even if they're not buying the premium brands, they tend to buy in multiples. So, in fact the eCommerce behavior is favorable to us from a consumption point of view and if you look at the Hill's business, 15% of the Hill's business in the U.S. on eCommerce is subscription. So that means once they buy it one time, they're signing up to regular delivery of that diet over time, which is we believe a good business model for our brand.
Ian Cook: Yes, well thanks for the question, the gross profit as John said in his remarks was behind our expectations for the first half of this year, largely because of raw material cost increases, which in fact was primarily in the area of fats and oils. Interestingly, the cost of fats and oils has ebbed since the first half of this year. So as John also said, we now moving into a more favorable raw material cost environment and of course for this year thus far and it gets easier against our projections over the balance of the year there has been less transaction headwind because foreign exchange has not been so negative as it had been in -- as it had been in previous years. So, we are looking at what we believe will be a multiple benefit of material cost easing and transaction costs lessening and as John also said, we therefore expect to see a sequential improvement in gross margin as the year unfolds. So, I think that's the answer to the question.
Ian Cook: Yes. Good question. And I'm glad you got the scale thing on the table you're right for the last couple of years and I think we were quite express about this when we talked about 2017 faced with sharp foreign exchange negative impacts and with having no immediate to place to go. We reduced advertising and we said coming into this year we did not want to do that and but even if foreign exchange were going to run sharply negative for whatever global calamity reason that we would not go back on our advertising investment. And our intention at the time we said that and it remains our intention and our plan is to continue our advertising investment in the second half at approximately the same level in other words sustained advertising that we have seen so far across the first half. And yes, that will suggest a fairly meaningful set up in advertising investment. We think the ROI will be good this is now talking to the traditional advertising because as I said earlier we have a lot of advertising vehicles now developed that have tested extremely well. So, we know the advertising works very, very hard and is persuasive to consumers and interestingly it is good to have this balance between announcing what new and shall we say supporting and reminding of the reason consumers give trust to the brand in the first place. And so continuous advertising behind as we call it the base is an important part of that decision. And you're right obviously the Bright Smiles, Bright Futures investment is not a short-term investment but is again I tried to spell out we know the ROI on that is terrific we know we get good ROI on our media in general. And therefore, we are very comfortable with the investment decision and of course it is our expectation that this will be part of the reason to return us to growth as we work our way across the year. And again, Bright Smiles, Bright Futures we hope will be part of the reason why we will be able to sustain that growth in the toothpaste category out of the time.
Ian Cook: Good question Jason let me try and take it on. The U.S. dish reset, which I think we have well covered we now have the products fully in distribution there on the shelf where we want them on the shelf we were hit in June as we've said by heightened competitive activity very heightened. And we are responding to adjust our promotional planning on offering to jumpstart progress across the back half of the year. So yes, in our control and I think a plan in place to rebuild growth. On the decisions that affected customers I guess I would focus on of the three you raised you have decision to move broadly to e-commerce in the United States with our pet nutrition business which we continue to believe is absolutely the right decision. And we’re in equal opportunity believer in that space in other words we are just as happy to lean in aggressively with the retailer who has a brick-and-mortar offering and an e-commerce offering as we are with the pure play eCommerce company. We had a hiccup shall we say with a customer in the U.S. that hiccup is now substantially behind us and a return to normal promotional and other consumer engagement activity is recommencing and will of course build across the balance of the year. The European retailer matter I think John covered well we are seeing our market shares rebound quite nicely and growing sustainably and sequentially and we expect to see that continue across the back half of the year. In Africa/Eurasia we made those distributor choices that we again believe are the right choices for the business over the long-term and we will continue to lap those comparisons until the fourth quarter of this year. So, the third quarter will still be burden by a difficult comparisons and then of course the reality is that even though each of them we believe was in the right decision they had a compounding effect all at the same time which was problematic but I think faced with the requirement to make the decisions again we make the same decisions. The GST you know we were just digging out of the demonetization headwind and then boom you get the GST which basically saw the stock list close up sharp the last two weeks in June and we're hopeful you know barring another event that we will see that rebuild across the back half of the year. So, I think on balance those issues I think we've identified them before and I think we are in the process of building them. The macro environment looking forward you know it really comes down to the categories we think the behavior will come back, but we're focused on building our market shares so that whatever the category growth rate is we're getting frankly more than our fair share of that underlying growth so that's the way we’re thinking about that while we get more consumer data in terms of behavior as we work our way through the balance of the year.
Ian Cook: Yes, I think that's a very relevant and pertinent point and yes, of course it is within our strategic remit. It's not and I know you know this but it's not a simple as simply taking a product and putting it through a proven distribution system when you bring products the people may or may not be familiar with in their entirety i.e. from a usage point at all or certainly from a brand point of view it requires a considerable degree of investment and patients over multiple years to build a position in the marketplace. But the answer is yes, it is clearly one of the assets we believe we have that we can leverage the question will simply be timing and pace so watch this space.
Ian Cook: Yes, well category growth -- frankly it’s reasonably straightforward certainly for the last quarter the emerging markets are still mid-single-digits in some countries with much more of a presence now on e-commerce China would be the obvious example. And in the developed world what we have seen is a Europe and a United States or North America were essentially flat I mean that's the way the world splits today. M&A do we have appetite we've always had appetite we’re just I would say very strategic in our appetites and when we look at M&A we look at it from the point of view of strengthening the portfolio of the company not meeting our sales requirement. And certainly not jumping into a new business that we don't know where too much about and mustard would have been a very expensive one to get into for example. So, I think you could see us buy on the fringes of the businesses we’re in we have with Sanex for example you know lotions and creams that we are now expanding in Europe. But if we were to play an M&A and we are very keen on expanding our portfolio with the light asset I think you would see it in the broader definitions of the categories we’re already in oral care, in pet nutrition and in personal care and that's the way we think about it we’re not going to do anything in an undisciplined way adjust for a tactical response we remain king.
Ian Cook: Okay Andrea well let me start with the global growth and efficiency program and the SG&A idea I mean you were right we remain extremely focused on maximizing our opportunity in this final year of that program and I think you know that is reflected in the two actions that we talk about in the second quarter one of which reflected in the costs in our filing both of them are directly and meaningfully in the SG&A space. They will play out over time in terms of realizing the benefit that they will afford a benefit and we continue to focus on finding other areas that we could do like without in any way damaging the firepower we need to be successful on the ground. So yes, it's a very clear area focus and I think it evidenced in the actions that we took. It’s very difficult to come back to this cadence on the quarter again as John said in the U.S. actually the second quarter in aggregate was worse than the first quarter overall with the combination of a weak April and then a June that faded. In terms of destocking we have seen that on volatile basis I guess the only thing I can repeat is that we are seeing on a year to-date basis our global market shares in our priority categories are better or flat with the first quarter which gives us a sense that our underlying consumption driven growth is improving and we look forward with the four areas of focus I mentioned to capitalizing on that fully as we work our way through the back half of the year.
Ian Cook: Yes, well taking it in reverse order in pet we think about it more in terms of the formulation of our products we are unabashedly a brand that provides proven clinical benefits to pets whether it's preventative or whether it's curative with our prescription diet business. And certainly, on the preventative health line we have reformulated our products to put proteins first and not give people a reason to switch out of our business and if they value a particular clinical benefit to not have a barrier to them trying the Hill’s the product and we think that has been quite successful and conceptually moving into a very, very almost homes like naturals is difficult to do. We have tried a couple of times with Hill’s and the heritage of the brand doesn't give you the bandwidth to go pure on naturals. So, we've done it by formulation to eliminate barriers. I don't think at this stage given the compounding effect of the slowdown in our markets trying to do the math on what is the one-off and how does it relate to the underlying category growth is going to be particularly helpful because the expectation is that the category growth will come back. So, the reason the way we’re thinking about it is to say over the year we expect this year now to be low single digits from an organic sales point of view and we continue to be very focused on the consumer and the consumer behavior. We've taken some actions that John mentioned to try and capture the frequency of purchase in some of our businesses and as we learn more will be able to respond more authoritatively is the behavior coming back or is there something else driving what we see in the categories and we think it would be premature and probably misleading to get into that at this stage.
Ian Cook: Yes, I guess on the first question I'm not sure I completely agree I think it's fair the criticism on the advertising spend and the lack of consistency of advertising but that we addressed coming into this year's budget and I'm just reaffirming that it is playing out the way we expected it to play out. On eCommerce, we have been very focused on e-commerce for a long time we may not have talked about it as eloquently as you find I did this morning, but we have been focused on it and I think that's why we have the toothpaste leadership positions in the markets that we talk about and the growth rate. And subscription levels on the Hill’s business that we talk about even if we took the pain of making those decisions in the marketplace which we’re now after almost nine months nearly a year just working our way out of. Naturals again we had been talking about the naturals for a while yes, it's only coming to marketplace right now when the local brands idea came up we were saying that that is our response. You can try this on the speed of getting it to marketplace and I won't fight that but in terms of the idea and that was accounted to the local brands we feel good about the offering that we're on. And on the efficiency, I'm not sure you were implying any critique of the productivity and I think the action that we have taken in this quarter that we have mentioned was evidence of our focus in that area. So, when we think about going forward would buzz is one thing and there seems to be increasing buzz in this world about virtually everything which can become an enormous distraction. So, the only thing I can say and I won't repeat the remarks I made at Bernstein, but I will say we are focused on the areas that I have mentioned we think these are the right areas to focus on to see a recovery in sales momentum across the back half of the year. We are focused on the SG&A line in our income statement to get us more productive from a reasonably advantaged base going forward. So, we have no blinders in terms of a need to focus on our cost structure and we will continue to do that and if we have more to say in that space we will say that in a way that we think is consistent with driving growth sustainably over time. And with or without buzz we are steadfastly focused on that. So, I'm sorry I can’t sound more energetic it seems to fail me, but I think you can rest assured but we don't have to rest assured I guess I'm saying that we very much our focused-on growth and on cost structure.
Ian Cook: Yeah, I think I don't think it's driven by e-commerce I think it's driven by shall we say business entrepreneurs who are local I think pleasingly for us it's driven by ideas that tend to be premium which are ideas we happy to compete with rather than perhaps in the early years ideas that were more pricing driven. In some cases, it's driven by affinities so the union by our brand in China was already a well-established wound healing brand in the country. You take it into the toothpaste category and say you stop bleeding gums well-known brand in the toothpaste category and they didn't do much advertising in the early years and the business started to grow. Patanjali in India takes a very nationalist view of his business so these are concepts in the local market. They tend to be premium price oriented and it means that you have to respond with a very specifically constructed offering that attacks the benefit the consumer is looking for. Hence the natural -- the natural reaction. So, I think it's more a function of entrepreneurs, concepts, affinity with the local, the market which is why we have innovation centers and technology centers in China to be close to the consumer on the ground in that country. And in the end, the winner over time in these clashes are going to be the companies that best understand the consumer and serve them offerings that they want over time and of course that's what we all resourced and focused on doing.
Ian Cook: Well, let me start by saying you start with a great name, so that's a good place to start. Our point on advertising was not to do with the advertising in the first half. Our point on advertising and the numbers you referred to in the recent historical cost was to do with adjustments downward that we made in advertising in response to unfortunately foreign exchange very sharply going the other way, but your second question was suggesting And when came into this year, what we said was that isn’t what we were going to do. Advertising North of 10% is a good level of advertising and so what we said coming into this year is that we wanted to sustain our advertising across the full year, which means the comparison over the last couple of years is driven by a lower second half in those prior years and what will be a sustainable level over the back half of the year, which means the advertising will be meaningfully up versus the prior year. So, it's sustainability rather than a lack of in terms of -- in terms of investment and hey foreign exchange, you look at the last five years, I think the pundits have been wrong coming into basically every single year and if foreign exchange does turn positive, we will have a quick round of the applause and then we will bring it back to the business. Our general historical rule of thumb has been to reinvest some and to bring some to the bottom line. What we would actually do this time around would be a subject of internal debate but that rule of thumb has been our historical action.
Ian Cook: The gross profit roll forward, so prior year gross profit was $60.2. As you know we picked up 40 Bps from pricing between the restructuring, which is de minimis and funding the growth of positive 170 Bps, material negative 180 Bps, which was primarily the fats and oils as I said other 20 Bps and that takes you to the 60.7, which is up 50 basis points year-on-year. So that's the gross margin roll forward. I would say in Latin America it is a focus on the fundamentals. It is innovation. I wouldn't go so far as to say the lower end innovation is making the difference and I would say markets like Brazil. I'm afraid remain variable. So, we're very pleased with that bounce back, but we'll be watching very closely in terms of sustainability through the third quarter. But the fundamentals are the same fundamentals for Latin America across the back half of the year.
Ian Cook: Okay. I understand that is the last call. So, thank you for being with us and we look forward to talking to you again in October.
