Ian M. Cook - Colgate: Thank you for the one question, Bonnie. We're not going to drill down further into the U.S. business. We thought we were quite expansive in calling out the specific areas that affected that business, two of them much covered by external press as the quarter unfolded and indeed, as we indicated during our CAGNY remarks. I will say that the inventory reduction pressure seems to be behind us and have abated. As John commented in his remarks, we have seen improvement in category consumption since the fall off in February, and while we don't have complete data for the month of April, I would say that continues to be positive but not sequentially more positive than March.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate: Yeah, I mean, that's a very deep and complex question, Dara. If you look at that first quarter, much has been said about weather. Much has been said about tax rebate checks and other external factors. From what we can see, with some retailers the tax rebate checks did seem to have an impact. And that is clearly behind us and hopefully will not reoccur next year, but we did indeed see volume decline in several categories and obviously, that is a concern going forward. As I said, we saw it pick up a little bit in March, continued to be better in April, although not at the March rate. We've been doing some custom work around the world, particularly in the toothpaste market to understand consumers' buying behavior and we're not seeing people stopping brushing their teeth. I guess, some of the data that is emerging, in some markets you have consumers who buy multiple packs of the product and store them in their bathroom and when times are uncertain work down their own bathroom inventory before they go back to buy at retail. Now, depending on the marketplace, the on average number of tubes in the home is around two, and with the purchase cycle you have on toothpaste that gives you confidence they're not stopping brushing. They're going to come back to reuse the product. So we think, turning back to the U.S., that it's a combination of the external factors, which are behind us, and the consumer in an uncertain time just working down that home inventory. But we're not seeing their brushing behavior change which, I think, is an important thing. And as John said, from a share point of view, the advertising and promotional activity we have had in the U.S. is producing results in terms of our market share growth as we came through the quarter. So we think that part of the go-to market is robust. It is our estimation that the consumer will come back to the marketplace because their fundamental behaviors have not changed. And I would say trial-oriented promotion is still important in terms of our innovation flow and even our base business. So I think what one has to guard against, consumers are clearly prepared for the right value they perceive in a brand to pay a premium price. And I think and we have said this before, pure price promotion toothpaste volume does not accomplish that objective over the long-term. So it still comes back to innovation and support behind the brand and the innovation over the medium term.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate: Yeah, Kevin, sure. Let me do one piece of housekeeping as I go through this in terms of our gross margin for the first quarter and that is to give you the gross margin pricing roll forward on the year. So if we start with the prior year gross profit, which was 60%, we got a benefit from pricing of 90 basis points positive. So actually our pricing was up. We got a benefit from our Funding the Growth savings and our restructuring of 140 basis points exactly the same as the benefit we got in the previous year. Material prices were slightly more of a headwind in the first quarter than the fourth quarter or the prior year at 150 basis points. And then we had a modest 10 basis points negative of all other, which got you to the 70 basis points. So fundamentally, on that gross margin, the disproportionate year-on-year driver was negative material costs which traced largely to fats and oils, which went up sharply. And as you've probably been reading in the business press, the crop this year has been particularly strong. And we have seen fats and oils costs now coming down which will, of course, lessen the headwind of the material costs over the balance of the year, which will be favorable to us. And if foreign exchange stays where it is, we will have less of the transaction costs impact hitting us from a gross margin point of view. And as you know from our history, the benefit of our Funding the Growth tends to increase as the year progresses sequentially quarter-on-quarter. So that's how we're seeing it. It's still allowing us to be competitive. Interestingly, if you look at the pricing we have taken in the market over the years when foreign exchange was strongly negative, over the last four years of all of the markets in which we do business, the only two where the pricing we have taken is ahead of the CPI are Brazil and Argentina, which perhaps wouldn't surprise you. So we don't think we've stretched pricing too much and we have an adequacy of promotional and advertising activity over the balance of the year, I think, to stimulate our brands and hopefully categories.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate: Yeah. I guess, as you might expect, I bristle at the concept of executional issues. I mean, the reason I tried to go through the fourth quarter challenges in summary form this call was to try and put that in some perspective. Frankly, well, India demonetization was an issue that affected everybody, clearly external. From the customer point of view, we had several things going on, including some fairly tough discussions. And we're very disciplined in terms of how we manage our trading terms in order that we maintain the value that is in our brands. And we're also very disciplined in executing to a strategy that we deem is serving the consumers that we ultimately serve. And in the pet nutrition business, that is the shift to ecommerce which we are committed to following. And in the European case, we wanted to be responsible about the trading terms for our brands. And we suffered in both cases. That has now dissipated but, candidly, faced with the same choices, we'd make the same decisions. So they were decisions rather than execution. Africa/Eurasia actually the same. We found the negative economic pressures in those countries put distributors under pressure and it forced us, from a credit point of view, to make a decision. And we did, and we are rebuilding from that. So I would put all of those in the context of decisions made with the exception of India demonetization. And candidly, faced with the same decisions we would make them again and maybe that's just in certain cases the trickle-down effect of the slowdown in world markets as it affects other partners that we work with. Two aspects of the U.S. relates to the consumer and external factors, that is the trade inventory and the consumption weakness. The dish share matter again is a judgment. When you make these portfolio changes and basically change all of the SKUs in your line, you are frozen out of promotional advertising because you have to lock pricing through the transition period, you know you're vulnerable to promotional activity. Frankly, the promotional activity was at a much higher level than we had estimated. We still believe that making that change was right because we have a more competitive offering on the shelf in a more competitive array of packages and price points by channels of trade. And we expect that refreshed portfolio to rebuild over the balance of the year. And China, our e-commerce position is good and our volume market share is fine. We just need to do more to leverage that volume share up and we hope the Naturals premium innovation with more to follow will be the key to doing that. I think the fundamental issue here, Steve, is what are the underlying growth rates in categories and how do companies capitalize on those growth rates. As John said, from a U.S. point of view, we're looking at recovery over the balance of the year but not to prior year level. So our plans consider a slightly slower curve of return. And in the international markets, we are still seeing mid-single digit growth even if it has been more pricing than volume driven at this time and would expect to see that shift a little bit. So we don't think the fundamentals of the business are broken. We aren't seeing consumers changing their behaviors fundamentally, so we think it's a case of working through the short-term and the buying behaviors will recover over the balance of the year.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate: Well, thanks, Faiza. That's again a broad question. I must say we tend not to think in terms of algorithms. We tend to think more in terms of strategically growing the business and while the 4% to 7% remains our long-term strategic growth target, as we said in the press release, given the slow start to this year, we expect to be modestly below that range because of the factors affecting the first quarter. We agree your point that brands respond to and we think our brands respond to investment in innovation and in advertising support, and that's why we are so committed to make that investment sustainably over the balance of the year which will affect the year more as the year unfolds. We're very committed to that. We're committed to it digitally. We're committed to it in advertising. We're committed to it in research and development to create an underlying pipeline of innovation that can fuel the business. We're committed to it with the formation of commercial hubs, which in some cases is giving us more resources on the ground to build our brands that particularly applies from a selling capacity point of view in the emerging markets. So we're committed to making those investments. In some parts of the world where underlying growth rates are just slower and have been for several years, it is, I think, untenable to continue to operate the way you have because the business itself does not support the infrastructure servicing it. And we thought as we began our Global Growth and Efficiency Program, we had a wonderful opportunity to use the power of SAP, which drives all of our business to move this commercial hubbing idea, which we had 15 years of experience in very effectively in Central America, move the idea of shared services to service subsidiaries and free them up to operate on the ground. I would add, business service centers staffed by Colgate people, not outsourced, to make us more efficient and free up cost and free up funds to invest in the business. So I think we're very focused on this balance between how far can you go and what do you need to drive the business on the ground or to drive business digitally. And we certainly haven't shied away from any of those investments. So we agree your posture and we're working very hard to execute against precisely that.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate: Well, I would say, Jason, I think more reflective of underlying trends than necessarily January and February, we're definitely shifting more of our investment to digital, no question, and we have many, many good, in fact, terrific examples of that. And that will continue and in some markets, I mean Hill's, for example, it's a 100% of the investment. So we will continue to push digital from a social, consumer engagement point of view. We're driving e-commerce as fast as we can. We're staffing separate groups to do that. China, we're beginning to see the outcome of that in terms of market share leadership in that country on e-commerce. So step change not in response to January/February, step change in terms of last year to this year and continuing to revisit the balance as this year unfolds? Absolutely. Absolutely.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate: Yeah, well, let me start with the second and in terms of the category growth. So for the emerging markets, in general, we're continuing to see mid-single digit category growth. And as I've said earlier, sometimes more weighted to price than to volume, but nonetheless in that mid-single digit range. As we have said before, the European environment is quite flat, and we would say 1% would be exciting for Europe. And I think, we've kept that generally flat view from a European point of view. I think, from a U.S. point of view, we had been in that 1% to 2% range for the U.S. business. And based on what we're seeing today, I think – before we were even thinking, gosh, we saw some months where it was moving beyond 2% and thought the exuberance of 3% might be on the cards, but I would say category growth in the U.S. you might expect to be to the lower end of that 1% to 2% range than beyond the higher end of the range. But we'll have to see how the year unfolds. On the advertising discussion, Ali, I don't buy that. We continue to invest intelligently at retail. We continue to find ways. I was just in Europe the other week and saw some interesting ways we leverage the dermatologists with promotional activity at retail in France. There are many ways today that you can structure programs that are brand-building, not simply trade spending to build your brands. I agree with you and I think we were clear that we did not want to find ourselves this year in the position of reducing our advertising investment, our below the line advertising investment when faced with some of the surprises everyone has felt from foreign exchange, and we have made that commitment, and we will stick to that commitment. And that's something that will guide us going forward. But I don't think the Colgate advertising stance has affected the category growths. The category growths are what the category growths are.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate: Yeah, well, thanks Olivia. I'm going to go home tonight and ask Alexa for sequential organic growth in the quarter. That would be very helpful. But to take your two questions. The opening price point idea. I think the thinking here, Alexa is that – Alexa. The thinking here is that we have an opportunity, as John said, to convert our volume share into higher value and that has – there are two elements of strategy to that. One is innovation that the consumer values that carries a premium price point that helps shift the portfolio over time. The other is finding intelligent ways to group and tier brands in your base business to elevate value with pricing being a component of the value delivered. And yes, the two examples given are the U.K. and South Africa, but it is clearly something that we are considering more broadly than those two countries. On e-commerce, I don't think as you imply correctly that the sort of millennial effect or the new household effect relates to the first quarter category slowdown and this is highly variable around the world. I mean, you've got a situation in Latin America where I think it's over 40% of new parents are already millennials and frankly their shopping habits are not yet highly developed from a consumption point of view on the Internet, but they're heavily influenced by social engagement on the Internet. So we reach them disproportionately through social media, but they shop in the traditional outlets that perhaps even their parents shopped in, maybe some change from a physical location, but it's not yet Alexa online driven. In the U.S., there is more of that shift. We see it most markedly with Hill's, and we like that. I mean, frankly if 50% of our e-commerce business is subscription that attests to the strength of the brand. And when you get to that kind of relationship with consumers is does that require new packaging, et cetera? The answer is yes, it does, and we have a terrific example on Hill's with Amazon where we worked to reshape the packaging in terms of protecting the product. In terms of using recycled material in the packaging in terms of that outer case being recyclable, which is something that the average pet parent that buys Hill's is interested in because it shares their value set. And so yes, when we move down that path, we indeed do all of those things and we're pushing hard. We are the leading company in oral care online in the United States. So we're moving hard down that path but still, in aggregate, in our categories today, the Internet is not a significant part of the business, but we're well positioned to capitalize on it if that hits a tipping point just as we've capitalized on it in China where indeed it is growing much more quickly than it is in the U.S. So should that shift happen, I think we're putting the right resources in place to capitalize on it, but not a significant force yet.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate: Yeah. The way we think about it, as I said our volume share is up a little bit in China, which is good. I would say one of the other benefits we have in China, we have a multinational brand and we have a Chinese brand and I think that helps our market position in China, and strengthens our view going forward. This shift to e-commerce is continuing at quite a clip. So our current view is that it's going to be a couple of quarters before that's completely resolved.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate: Yeah, so the answer is we lead, but the leading share is below our brick-and-mortar share. That is often the case with e-commerce because e-commerce tends to carry a lot more brands in their list of offerings. So there's still opportunity to expand there. And my gosh, the what's different, I mean everything is different. I think the most fundamental way to say it is that you can't think of e-commerce as if it's a digital shelf. So you have to be focused on engaging with the consumer on the way to transacting with the consumer. And there are many cues to good engagement, including how you show the product, including how you promote the product, including the ratings behind the product. So there are lots of touch points on the way to converting that engagement to sale. There are price points that work. And so we have teams that focus on all of that. The good thing with e-commerce is you get a real data flow in terms of the purchasing behavior of the consumer and you can react in terms of the way you go to market and offer your product to that consumer. And we're always trading ideas between what is working in the United States and how is the Chinese e-commerce business unfolding.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate: Yeah, to answer the second first. Yes, there was the lingering overhang of the issue we talked about on the fourth quarter which, in thoughtful language, we tried to convey is in the process of being addressed and should start to see a benefit back as we move through the balance of the year. So the answer to that is yes. I guess what was surprising about – two things about hand dish. Number one, it is rare that we restage an entire portfolio. But we felt from a competitive point of view that we not only had to make and wanted to make formula improvements to our product, but we wanted to completely reshape the sizing and pricing to compete in the different retail outlets more effectively. And with major retailers, you're given one window a year to do that. So either you do all of it in one go or you do one bit this year and then the next bit a year later in which case the sizing and pricing wouldn't harmonize effectively. So we made the judgment call to do it all in one go. And I guess what surprised us was the intensity of professional reaction in that category. That category was actually down from a consumption point of view quite significantly, and the competitive reaction perhaps because of that decline was, I think, four times the normal level. And we were frozen on pricing because we were making the change, and so we took a disproportionate hit. Now, I think the thing here now is to look forward and say that reset is almost completed. We have a better product, better packaging and sizing and pricing portfolio on shelf, and we have the trial building advertising and promotion just commencing, so we're looking to recapture that share with a better offering as we go across the year. So I guess that's the answer.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate: Thanks, Lauren. Yeah, I would sort of come at that from where you ended rather than where you started. I think what we are focused on is incremental opportunities to address SG&A, and obviously we would like that to impact the business consistent with our current Global Growth and Efficiency Program timing. If that intense focus reveals future opportunities that we should consider, then we will clearly do that and be transparent about that at the appropriate time, but it is really a sharp focus on how can we meaningfully impact within the confines of the current program.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate: Yeah, I would say many have mentioned this, local brands have become more of a factor. Their effectiveness actually varies market by market. We have a space in Latin America, and they have ebbed from the sort of five share points that they got to. I guess, China would be the most obvious and I tried to address that in my China comment, which is to say I think because we have a portfolio that includes both a, you might say, local brand and Colgate that we're quite well positioned there and indeed have opportunity to take premium up. The way to meet local brands, at least so far in our experience, is you have to cover their positioning. And in the case of many local brands around the world these days, indeed as we are doing with Tom's in the United States, but many of them attack the marketplace with a kind of a naturals view, so whether it's India or China or other parts of the world, we have some naturals innovation that we are bringing to the marketplace. It can be different market by market but the general idea is naturals and we think that is the weapon, remembering in China that Colgate has held share for the last eight years, that we think that kind of offering and shall we say China for Chinese advertising is the key to the local brand. So they will be there. Some have interesting concepts, and I guess the job of the marketer is to meet the interesting concept. And that's what we're trying to do.
Ian M. Cook - Colgate: Okay, so thank you. I understand that's the last question. Thank you for all of your questions and interest in the company. And Alexa, sell more.
