Ian Cook: As you might imagine not an unexpected question, and in answering it as you did let’s take a little bit broader perspective and then come back to your specific question. So the world we’re dealing in today in terms of our categories so I am talking Colgate businesses now and the categories in which we do business not the macroeconomic scene, we have a world where our categories are growing between 0% and 2% in the developed world in Europe at the low end of that and in the U.S. at the upper end of that 0% to 2% growth. In the emerging markets through this call the growth rates in our categories continue to be mid-single digits generally. And our objective, business objective, in that arena has been to have a sustainable rate of growth organically in that 4% to 7% range that we mentioned at the beginning of the year, which we think we continue into the third quarter and we continue to talk about 4 to 7 of the year and indeed as we think about 2016, we begin our budgeting process with the same ambition next year. And the way you get that consistent rate of growth is by building new brands. And you build your brands as measured in market share and as we choose investment vehicles to build those brands you’re focusing on trial and repeat purchase of our new innovation and our existing businesses. And don’t forget in many of these emerging markets consumer behavior is challenged by local category conditions in those markets, and in store engagement can be more persuasive than -- we were all educated as being proper advertising investment. So we balance and like to think we invest smartly in traditional media the traditional television magazine, radio, sampling devices that would be in that advertising number with an increasing shift as Bina pointed out to digital, being both lower cost and better rate of return and frankly in Latin America with the millennials are now the predominant parent generation a better way of engaging with that target group. And you as you indicated the in-store work that we do within these volatile times can be particularly powerful. Now all of that said as we think about going forward and we begin our process for the budget in 2016 even though we haven’t yet fully begun that process, if we look at the array of innovation we have over the next three years starting in 2016, I think it would be safe to say that our expectation would be that our traditional advertising ratios would be up in 2016.
Ian Cook: Well, the ad ratio will be according to our current plan for 2015, will be up quarter-on-quarter for the balance of the year and now I am talking income statement, so I am talking dollar. And if you think about 2016, I think at this stage the expectation would be dollar and of course therefore local currency given what I think most believe will be an improving or at least less bad foreign exchange environment.
Ian Cook: The Brazil, I don’t actually recall Bina’s language, but frankly the Brazilian environment hasn’t become particularly more competitive and historically, it continues to be a competitive marketplace to be sure. But again back to my answer to Dara, with the programs we have and the innovation we have we see our market-share continuing to grow and at 72 as Bina said it's the highest in the last 20 years with our principal competitors both down. So frankly at this stage whatever the threats are in the marketplace, we seem to be meeting them. If we turn to your second question which was around Hill’s, I think it would be fair to say in broad terms that Hill’s is about 50-50 U.S. domestic, international business split.
Ian Cook: Similar. Yes, I mean the innovation moves from the U.S. around the world and I am pleased to say things like metabolic and metabolic plus are having similar impacts where ever we take them, so yes.
Ian Cook: No you didn’t Caroline and I am sure many of you have not yet had the chance to get to our [indiscernible] which was posted earlier this morning. But as you well know from the financial literature and the decisions that one makes in this space any decision that we would take to deconsolidated would be driven by our inability on an ongoing basis to get dollars or if we faced additional restrictions on our ability to make local operating decisions on the ground clearly these are things that we revisit quarter upon quarter and we duly did so for this quarter Caroline, but based on our facts and circumstances and the assessments we made we have chosen to keep reporting Venezuela this quarter and of course that is subject that we will revisit period-by-period as time goes on.
Ian Cook: Well remember the government approved pricing that got in Venezuela which I think was around 70% plus, 74% if I remember correct me, that was in the fourth quarter of last year. So obviously you have the rollover effect. There is pricing obviously we get for the non-regulated businesses but I would tell you that we are getting pricing across Latin America from Mexico down to Argentina.
Ian Cook: Very good and deep question Ali, as usual. The answer is it’s not either-or and I think if you were to go back to again the days when many of us made our marketing bones, in store activity was pretty rudimentary there was a cardboard display stuck at the end of the shelf with a $0.99 off flag on it hardly brand building in nature and that is why everybody has this aversion if you will to in store investment versus the supposed quality of the engagement we get from their traditional media understanding that that will today is so fragmented that it is less precise than perhaps many of us believed historically. So, no, obviously, you don’t find yourself in a place where all of your engagement with consumer happens at the retail level. So with the data available to us today with the techniques available to us today with some of the in store engagement materials available to us today, which are brand and benefit and therapy open bracket Colgate specific including some times the coloring of the shelves but house oral care products at retail that is a wonderful environment to get consumers to make that final decision particularly if they are in a stressed highly devalued geography. You still have the advertising and we can debate traditional versus digital, but is making the awareness connection and seeking to provoke the trial, but you miss everything if you don’t engage with that consumer when they come to that store to make sure the trial engendered if the your product. So yes it is a balance so it is not a journey to everything at retail but I think the historical perceptions of what you can do at retail and frankly a prejudice that says what you do at retail is by definition not brand building I am afraid it’s a little bit old school.
Ian Cook: Ali, again, take Latin America think about our market share and think about how much of that shelf we have, then think about red, then think about a program that may take a local dentist with an incentive to go to a store and buy Colgate that is hitting you in the face with a therapeutic health message so you’re coming in provoked by the dentist and Colgate is engaging newer shelf, a competitor can spend more money, they’re not going to get that presence at retail. So I would argue it is differentiating and the presence you have at retail with the market shares we have in our specific categories come back to the more fragmented media market, you can argue which is more likely to get the consumers’ attention. Having said that I am still old school and I agree with you a good copy is very important part of a marketing mix, but it’s a marketing mix I would argue it is not simply more of the store, but everything on media. Things are much more balanced.
Ian Cook: Yes, I mean it's clearly a very good question Bill and obviously were I to answer and I’d have to kill you. So I think the headline would be, I think we are very thoughtful and we’re very strategic about acquisition, you have seen that I think in those things that we have acquired. We are all with strategically open to the right acquisition at the right time. As you know these things are little bit of process of serendipity however much you move and peruse and then we are also very disciplined on valuations. You have to live with what you buy for the betterment of the company over the long haul. So I think my answer would be we’re as interested in acquisitions as were in Sanex and GABA and Tom’s and the laser brand in Myanmar and if more were to become available and the price was right, you’d see as this interested going forward as we have been over our recent past. But I wouldn’t make it a tilting point now versus previously.
Ian Cook: I think in terms of physical consumption; first of all some of these markets are growing in volume terms, so it's not everywhere. But you're right, when pricing is very aggressive needs as must from a dollar point of view that tends to depress volume in s short haul so without being glib, I think my answer would be once the necessary wave of pricing is behind us and everybody else that’s taking pricing I think you can expect the balance between price and volume to move back more on to the volume side of the equation. When exactly that will be is difficult to tell I would certainly say it will be no earlier than next year.
Ian Cook: The last one is difficult to do Jason because one comes off gross and the other is measured against net. What I can tell you is that what you are calling trade spending is up this year. But to come back to you more fundamental question, a few things; number one, this notion of shopper marketing is not the third quarter 2015 comment. We have been trying to make this point unsuccessfully for the last two to three years for the reasons ID tailed a little bit earlier. We believe well done it is part of building brands. Number two, you're right digital I think will become an important way to target and reach different consumer groups going forward and that carries with it a different dollar to the traditional media. But no, I would not take the notion this forever going forward our traditional media to sales percentage, the one you do see will be lower and stay lower. That as I said earlier in response to a question I think we’ll be the innovation spread and we have driven by the innovation spread that we have and as I said earlier even though we haven’t finished the budget process, actually we haven’t even started the budget process, but when you look at our innovation grid for the next three years starting in 2016, I think my expectation would be that you will see that ratio head back up a little bit in 2016. So it will move around I am just trying to assert that there is no good and bad, it’s all in the marketing mix and they are all legitimate ways of engaging with consumers. And particularly in volatile times with high devaluations that closure if you will with the consumer on sale in those high devalued emerging markets happen in that retail environment.
Ian Cook: No, you’re not. We haven’t done that, let us think about that, we could do that it is then a created number.
Ian Cook: Well, first of all, I had tried to explain the third quarter this year. It is a quarter I wouldn’t have said about it, I don’t think it’s abnormally low and therefore as we approach our 2016 budget we’re saying oh we need to get it back up to X or Y level, I do believe, we do believe that with the richness of innovation we have the expectation will be that it will be up, how much it will be up, we will know when we finish our budgeted process. Now as you look around the world and something I elected not to say let’s one sounds defensive but as you go around the world in many parts of the world you continue to see many of our multinational competitors pull back on traditional advertising quite substantially and then many of that fee market, even if you take the old fashioned measure of share or voice, we remain just on the face of it quite competitive. Now, we have seen some collaborating signals of certain businesses exited by competitors in order to realize price you see the public information in India and you see that in the market place. But if we take the breadth of our business, there is nothing I would point to say, the shape of the promotional environment that we’re in has meaningfully changed.
Ian Cook: Let’s take a step back Olivia. Clearly, when we began this program, which by the way is a lot shorter than many of our competitors. But when we began the program we had three key areas and we said at the beginning that it was a global growth and efficiency program and that it was a journey. So, we were establishing hubs and we were establishing business service centers and we were transferring lifting and shifting if you will capabilities to the new structure that we were building that was supported by SAP across out Company. So this gives us the opportunity to transform a little bit what, we are doing with the new structure that we are creating and do it in a time bound window of 2017 rather than extending it over a longer period. So it is very definitely still within the three areas that we defined at the beginning of the restructuring, no new areas. It is definitely one more year. And as we said in the release we’ll be coming back to you early in the New Year with flushed out ranges of costs for the program and savings. So on that one, we’ll back to you in the new-year.
Ian Cook: On your Venezuela comment, all I can say Steve is that this is something we revisit quarter-by-quarter based on the facts and circumstances that present themselves in each of the quarters and we will continue to do that. So I really and specifically do not want to share how we’re thinking about it. We will be resolutely objective and make whatever decisions we think are appropriate based on the fact and circumstances at the time. Now when you turn to the restructuring, I would say simplistically and we will be back with richer commentary next year, I would say specifically what we’re talking about and activities that will be more transformational in how we used the hubs we have created and how we use the service centers we have created more fulsomely. And I hold it there at this stage. So it is greater utilization around the basic structures that we will have fully established by next year.
Ian Cook: Chris that is straight forward leverage, our overheads -- our drawn [ph] overheads were actually down year-on-year with the benefits we’re getting from the restructuring program. But there is a lot of overhead that is dollar denominated and when you have the downward pressure of 13% foreign exchange on the top-line you end up with a leverage negative and it is entirely traceable to that negative leverage.
Ian Cook: I don’t know, the only other mix in it is the mix of countries. So it may have been a country mix issue, we’ll have to get back to you on that, I don’t have the answer at my fingertips.
Ian Cook: Well the oral care organic sales were better than the company average number one. Number two, in terms of total spending you're right, the trade spending as a ratio is a multiple of over three times the traditional advertising spending and relative to the category growth rates Bill’s question was to do with volume and my answer to the question was a balance between volume and price. And he was asking whether the volume was bottoming out and would come back and I think the answer we gave was you would expect that balance to come back once the higher pricing that has being taken had worked its way through and that we didn’t expect that to be earlier than 2016.
Ian Cook: We have both, the locals tend to be more country specific, Columbia and Mexico. So they tend to be both. And if I said it then I apologize, I didn’t mean to say it. We’re not waiting on anybody. We have been taking pricing in Latin America and I would further say when you look at the breakdown of raw materials in today’s world many of those raw materials are dollar denominated, so even a local competitor is going to get hit with the local currency transaction impact of raw materials coming into the country. So I would say that the incentive to price is fairly elevated across the board.
Ian Cook: I think when you look at the European environment obviously it’s our lowest growth area of the world. I think the good news is that although pricing has been consistently negative in Europe if you look at the three quarters this year it has become positively less negative, unfortunately we had the volume negative in the third quarter. And I would say -- we would say that that is going to come back and we’re certainly planning for positive organic growth going forward.
Ian Cook: The only thing I would comment to Lauren is that we had a situation in our Europe West grouping which is essentially our Germanic grouping which had to do with the transfer to a new distribution center which disrupted the shipments of that operation specifically in the quarter. So I think I know Europe was in part affected by that on the volume side which we see, A, as one time and B, already corrected and coming back in the fourth quarter. But it did have an effect beyond the usual market travails in Europe.
Ian Cook: Again you’re right it has to do with the pricing. You can see that the pricing of course is more elevated than the prior two quarters in Latin America and we took strong pricing in Brazil which had an impact on volume and usually the way that works is that as I said earlier once the pricing works its way through than the volume comes back, the categories are still growing mid-single digit. So we hope things stay to the normal cycle of events.
Ian Cook: Third quarter the prior year gross profit was 58.6%, we got 140 basis points positive from pricing, but our funding the growth savings and the restructuring, we got favorable 270 basis points, so funding the growth continuing to do very well. On material pricing there was a headwind of 390 basis points and so the offset of the resulting 120 basis points negative to the 140 on pricing gets you the plus 20 and meaningfully over half of the 390 basis points negative was to do with the transaction impact to foreign exchange.
Ian Cook: No, no, John sorry, what I said was the official price increase that we were granted was 74% in the fourth quarter of last year. So on some businesses, so that is --.
Ian Cook: I am not sure, I would go all the way there John, I think we’re comfortable with the four to seven range, I think your sense of pricing is right. We still have recovery to move the gross margin because to get to flat on the year, we have to be as you’ll calculate from the squeeze, we have to be up on the quarter. So it will be within range, I think we are thinking if you take the nine months to it would be kind of around there.
Ian Cook: On the first -- again without being glib, the answer is a simple, no. Particularly in our segment of the pet nutrition business which tends to be the more premium and so we have not seen it creep into specialty. Cash repatriation, Venezuela is Venezuela, absent Venezuela it's the same as it has always been. So we have the ability to repatriate sometimes timings is variable country-by-country but no change from prior.
Ian Cook: Okay. Then, thank you all for your questions and thanks to all the Colgate people around the world that deliver the results. Thank you everybody.
Javier Escalante: Good morning everyone. Actually my clarification has to do with Chris’ because it seems like headquartered expenses run the highest since 2009 and I was surprised because of the having and is this Forex or something else going on in that line? And I do have a question with regards to commercial spending and category growth if I can. Thank you.
Javier Escalante: Basically in the past and we know that the fact that this market shares are up across the board in oral care, it shouldn’t be a huge change. But especially in the past when advertising has been down there have been commentary regarding aggregate commercial spending which include trader spending. And trader spending is typically in magnitude two to three times advertising. So could you tell us whether the aggregate of commercial spending is up or not and in the case of category you mentioned that the category has kind of like bottomed out, this is in reference to Bill Schmitz question? So could you clarify whether is it that the category we’re seeing negative mix because of the price increases or actual volumes have slowdown? Because it seems as if considering all the market-share gains, all the pricing that you're taking in oral care the organics could have been better? So sorry for the too many questions. Thank you.
Javier Escalante: But if I may, so the question that I have is based on your assessment are you seeing, when you talk about volumes there is this interplay between mix and actual tonnage if you will. So my question is whether because of the price increases you were seeing negative mix within Colgate’s portfolio? Thank you.
