Kevin Sayer: Thanks, Robbie. I appreciate the question and understand your position. Let me start with, let's go back to the numbers and the things we talked about in our script. We're short a large number of new patients as to where we thought we would be at this point in time, and Jeremy can provide you with the numbers as to what the new patient constitutes. There is a combination of things as far as the new patient shortage. Obviously, disruption on the sales force expansion side. This was a different expansion for us than other ones. In other ones we've done, we literally took territories and just divided them geographically. In this time, we changed roles. We changed positions people called on. It was a much more disruptive expansion we've had in the past, and that did lead to a lot of disruption, particularly at the beginning of the quarter. We saw things getting better towards the end. With respect to the other factors, as far as market share, we said we've lost market share in the DME channel. While we've done well in the pharmacy channel, as you can all see by scripts and scripts that are filled in the pharmacy on the DME side, we've lost share, and that has hurt us. And, again, that is patients, it's including new patients, but it's also, as we're losing in that category, we're also losing the customers who have the highest annual revenue per year as a patient. So you're losing those. And then some of those patients, even though we've lost share in the DME channel, have shifted the pharmacy, but that is at a lower revenue per year number. The last piece of this is rebate eligibility. And again, we expected G7 to have rebate eligibility over schedule that was literally twice as fast as G6. It's been 3x faster. G7 got the full rebate very quickly, quicker than we had planned. So all those things added together, while they had somewhat of an effect on Q2, they have a longer range effect on the rest of the year. So we added all those things together, and that's how we came up with our guide. I'll let Jereme come up with more, if you want to add to that.
Kevin Sayer: Yes, I'll start. And again, Jereme, you can add more color. With respect to the rebates, this really caps in Q3. We'd estimated in our own models that we would have full rebate eligibility by the fourth quarter of this year. It just happened, again, a couple of quarters faster than we had planned. With respect to our field sales team and the disruption there, we believe we'll work through that in Q3 and early Q4. And by the time we start 2025, this group should be clicking on all cylinders. And things should go very well there. Another thing that Jereme talked about is reallocation and really examining where we're going to spend the dollars that we spend and the investments we're going to make to maximize the commercial effect of those. Those programs and those decisions are being made now. We'll roll into Q3 and into Q4. And we believe it'll set us up nicely for 2025. We're obviously not given 2025 guidance today. But we feel by the end of the year, the things that we've talked about today, we should have worked through, and we should have a very good idea as to where we're going in the future.
Kevin Sayer: No, it made perfect sense to me. With respect to our overall pricing, our pricing within channels, when you look at the prices, remains relatively consistent. What has happened in this quarter and what has happened now is more and more people have become eligible for rebates, hence bringing our value per customer down. This was the price that we assumed we would be targeting at the end of the fourth quarter, and we'd be rolling into '25 with. In other periods, we haven't had anything as severe as we have today, obviously, but our new patient growth number would be so high and our volumes would be so high. If something like this happened, we grew through it. And so if a plan like this accelerated, our new patient numbers are so big, Danielle, that we managed through it. In this quarter, you combine the two of them, the increase in the rebates, which gets, again, to a net price very near what we'd expected and modeled. That doesn't mean the bottom of the price is falling out on an overall basis in the channel. It just means more people were subject to rebates than we had before, and we shifted patients from a more profitable DME channel over to that pharmacy. Through some, again, as I talked earlier, the three largest Medicare Advantage plans adopted pharmacy coverage this year. A lot of the Medicaid plans have gone to pharmacy coverage as well. So those plans moving there, necessitated a bit of that move and a bit of those rebates going up. So no, we don't believe we have a price falling out. We believe what we do continues to provide tremendous value to people and does a lot to improve health, save their lives, and all the things we've talked about forever. So this is still a very valuable component in somebody's health, and we'll continue to treat it as such.
Kevin Sayer: I'd also add, though, there has been a shift in government payer activity from the DME channel to the pharmacy. That actually has happened. And we have to figure out how much that has impacted, our DME mix versus pharmacy mix as well.
Kevin Sayer: Yes. This is Kevin. The Stelo guidance, the Q3 contribution is not overly large. Most of the Stelo revenue is fourth quarter weighted as we, again, plan to launch Stelo in later August. So that's how that one works. With respect to attrition, our retention and attrition by patient category remains similar to what we had in our plans. We know that our Type 1 patient with an automated insulin delivery system is certainly our stickiest and patient with the highest utilization factors as we go down the acuity curve to people on MDI or basal users or even those who are non-insulin users. Utilization goes down, but our retention numbers are still industry standard by a very large margin. And so we're still doing very well there.
Kevin Sayer: We are seeing things beginning to stabilize, but we're also seeing things slower than we'd projected in our own internal models at the start of the year. And as we developed our guidance earlier, hence as Jeremy said, the guidance coming down a bit. So we are seeing things begin to stabilize and they're stabilizing across different categories and geographies. I think the biggest thing to anticipate for us and one of the things class we missed in our plans, we sent a whole bunch of new reps into offices we've never called on before. And there's a get to know you period that we probably didn't estimate being long enough. And so we're taking steps to assist our team and better interactions with those physicians and getting to know them and getting them to trust and use Dexcom. Somebody hasn't prescribed Dexcom, they've got to prescribe one to see how it goes. And we've been going through that cycle during this quarter, and we should be able to increase the prescription patterns of those new physicians a lot more going forward. But there was a lot of getting to know you, for lack of a better word, going on here in the second quarter as this group got out there. We'll have a lot more data at the end of the third quarter. We saw better interactions in May and June, and we'll see how things go from here on out.
Kevin Sayer: I was waiting for a science question. So I'll start with extended wear. We've been committed to launching a 15-day product in 2025. And we intend to. Things are progressing well on that front. Stelo will be a 15-day product as well. We will learn a great deal from Stelo with our launch and how that goes. With respect to the sales team, again, that reorganization is much different than what we've done in the past. What we've done in the past is we would look at an area and the total sales volume in an area and the physicians there and kind of just divide it up geographically and make various sub areas. So the reps in those areas would call an endocrinologist and primary care physicians. And primarily their efforts were focused on those that were the highest prescribers in the territory. What we did this time is, we took our territories and we said, okay, we are going to have specialty reps. And one force who calls primarily on the high prescribing physicians, endocrinologists and high prescribing primary care doctors who are very familiar with the product and service them more in that type of a role. And that's one group of our sales force. Then we have more people who are prospecting, who are going down and talking to more of PCPs who don't prescribe as much product, places where we have not been before. Because what we've noted in our data is we obviously don't win in offices we don't call on. And so we needed to get into those offices and develop relationships. A lot of the time that has been spent in the first, in this first quarter and going forward in Q3 is beginning to develop and cultivate those relationships so we can get prescriptions from those healthcare professionals. They need to learn to trust us, and they need to learn to, and have some experiences with our products. So that is how that is going and that is why this is different. So we really did things differently than we've done in the past. We believe over the long term it's absolutely the right thing to do and we have confidence in this team that they'll work through this. We believe it will start to turn, near the end, starting into Q4 and be in a very good position by 2025. And that is the timeframe that we are looking at if things go fast or great, but that's how we model our business. As Jereme said earlier, we've decelerated our new patient number from what we had in our original models for Q3 as to what we have now. And we see things picking back up in Q4. As the group gets more involved. So that's where it is.
Kevin Sayer: Yes, I'll add to that. You know, you talked about a 60% penetration. I said several years ago, 80% per Type 1 insulin users. And I believe the same with Type 2 intensive insulin users. There is no reason somebody shouldn't be on a CGM. It's up to us to create the experience and the access structure whereby everybody can get to it. And those are the things we have to take on, Bill. And I agree with Jereme's comments. Our efforts this quarter focus on our execution a lot more than a market slowdown. It's up to us to be better.
Kevin Sayer: Well, thanks everybody for participating today. This is a tough call for us. I know it's a tough call for all of you who supported us. We've provided the best view that we have going forward. We obviously will work hard to do better and provide you with more color and more things going forward. We are extremely excited for our Stelo launch later this quarter. And we certainly expect to hear from you as we do that. Just want to also point out, we've talked a lot about our commercial team today. They're fabulous. They've done very well and they will rebound from this. I have every confidence they will. When you have something like this, it's on everybody in a company. It's not just on those guys. We're all going to put our heads down and focus more. So you can count on that. Thank you very much for being with us today. And we'll see you all soon.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. So to give some context to the numbers, you're right, Robbie. At the top end of guidance, about a $300 million decline. In Kevin's prepared remarks, we talked about $50 million really impacting the second quarter. Those end up playing out to be a little bit larger as you expand those over the course of the year. So to give you some context, the new patient missing Q2, which we expected to drag out into Q3 as we kind of navigate through those changes, both in the U.S. and outside the U.S. We had some new patient misses there. That's about $125 million on the year of that impact. The channel mix and really the loss of share in DME, that's a big one for us, and that's about $100 million over the course of the year. Certainly impacted Q2, but we expect it to impact the rest of the year as well, as those essentially work into full quarters. And then the rebate eligibility happened, again, quicker than we would have expected. Again, eventually you get there. It happened quicker than we expected. That's about $75 million. So we have those up. That's about the $300 million that you see. Certainly not something we're happy about, but in full transparency, we needed to make sure what we saw as we closed out the second quarter, we're transparent about what the impact is for the balance of the year.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. And then maybe below the hood a little bit in terms of how we allocate the investment dollars, Larry. We are reprioritizing and reallocating investments to where we know that it ultimately drives the most bang. So the team is working on that diligently in terms of refocusing where those dollars and those efforts go. So not given the specifics, just given the competitive nature of it, but rest assured there are changes being made underlying the business to ensure that we get back on top of our new patients.
Jereme Sylvain: No, that's it. And, Jeff, to your comment on if there's any CMS changes in terms of reimbursement down there, we certainly did not say that. I think that was maybe a competitor that said that. What we had said was we're partners, and so if there's any changes in CMS reimbursement as partners, we would look at it as partners. And that would be our expectation going forward. So that was not how we positioned it. But nevertheless, to the extent that those have caused frayed relationships, as Kevin alluded to, we would pay more attention to it irrespective.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes, it's a good question. Let me start on that. So, Margaret, the answer is we do expect to see disruption continue into the third quarter. And that's one of the reasons why you're seeing the impact. It's really a bit of a cumulative impact. Obviously, Q2 was a big impact. You know, we've sized it in terms of patients. It was a pretty sizable disruption relative to expectation. It was around 70,000 patients. So it was a pretty big number. Obviously, that rolls through to the rest of the year. But we do expect it to take a little bit of time to recover that. And so there will be there. We have lowered new patient expectations into Q3. And then into Q4, our expectation is we start to get back to where we were. But think about it as a quarter delay, effectively, as a result of some of this disruption on our longer-term plans. And so when you run those numbers, plus you run some expected numbers here in Q3 in disruption relative to expectation, that's ultimately how you get to the figures. In terms of improvement over the course of time, ultimately, you do expect to see that. And we've seen some of that over time. Now, we always expected perhaps a little bit of disruption and some recovery. I would say the disruption is bigger than we would have anticipated. And the recovery is there. But when the disruption is bigger than anticipated, even as you have some of that recovery, again, you're a quarter behind where you'd expect to be. And I expect that to play out as we come next year. So we revised that. We've included that in the guidance. High-level, Kevin, I don't know if you have anything to add.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes, I can take that. So, when you think about rebate eligibility, over time, you kind of get closer and closer to this 100% eligibility. And it takes a little bit of time. So plans, as they opt into coverage, opt in. So we saw this take place over G6, to a lesser extent G5. We weren't really in the pharmacy then. We saw it take place over the course of G6. And when we launched G7, we assumed it happened about twice as fast as G6. So the assumption is, is more and more folks get access. Therefore, more and more folks are moving through that program. Therefore, you're subject to more and more rebates. And then the offset, of course, is by having more access, you have more volumes. As you can tell by our new patient numbers, we didn't have the volumes, but also the existing patient base was also subject to rebates. And so effectively, it's timing of price as you run through this. It's temporal, meaning you can only rebate up to your entire population, and eventually it gets there. But that's why it's a timing thing. And it just happened, like Kevin was alluding to, three times as fast as G6, not two times as fast as G6. So that's the big piece there. In terms of the understanding of how the quarter was rolling up, you are correct. It did roll up later into the second quarter. You can see our results in the second quarter, while not up to expectations, did not impact the quarter as much as it impacted the full year. And obviously, that was driven by what you saw, the dynamics that played through, really, the second quarter. Kevin was alluding to DME, where there's a big change in, let's say, his share, and where we certainly missed. And that data comes in a little delayed. That was about a four- to six-week delay before we said. So as we've tallied that data, as we're moving into, really, the close of the quarter and into the weeks leading into the call, not only did it make us aware of, certainly, the impact on the quarter, but it was really important for us then to reflect that in the guidance on the year. And so a lot of that data, you're right. It obviously took place over the course of the quarter. We became aware of it, really, as we closed out the quarter. But that's why it's really important to get it in front of it for the guidance for the full year.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. And Kevin alluded to it earlier. We talked about, the question was, is how do you feel about the 2025 LRP and is it still valid? And again, we said, look, we feel it's still valid, albeit at the lower end of it, Matt. So I think that gives you some context. Obviously this year is going to be impacted by these factors. As we work out of those and we work into them next year, Kevin alluded to it, rebates shouldn't be an impact next year. So as we work out of it, as we get closer to the end of the year, we'll give 2025 guidance. But that hopefully gives you some context to our confidence as we move out of this year into next year and getting these things behind us. It shouldn't go unnoticed. Obviously, we're bullish on the business longer term, clearly not happy with the quarter and certainly not happy with the revised guide. So don't mistake it for that. But we do our bullish on the business longer term, hence the $750 million share repurchase authorization. So hopefully that helps square up how we're at least thinking about 2025.
Jereme Sylvain: No, it's an integer, and so the whole point there is yes, while the top has come down, 1%, 43 versus 40, at the end of the day, it was all that kind of general contribution. So there was nothing insinuated by that, Joanne. It was just rounded to that integer.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Maybe I can start with maybe the next year question. I don't think we've necessarily guided to a number. What we really tried to do is say, here's our LRP. It's still in play. And when I say to the lower end, it's not necessarily the low end or a point estimate within there. It's really to give some context to, as we've already made plans and are looking at next year, we have some, there's confidence in meeting that low end number. And so really, that's really what the goal here is, rather than to set a guide number. Now, your question then coming back to, which is this year's growth, which the organic growth number, obviously 11% to 13% is lower than we've historically seen. Kevin's alluded to it a little bit in the script. This year, a little bit of what I would say is execution, where I think we need to execute better on new patients and execute better in various channels. And so that's something as a team, we have to get our arms around. This year was impacted by a quicker, as we mentioned, a quicker rebate dynamic than we expected. And that's a part of it. Obviously, we lapped that next year. And you can only rebate 100% of your units. So obviously, it stops at some point. And so that piece of it will be transitory. But I think the big key then is getting back to execution and execution on new patients and executing in the DME channel and making sure we have good partnerships there and executing on our channel mix. So that's really the work we have to do. And back to that point, that's one of the reasons we had a little bit of a lapse here. And to the extent that we can get back to it, that allows us to get back to what we hope is what our traditional performance has been.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. We'd always kind of got, at least in the commercial channels, and we talked, this is really more about the commercial channels. We had always assumed it'd be about 75-25. That was kind of our crystal ball. And as we got there, it started to skew a little bit more. But it didn't drift off of that 75-25 all that much. However, this quarter, as we started to see really what I would say is loss of share, which for us in that channel is a bit unique and something we got to get our arms around. The split in our business was a little more. It doesn't necessarily mean that the overall market split ultimately ends up that way. But it does mean that the shift of our business certainly shifted that way. And so does that number shift down to 85-15? Well, if we take share, no. And that's really on us. So that gets back to the execution question. We need to execute in that channel. And that channel, it's a very important channel for us. And these are very important partners. And they serve a very, very important partnership to our customers. And so we've got to get back into that channel and make sure that we're getting our fair share there. That's really the big driver.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. So the 70,000, the way I think about it is there's a good chunk of that that is OUS. And so there's a portion that's outside the United States. There's a portion that's inside the United States. And it's usually reflective of our patient base in total. So you kind of have our split there. In the US, really, a lot of it is driven by the Salesforce. Now, one of the challenges, of course, is the Salesforce services all different indications. And so as you service all in different indications, you could probably imagine if we're not doing well in the DME, it gets back to your point. We're not doing wonderful in the basal space. That's a big piece of the DME, certainly DME Medicare and the patient base that they service. So that's the way, it's really hard to parse out by category. But when we look into it and we say, gee, we're not doing, we're not taking share in the DME space, you can presume that a lot of that is in that Medicare space. And I think it is fair to say that really across the board disruption, you can assume there's a little bit really across the board, but the biggest piece there by the best way to put it.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes, if anything, usually you have these challenges when you launch a product given inventory levels of the old and inventory levels of the new. In all fairness to our partners last year, they did a pretty good job of balancing G6 and G7 inventory levels as they went through their transition. So we didn't have a whole lot in the prior year. This year it's pretty normal and we have inventory levels that generally range in between pretty normal levels. We keep an eye on what's in the channel and they always stay within this really relatively tight band, and we keep it in that band intentionally. And so we've been in that band now and we generally stay in that band. I don't recall a time we've been outside of that band, quite frankly. And so nothing to call out specifically. The bigger issue, and I get what you're getting at, the bigger issue would have been say last year during a window when you had a launch of G7, and folks were gearing up given not sure how much demand would come in. We didn't really have that last year. And again, kudos to everybody that was holding inventory. They did a nice job.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. It's a good question. In the U.S., we don't think so. There's still quite a bit of one way and we're still seeing the growth patterns relatively steady there. If you look at the overall total market growth in the second quarter, I think what you can see is, if you add up all the various players, it's still a very robust growth. I think in our case, certainly in the DME channel, it was a share loss. And I think we just held our own in the retail channel this quarter. And so I don't necessarily know that I would say that. I think it's more about us getting in charge of really our go-to-market and making sure with our leading technology, we're getting our fair share there. As you zoom outside the U.S., as Kevin alluded to a little bit in his script, outside the U.S., it's really chunks of coverage and chunks of approval. And while we got a bit of a chunk here in France, Basel, there are some chunks we are waiting on. And so, it can slow a bit as an overall market. I think you see it when you compare, when you combine results globally, there is a bit of a slowdown outside the U.S. We don't think that it's a long-term issue because as chunks of approvals come in, you find that there's still certainly pent up demand. So really it's about coverage. And we are working on coverage in various different areas, both Type 2 intensive, certainly in Basel. And there's even some countries where we're still working on Type 1 coverage in some of the more emerging markets. So maybe outside the U.S. you see a temporal slowdown, but not in the U.S. I think the US is still a very robust market. We're still seeing Basel grow at the same rates that we expected as a total category. Still seeing the intensive insulin categories still growing well. And obviously with, non-insulin opportunities with Stelo and the OTC products, I think it's a market that can continue to grow for some time.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. So in terms of your rebate dynamic, I think we talked about it coming faster because it's come faster, certainly here in the Q2 and to a lesser extent in Q1. You'll lap it pretty darn early next year. So we're going to lap it pretty darn quick. Obviously, it's going to impact us at a more acute number. We expected it to be gradual over the course of this year into next year, which still would have been faster than G6. So to that point, it does it does help for next year's comps because we will lap it pretty darn quick. In terms of the question on OUS, one of the things we've done historically there is it's a market where we've taken share and obviously it's been growing. In this quarter, I would say we didn't take share and that's the best part of it. The other part then is in the chunks. And so there's two opportunities there. Certainly there's chunks of reimbursement, which would help accelerate it. But our expectation with the product launches we've had and the quality of product that we have is to take share. And so I think there's two opportunities. One's within our control, which is taking share. And then the other is within the industry's control, which is coverage. And we're going to execute on that, which we can control and certainly aid in helping the industry coverage as well.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. So I'll maybe go with the crossing off the list. There's always competition. And certainly, as we go into all of these categories, you're always going to have that. We've always had competition. So this is an area that's been, we've been competing for some time. So I don't think that's necessarily a new dynamic. When you expand to sales force, clearly your first call points, you've got to go through that. But this was no different than what we had in 2021 last time we expanded to sales force. We went into new locations. It's building familiarity. And yes, there's always competition, but that's not a new thing. So I think you can cross that off the list. To your question then on mix, I'd say that in the U.S., I don't think the market has moved all that much. I think it gets back to our performance within that market. And we have to perform in those areas. And so when you talk about, you know, is this a new price, year-over-year, pure price, it hasn't really changed all that much. Certainly in the DME channel, it hasn't changed all that much. And we talk about that often. But when you have less performance in your highest reimbursed channels and better performance in a lower reimbursed channel, we've always talked about DME being higher than pharmacy. And then you don't outperform on new patients. You kind of combine all those up. That's what you really saw. So the opportunity is for us to get out there and get the new patients and get the new patients in all of the channels and the channels that we've been in and get our fair share in those channels. So I think that's the best way to think about it is, we can do it. It's within our purview to go do so as opposed to necessarily shifting in the market itself.
