Steve Pacelli: Thank you, Quentin. Even with the ongoing impact of the COVID pandemic in our communities, our focus at DexCom remains largely business as usual. This means that we are focused on our patients, striving to ensure that they are cared for, and empowered by DexCom CGM in this time where glucose control is as important as ever. This also means that our teams are focused on executing on our core strategic priorities to best position DexCom to capitalize on our growth opportunity. The significant capacity expansion that our teams have worked tirelessly for since the start of 2019, has left us in a great position to aggressively target new patients via different strategic marketing pathways, including enhanced direct-to-consumer marketing and as of very recently, the ability to offer product samples to health care providers so that their patients can experience firsthand the benefits of DexCom CGM. While we are being strategic about these investments in light of the impact of COVID, our inventory position has us well positioned to take advantage of these new opportunities and provide full support to the efforts of our field sales force. In September, we announced a new five-year research collaboration with the University of Virginia, my own mater, of course. This agreement enables additional resources for our Charlottesville team as we look to innovate our artificial pancreas algorithm technology. We look forward to developing additional tools to offer our pump and smart pen partners to simplify the experience of managing diabetes for our collective customers. We'll also use the collaboration to advance our data analytics capabilities and research programs as we demonstrate the clinical value of DexCom CGM for customers for customers outside of our core intensive insulin-using population. This includes our efforts in non-intensive type 2 diabetes, prediabetes, pregnancy, and the hospital market. We are making good progress in our efforts to extend the use of DexCom CGM to the broad type 2 population. This includes continued traction in our type 2 intensive segment, where the recent VA contract adds to our significant reimbursement progress thus far in 2020. With Medicare, UnitedHealthcare, Aetna, The VA, and others now covering DexCom for the type 2 intensive population, we are confident that this will be a nice growth driver for the company and a great outcome for those with type 2 diabetes on intensive insulin therapy. But we are equally excited about the work we are conducting demonstrate the value of DexCom CGM for the non-intensive type 2 community. In addition to our work with Level2 and Intermountain Healthcare, which Kevin mentioned, we will kick off commercial pilot programs with several of our key digital health partners in the fourth quarter. Our automated insulin delivery partnership strategy continues to support our growth and position DexCom to lead the shift toward connected devices for people with diabetes on intensive insulin therapy. Tandem's Control-IQ became the first automated insulin delivery system driven by DexCom technology earlier this year and has quickly generated great momentum for both companies and, more importantly, great outcomes for users of the system. As we drop closer to the start of 2021, we are excited for the anticipated launch of Insulet's Omnipod 5 system in the first half of next year. This represents another important step for DexCom as we will have systems commercially available that are arguably best-in-class solutions for both tube and patch pump technologies. And with our integration work with Eli Lilly, Novo Nordisk, and Ypsomed progressing as well, we believe that DexCom is well-positioned to support our core markets for users of insulin pump and smart pen systems in the years ahead. With that, I will pass it back to Kevin.
Steve Pacelli: And Ravi, just to add on to that and hit on Kevin's point of the pharmacy, I think it's important for folks to recognize that in the pharmacy channel, our product is not priced all that differently from Libre with respect to what the patients coming out-of-pocket for. Greater than 70% of our patients are able to get on to our product at less than $60 per month, many of them with no out-of-pocket on a per month basis. So from a patient perspective it’s price vary competitively.
Steve Pacelli: Sure. Danielle, I'll take that. Let me hit OUS first. From an OUS perspective, our performance in the quarter was right in line with our expectations. I think if you go back and look historically at seasonal trends in that international business, Q3 is typically up around that 20% range, and we were up 21% sequentially this year in Q3 coming off of Q2. To b e a bit more clear with it, though, we certainly saw some mixed results at the country level. And in those countries where the patients required to be in the physician office to train on, to go through the administrative process through all the paperwork that's required, we certainly have seen that be a slower uptick in getting back to normal volumes in the midst of this COVID environment. Clearly, COVID has impacted the ability to be in the office. Contra to that, though, in markets where we have our e-commerce platform in place, for example, U.K., Canada, we're seeing record numbers of new patients coming on to our technology and just some tremendous growth there. So I really believe it's more a story of what the model looks like and how COVID is impacting that or not in terms of the patient's ability to get onto the product. And I think if you look across the competitive landscape, and you go back to some of the commentary that's been put out there over the course of the quarter, for those folks who are more focused in the IIT space, which happens to be where we're primarily focused today in our international business, I think you've heard them speak to some softness in the international business as well. So I think what you saw come together for us was right in line with what the market is seeing. We feel good about it. Again, it was in line with our expectations. To your point, in terms of growing overall at a slower rate than one of our competitors, I think you have to keep in mind, we're navigating through a price headwind right now as we start to step price down and move more into the pharmacy channel. And we're making terrific progress on that front, even a bit ahead of our expectations. And if you were to look at the third quarter, in particular, in the 26% revenue dollar growth that we put up, if you were to look at that on a unit volume perspective, I believe we put up market-leading unit growth in the quarter itself, growing nearly 40% from a unit perspective. That's better than anything else out in the marketplace right now. So I think when you adjust for price, which is a bit specific to us and you really look at patients and unit volume, I think we're putting up market leading performance.
Steve Pacelli: What we said on the last call is that our Type 2 business was exceeding 20% of our patient base. I don't think we're prepared to update that today. But the other – the point that I would want to make on the – even just the intensive Type 2 space is the addressable market is simply larger, right? So whether you're looking at the U.S. business or you're even looking at the European or the other foreign markets. In the U.S., we're looking at a patient opportunity of probably pushing like 2 million patients, where we used to use a number maybe like 1.5 million in the U.S., I think we’re – the data that we have suggested that market opportunity is a lot bigger. So while penetration, certainly I think that we're making great progress on the insurance front, and it's a huge market opportunity as we look to continue to expand the intensive business.
Steve Pacelli: Yes. No, it's a great question. We've spent time exploring ways to monetize the data to date. And quite frankly, at this point, to the extent we can help our partners be more competitive with the algorithms that we provide to them and/or that we provide to our patients just from a patient capture and patient retention perspective, I think we're pretty happy with that. The UVA collaboration, in particular, you guys all know we bought TypeZero, a few years back. That algorithm, in particular, is commercialized in the tandem Control-IQ product today. Really, when we look at the opportunities at UVA, it's really to expand to next-generation algorithms, whether they would be for automated insulin delivery, which we would probably do in conjunction with our folks at TypeZero. Or even beyond to be intensive insulin patients who don't use an insulin pump and even beyond that, whether it's Type 2 more broadly, health and wellness, pre-diabetes, even in the hospital. So we're looking at kind of ample opportunity over the next five years. To really work closely with UVA, who has been responsible together with our folks at TypeZero for developing these best-in-class algorithms.
Kevin Sayer: No. I appreciate that, Robbie. With respect to pricing, I think our results very clearly demonstrate how well we've managed this process as we moved a great deal of our business. Through the pharmacy channel, and I'm sure Quentin will get into that more later as we get into more questions. As you look at our margins as great as they are with volumes significantly higher than they were before and prices coming down. We've truly proven that we can scale here. So we definitely understand how that works. With respect to products and features and things of that nature, let me start with G6 before we move to G7. This is an incredible product and it has incredible features and has truly been a market leader. It has taken us a while to get up to scale manufacturing G6 and get the capacity that we need, and we have that now. And so we will push G6 very hard and very competitively until G7 gets here. G6 is what we have today. With respect to our future products, I can't speak to what our competitors have. I know what G7 is and what it does. There are many features in there. We have not shared with everybody that will delight the world. We went to the 10-day life for exactly the reasons I said on the call. And it really leads into what's going to be the differentiation. We did this because we want the patient experience to be what we committed to. We have learned in our extensive research, the most important thing for us is to deliver what we say. And as we were getting out to 15 days, particularly with our algorithm with that sensor, we saw too many of them not making it. And while it performed great at the longer time, it wasn't great enough for us. So we shortened the life for now. We're very confident with changes we can make to make it last longer. Where the difference will be over time and where we're investing significant resources is on the experience side. The concept that One CGM experience fits all is just not going to work going forward as you look at the AID systems. As you look at people that are Type 2 intensive insulin users, who have migrated to CGM later in life, they may want different information and different experience. I think as we get the physical features of the product, exactly where patients want them, and we're very comfortable with G7, what's going to be most important is delivering the experience that keeps them engaged and leads to better outcomes, and we're very confident that we can win that battle.
Kevin Sayer: Well, this is Kevin. I will take that one. We're thrilled to be able to sample at this point in time. And to be doing it in a manner that we think can be very large scale for years, patients have wanted to try a Dexcom and see what they could do. And given our status with our direct business and all the things we're doing, there were constraints around our ability to do that. We've removed those constraints as we work through the distribution channel. We believe that it's going to affect patients across the board, not only Type 1s, but I think your comment on Type 2 intensive insulin users is a very good one. They might be a bit more resistant to the technology, because they've been dealing with diabetes longer. And gee, do I really want to do that. If you have the experience of wearing a G6 and having -- being able to see what happens, this becomes very easy. And so we're really excited about it. We expect the results to be good, if not fantastic. And if you look at the payback for us, you look at the revenue we get from a patient per year. If we convert 50% of these people to full-time use, that is beyond spectacular program. We don't even have to come close to that number for this to be a spectacular result for us. But I think the recognition and the ability for a physician to say, look, I have an answer for you. Let's try this. It's really important to us, and we think it's going to be a big initiative for us this year.
Kevin Sayer: I'll take that one. Let me address the Rick issue first. This has nothing to do with Rick deciding to retire. If anything, this -- all our sales efforts right now are Rick's plans, and he does get to see them through to the end of the year, while he'll be working with us through year-end. So, these events are completely unrelated. We are planning several things on the sales and marketing front over the next year. We won't reveal all of them. But what we do believe is we do need more coverage in the field, particularly as we look at the HCP community and those who are not endocrinologists as you get into primary care physicians who are seeing more and more of these patients. We need some access there, and we need some more feet out speaking to them. We're very cognizant of the return on our sales force has for us. And I would disagree with you, our sales team is great and they do provide a lot of benefit to our company. They are a great voice. And really our face of the company in many of these geographies. So, that I disagree with. We are fully on board with what we're going forward with and look forward to measuring the results of it.
Kevin Sayer: So let me start with pricing. Again, we currently sell a 10-day sensor, and pricing is very much based upon the cost per month, whether you buy two sensors or three sensors as we've done these contracts, CGM is a monthly cost. It really doesn't get down to the unit. Excuse me, particularly, if you look at the way our contracts are negotiated with respect to transmitter and receiver prices and you get into rebates on various component. So the cost per individual sensor really doesn't matter. It's what we can make and what we get reimbursed for in a given month. With respect to getting out from 10 to 15 days, for us, this is a problem that we can solve. In order to meet iCGM standards the way our algorithm works, as we turn the sensors off when the data, we believe, isn't necessarily good enough for iCGM standards. Many of our patients would argue that the data is just fine when we shut them off, but that's how we look at this and how we run it. We saw that we're basically shutting out more sensors than we wanted to right now, and we needed to perform better. As I said earlier, we can get 70% of them to 15 days with that trouble, but 70% in our mind is not good enough for our patients. We'd rather have a better reliability number and go 10 days. It is a cost issue more than anything else on over time when we get to 15 -- the COGs will obviously be less. But as you look at our G6 performance with our 10-day sensor now and the cost profile that our ops team, Quentin and the team have created. We've -- we're very happy with that, and we're very comfortable going forward with G7 with 10, we'd like to make it 15, and we'll work on that as soon as we're done with the 10 filing. We expect everything we do to have an iCGM designation, by the way. So there won't be any backing off on that.
Kevin Sayer: We're not going to give all those time line details out for competitive reasons more than anything else, our policy in the past has been more to announce approvals rather than to give a bunch of details on the studies. I did say that we've started our studies with respect to generating data for approvals. By saying multiple geographies, that obviously means there will be international launches. To the extent we launch in other places has yet to be determined. Right now, we're focused on a number of efforts, getting ready for that. And the complexity of G7 for us is actually, it's kind of a blast. It's very exciting to go through a change as big as we're doing. But literally, every single process in building this is different than what we've done before. And so we are getting factories and capacity up and running, the lines will be fully automated. We want to be completely ready to manufacture tens of millions of these things at launch rather than just a few. And in fairness to our commercial team and everybody in the field, we spent all of '19 living on about 3 days of finished goods, and we're not doing that again. That won't be – I have very – every comp and that will not be the delay launch, it will be getting all the approvals in. But we'll launch it in the appropriate timeframes and give color as the situation evolves.
Kevin Sayer: The government contract is really important to us, particularly on the VA side, there's a much higher instance of diabetes with that group of patients than the regular general population. Being able to get access to G6 through a pharmacy benefit at zero co-pay, we think is a wonderful benefit for that group. I think it's just part of the general blocking and tackling that we do to continue to grow. So I can't quantify it. These are the types of wins that you've seen DexCom generate over the past several years, and we are looking forward to serving this patient base much easier than we have before. I'll let Quentin talk about the international piece.
Kevin Sayer: Well, with respect to DTC, we have rolled that out, and we're going very strong here in the fourth quarter. Our return on our DTC investments has been very, very good to date. In fact, compared to other ones we've seen in other companies, our returns are extremely high still. So that program has not capped as far as effectiveness. So, we'll continue to investigate and you will see more from us going forward this quarter and the first of next year. We have a lot of fun things planned for you on the DTC front. With respect to more channels and referring physicians again, as Quentin said earlier, we had tremendous new patient numbers this quarter. So, we're still getting referrals, obviously in the endocrinology community and the communities where we serve. Traditionally, we just feel the need to go deeper and end to visit with more healthcare professionals and help them better treat their patients as well. One of the things we learned from -- we learned from COVID with respect to our clarity system as physicians had to do mobile appointments or tele appointments, if they can pull clarity data up on the screen, those employments become very effective. And there's a large group of physicians who don't have access to clarity or haven't been using it. We need to get out and get our message out there. So, that's our plan. It will go deeper and to help our people focus more on those territories where they work.
Kevin Sayer: Yes, Jayson, just to be Q3 2020 was a record number of nutrition ads for us. So, it was the highest quarterly new patient add of any quarter in our history.
Kevin Sayer: Yes, this is Kevin. I will take that. We have Medicaid coverage in approximately 40 of the 50 states as we sit here today. And I would be in full disclosure. It's spotty in some states, it's very easy in some saves, they make it very hard as they're very budget conscious, and they're worried about spending dollars. We believe – and we have various pricing arrangements throughout all the states. There's a wide range of pricing there. I don't -- if we had coverage in all 50 states and everything were equal in almost every device business, Medicaid pricing ends up being lower than everything else. And we're prepared to do that. We believe these patients is sort of access to our technology as well. But really the challenge for us has been getting it across the finish line in a manner to whereby patients can get the technology. And it's just too hard right now. We are trying hard to be better. And we've had some major wins on that front. But there's a couple of states where we just keep knocking on the door and keep -- I mean, there are some states where we get across the finish line, and then they've attached Medicaid coverage to some other thing and in the state legislature and we get thrown out. It's been a very frustrating thing for me and particularly because so many of those patients are children and really deserve access to DexCom CGM, deserve access the share and fall and all the things that we have to offer. So we continue to fight that battle. I hope we have it in every state, and we'll make sure that we can compete competitively on the pricing side. We're not going to give the Medicaid business up. We want patients to have access to us.
Kevin Sayer: Well, you'll hear more about our software product pipeline as we launch those products over time. And let's be clear on the hardware differentiate side, while we've said that gap is going to close, it still hasn't. And we still lead in connectivity and connectivity and multiple devices and interoperability and data sharing and all of those things. That infrastructure has taken us a long time to build, and it costs a lot to support. I think over the next several years, software will be a key thing, delivering the experience to the patient that will keep them engaged and provide a great outcome. I was at dinner with a long time diabetes patient the other night, and we started talking about experiences, and a guy looked at me goes, so wait a minute, you don't think one size fits all and said, no, I don't. I think at some point in time, you'll see -- I know you'll see from DexCom, different software offerings. So stay tuned on, on that one. I think the other thing that everybody needs to understand also about this market, as we look out over the next several years, is just the challenge of scale. And we've lived through this. As we continue to invest in factories, we've got G6 pretty much built out now. That took us a couple of years, and now we're investing heavily in G7. You're looking at somewhere between $0.5 billion and $1 billion in capital investment on our part to do this to get to where it needs to be to get these products at the cost basis they need to be, but also automated and at scale, so we can deliver the volumes that we need. And that will be a differentiator as well. If companies aren't investing in that scale, that's going to be difficult. So as I look out over time, connectivity and the higher experience that we provide, we still believe we'll be best-in-class over everybody else. But the software experience we can create based on the mentality that we have and as close as we are to our patients really is going to be a differentiator. As far as premium pricing over time, we will continue to work towards that end. We've done very well in the pricing -- in our pricing schemes now that as Quentin alluded to earlier, with our shift to the pharmacy, and many of our patients to Medicare, that's becoming – our pricing models have moved in the way that we thought they would. I do think there are things, we have CGMs to do, that are worth more than other things. And as I looked at this in the future, I do see an experience. This is just me personally, that it's worth a higher price than some other experience and conversely as some other experiences that may not be worth as much as what we charge today. So stay tuned on that. We – as I mentioned somebody the other day, we've kind of created this industry from 2012 to now, and it's going to be fun to evolving over the next several years as well.
Kevin Sayer: Thank you. I, again, want to thank everybody for participating on our earnings call today. I really can't emphasize enough how strongly our teams performed during these incredibly unstable times. $0.5 billion in quarterly worldwide sales at the time when our field teams have had very limited access to clinicians, and it had to be very creative to figure out how to get the message out to patients. We've raised our guidance now for three straight quarters. We have gross margins approaching 70% during a period of managed price reduction, combined with unit volumes being more than double what they were two years ago and significantly higher than last year at this time. We have operating and net income levels higher than we've ever had before, during a period when our customer satisfaction scores are also at all-time highs, far in excess of those of our competitors. We are doing our best on our commitment to our patients. Innovation continues to thrive here. I personally learn more about sensor technology in 2020 than any of the other years I’ve been here. All of this is pushing towards tremendous innovation going forward. And as we see the use of CGM and other applications and some of the things, some of our data partners or our payer partners are going to be able to do with this data going forward, never been more bullish about innovation and what's coming in the future. And barriers to our new markets are coming down. As we've navigated our way through the hospital experience and learn there, our Type 2 efforts with the program Steve talked about earlier, we're making progress in multiple markets for the future, so we'll be able to address those. You can’t do all these things without a remarkable team. I want to express my gratitude to everybody on the DexCom family at this time, but I'll remind everybody of one thing, we are still at the very beginning of this journey, and it's only going to get faster or from here. Thank you, everybody.
Quentin Blackford: Yes, Joanne, this is Quentin. As we spoke about price this year, just coming off of last quarter, for example, we were talking about $150 million in the business, so I think we were north of the $100 million you had referred to. That was something that was probably a year old, to be honest with you, as we were starting to navigate through it last year. So, it was a bit higher than that. As we've made terrific progress on the pharmacy side, we've actually seen price be a little bit more of a headwind than what that $150 million would have represented. I think it's going to be closer to $175 million for the year. We saw stronger price headwinds come through in Q3 that were embedded in that 26%. And obviously, if you do the unit volume at nearly 40%, you can kind of understand what the impact was in the quarter. But the majority of that is being realized as a result of us opening up that pharmacy channel, which we believe in the long-term, is the much better channel to be putting patients onto the product through for various reasons. It increases access, makes it easier for folks to get onto the product. And importantly, from a profitability perspective, over time, will be a much more profitable business model for us. And I think just looking at the quarter itself, seeing gross margin reach record levels of 68%, while the quarter represents the greatest amount of mix in that pharmacy channel just demonstrates our ability to really get after the cost profile of our product and compete in that segment quite aggressively. In terms of how long it takes to ultimately get to the price point or the mix of the pharmacy channel, we're not going to speak to that today. I think you're going to hear more from us as we get to our Analyst Day around just how far we are into that pharmacy channel and where we see that going, but we're making terrific progress. They're very happy with what we're seeing.
Quentin Blackford: Yeah. Thanks, David. Let me talk through a little bit of the assumptions that we've made as we head into Q4. I think we continue to operate in an environment where there's not a great deal of clarity with respect to how COVID is ultimately going to impact the business. And we want to be prudent and thoughtful around how we set those expectations. First and foremost, as we move more and more business into the pharmacy model as well as the Medicare business continues to grow at a strong rate, the seasonal impact in the business is going to shift. You're not going to see nearly as much revenue show up in the fourth quarter as the patients no longer really incentivized to take advantage of a scenario where they might have already met their deductible and they're going to load up on product as they exit the year. So the seasonal trends in the business are going to look a little bit different as the mix in the business shifts. With respect to COVID in particular, our best estimate at this point in time is that we're going to see about a 10% impact to new patient starts in the fourth quarter. If we navigate that more successfully, then terrific, there's going to be some upside to the number, but that's our best estimate at this point in time. And then, I think that the other thing to consider is the fact that we put in place the patient assistance program that really hasn't had an impact on the overall results just yet. We saw it start to take place in Q3, but it didn't impact us in a material way, but if you think about it, that was put in place to help those patients who ended up being unemployed or just couldn't afford the product in general. And most of that started to happen back in the second quarter, as COVID really started to take place. And if you think through that scenario, we've got patients who would go on to COBRA for a period of two or three months, they typically would make their last purchase of a quarter's worth of supply, so another three months of product. And that puts them right into the fourth quarter when they're going to be making their next purchase, which is when they would now be coming on to the Patient Assistance Program. So our belief is that's going to be a bit more impactful in the fourth quarter than what we've seen in other quarters. I think when you take those sorts of things into consideration and when you try to quantify those, if you were to exclude them, you'd see a growth rate right back in line with what you've seen year-to-date.
Quentin Blackford: We've contemplated the G7 launch ever since we started negotiating contracts for G6. We don't view this as a big changeover for us. If anything, our team will be more than ready to do this in the field when time happens. And as it gets closer as we go through the next bidding cycle, inevitably, our team will well flow G7, there will be some payers who will go to dual pricing even though G7 is not approved, others will want to wait until the product is approved, the policies vary across the board. But we've contemplated the G7 launch and all the G6 work that we've done. So we have a model going forward that will be easy to repeat.
Quentin Blackford: Yeah, Raj, great question. We couldn't be more excited about where we've been able to take the cost profile of our G6 product. And keep in mind, we're doing that at a time where we've created record inventory levels for the company, which just opened up more and more growth potential and growth avenues for the organization that we can start to pursue. So we're excited about that. We're currently at our lowest cost point to date on G6. And I think there's quite a bit of runway still in front of us with respect to take cost out of that product, particularly as we keep pushing significant volumes through the plant. As you look at the cost profile, I believe we can get to a profile that is less than $1 a day cost for the product, regardless of whether that's G6 or G7. Keep in mind, G7 from the very beginning of time was designed with cost in mind and the ability to get to a lower cost profile than G6. And so while we're making tremendous progress on G6, the ability to replicate that and do even better with G7 is something that we fully believe in our ability to do. Now that being said, G7 will be more expensive in the early stages as we're ramping capacity. But at scale, it will be a lower cost profile for us than G6. So I think there's still quite a bit of good runway in front of us. The teams are focused on driving cost out of the product. We're redesigning manufacturing process where we can take manual efforts and move them to automated efforts. We're moving into lower cost jurisdictions. We've renegotiated cost points with many of our vendors as they've taken advantage of larger volumes as well we've redesigned the logistics and distribution model that we utilize as well, taking cost out. So I don't think we're anywhere close to having realized the full benefit of all of that just yet, but you're starting to see it play through. To the degree that we continue to navigate through price headwinds will somewhat impact how high that gross margin can go. But at the very least, it lets us combat those sorts of things. So we're excited about where we're at on the cost side.
Quentin Blackford: Yes. With respect to international, early signs are starting to point to the fact that new patient numbers are starting to step back up, clearly, not back at the levels they used to be at, but we are seeing those start to trend back up the way we would expect them to, over time. So we're seeing some good progress there. And clearly, that's in those markets that have the administrative burdens placed upon that are bit heavier in those markets where you're utilizing something like the e-commerce platform, we've seen terrific results there.
Quentin Blackford: Yes, Larry. We're not going to talk about 2021 on the call today. Clearly, we believe there's tremendous opportunity for growth in front of us, given just the fact that there's so much awareness to continue to be had around our product. I think we've been clear from a profitability side. We're going to be disciplined in this organization, and we're going to make the right investments where we need to, to open up new growth channels into the future. And all of that will be contemplated in the guidance that we ultimately end up providing for 2021, but we're not going to do that today.
