Terry Gregg: Yes. We added four new territories. So along with four new territory sales managers, we also added four clinical education specialists and we created a four region. So we now have four regional sales directors. 
Terry Gregg: We really don't. We've talked obviously to the folks at Animas and the folks at Insulet and their read on the same situation Tom and they in turn have also had some more conversations with their counterparts at Medtronic and Medtronic Roche/Disetronic. And no one really has any opinion at this point. I think it's too early. Their communications are reading the same documentation that we're all reading without any definitive answers coming from the agency at least at this point in time.
Terry Gregg: Yeah, it's just happening a lot faster. I think the driving force is the fact that the JDRF trial as a landmark trial stands on its own, irrefutable in terms of the outcomes of that which even the pump world, we never had the benefit of historically. So I think that's again with a focus and the accumulation of more empirical data demonstrated in the benefits in this arena will continue to move forward. But it's going to ease up and that's why in my prepared comments I had estimated somewhere in the 12 month to 18 month period where we'll all see a change in those requirements. It's a burden on us but we're getting a lot more efficient as to how to handle that without having an increase on the interoffice structure to accommodate that. So again, it's a dual pronged approach. Steve's right in that we're now the dedicated source in the field. But we also from a streamline standpoint in the back office are able to process more with fewer.
Terry Gregg: Actually Ben, there's a pretty simple path. I cant give you the specifics of the upgrade path because they're still being worked out but I can tell you that Insulet has the capability of just upgrading the firmware within the handhelds that wouldn't require the patient to obtain a new handheld. It would simply be -- you recall we did something similar when we upgraded from the SEVEN to the SEVEN PLUS. We had the patients remotely upgrade their firmware and then they were of course required to purchase a new transmitter which would be the case upgrading to the Gen4.
Terry Gregg: Well we're still going through the technical review of that as late as last night with their folks being here. Obviously, if we can pull that in earlier, we will since it is a brand new transmitter versus the existing transmitter with the Gen3 system. Some of those still challenge us. So I would not want to predict other than in the comments that I made by the end of the year.
Terry Gregg: Well, the first generation product, because it's a first in class device, we had to go through certain clinical attributes for it and that study is it's, the last patient is completed and they're now going through the analysis of the data to submit and although it is commercialized in Europe and they have a limited launch there but their collection a tremendous amount of information. The second generation, which is more ease of use with the device, would be a supplemental submission to the first submission. So I think the expectation is sometime mid to late next year for that full commercialization. But I would defer to [Carl and Solomon] and the folks at Edwards as to what their launch plans are.
Terry Gregg: No, I think that the first time, now lets go back to January, February of 2009, and the adoption curve was such that, there was a patient population who were not price sensitive. And so they didn't care what the amount was. The wanted the product. And think about iPad. I am sure you are probably one of the first people to have iPad. I know I was because I'm a technology gadget guy. So that's kind of the category. Now as it gets more mature and that adoption gets to a greater percentage, there is price sensitivity in terms of the co pay. So in the case of these patients, they were qualified in terms of their prior authorization from the third party payer that they're subscribing to. But given what their co pay was at that stage in January and February, they wanted to wait. Now they've got other things contributing to meeting that co pay that are in many ways consider them essential at this point. And so as they contribute more to that, then their portion of the co pay as it relates to the acquisition of a starter kit goes down. So once we hit around the second part of February and into March, we saw that begin to diminish and obviously in the March timeframe they came in my terms kind of rolling back into the fold and we certainly have not seen any lessening of that as we move into the second quarter.
Terry Gregg: Yeah, and I had if you remember in my comments kind of at the close of Q4 comments and wrapping up the full year. We expected it. It was not something, we knew it was going to happen at some point as the technology matured and the adoption moved closer to my guess is as a category, probably approaching 5% or 6% penetration in the type one market in the U.S. with CGM but these are things that we're going to expect. We certainly historically and the pump world always saw them and if you look at even at some Q1 quarters for pump companies, they'll actually be less than the Q4 quarter because of these related flexible spending accounts and meeting the deductibles. So we did expect to see a little softening and we did but we've certainly, as we mentioned pipeline is very robust right now.
Terry Gregg: Well we're not going to give you any more clarity on that because I don't you guys coming today. We've guided that its 180 supplement, give or take a few months and hope to launch. Kind of best case, we'll be launching in the fourth quarter. If it takes a little longer at the agency, it's probably a first quarter launch.
Terry Gregg: It's not necessarily -- I would look at is a global rather than an OUS launch Gen2. I think the Gen1, the reason it was easier obviously to get into through CMR process into Europe. So, that's why it got lines plus they wanted to really learn a lot about utility within the ICU, and they are certainly gaining that experience in the number of occasions in Europe.  The goal for the Gen2 is a global launch both in the U.S. as well as Europe. 
Terry Gregg: Yes. To the best of our estimates and the defined hour is Edward's regulatory personnel and our of course are regulatory personnel in discussions with the agency. We believe that this latest clinical trial will meet all of the regulatory requirements that the U.S. FDA is expecting to see from the outcome of this trial. That was a significantly large trial, and again that data has not been analyzed, so even I don't know the outcome of the data at this point, but as soon as it goes in, I'm sure Edwards will share the outcome of that. 
Terry Gregg: It's really up to Edwards as to how much they are willing to release the information I know that A, they had one of their protocol B investigators speaking to certain aspects of this experience of that IDC, but I don't have time table or schedule one they expect to release clinical data at major meeting. 
Terry Gregg: Well, as well call on entrepreneurology, it's very apparent to us that many of these practices still believe that CGM is closely associated with pump therapy. We really needed to debunk that myth and so from that standpoint we have acquired certain mailing list of patients with diabetes that we know are multiple daily injection not pump patients. So, we've targeted them.  We've also -- we know what our ratio right now our installed based still runs around 60%, pumpers, 40% MDI and so we target those patients as well in terms of reinforcement and to some of the entrepreneurology-based practices and to the health education, ADA practices that the target is to identify patients who maybe appropriate for CGM and are not aware that the outcomes associated with CGM and MDI are equal to the outcomes associated with pump and CGM.    So, it's the traditional type of media, their some front media that's involved. There's electronic media that's involved in terms of that target audience. 
Terry Gregg: Well, we believe it is unconstrained. I think the challenge in Europe is the lack of reimbursement. So, it's still going to be a slow growth market regardless of how the insulin is delivered, but clearly of the largest proportion of patients on insulin therapy there utilize either disposable or durable pans and that's an active market for us.  We don't want to get ahead of ourselves from the distribution standpoint, but we certainly engage in discussions with multiple global players both from the device and pharma side as to what they are thinking in terms of that global reach to a much greater degree than DexCom could forseeably reach with even the kind of infrastructure that we have in place now, and that's mainly using local distributors in each country and as they are away for in a global capacity.  We're engaged in those discussions, but early in the discussions is to how to reach that audience. 
Terry Gregg: Yes. Right now, our last survey Jon indicated that we were about 60% pumpers and 40% MDI patient. And that's actually that held steady for approximately the last 18 month. 
Terry Gregg: I would think there is couple different ways to look at these. There is a body of patient who don't want to be tethered for any reason whatsoever. And now you've got a series of durable pans, you've got disposable pans with mixed insulin that they can pretty much get whatever they need in terms of the insulin that they want fairly efficiently and moving to pump therapy as a lifestyle decision, and I think that's probably the biggest group that we are addressing at this point, and it may in face be part of the pathway for a lifestyle decision that once they go along with assuming they are on pans and they are using CGM, they get more comfortable with technology from that standpoint, and then make a decision to move from there to pump and CGM, but I would say that the number of patients that are abandoning pump therapy to go to just CGM and injection therapy, isn't a large number, isn't a large portion of that 40% of our MDI patients. 
Terry Gregg: I would say that a larger portion of the Medtronic pumpers on DexCom CGM were initially on Medtronic CGM and that product failed to meet their expectations. So their physicians or educators have recommended DexCom to replace the Medtronic portion of the CGM and that's part of it and in some cases, many prescribers of Medtronic pumps actually only prescribe DexCom CGM with Medtronic pumps and the only time we would ever technically lose that battle so to speak is when the patient doesn't want to carry the extra receiver.
Terry Gregg: I don't really know about ADA. We've looked at what is being presented and I don't think there is any landmark. There will be some additional analysis that go on with the JDRF trial from a CGM standpoint that our STAR III trial is reportedly going to be presented, which is in more favor of [Thomson CGM] although that trial unfortunately only compared to MDI, and that's NBG did not compare to MDI and CGM versus verbs pump and CGM. So it's a very flawed trial from that standpoint. You just have to be careful about reading the outcomes of that and understanding it. But outside of that, I'm not aware. There will probably be some additional data on type two patients in CGM. I don't know what doctor Dr. [Gregorski] is going to present. He is the one that had a presentation or poster session of 100 patient's type II insulin using CGM and SMBG. That was in November and I'm not sure if that study is going to be presented at ADA, if it's done enough or completed enough. But there may be some update on that analyst day. But that's about to extend what we're aware of.
Terry Gregg: Well they're limited regardless of what they have in their flexible spending account. Right now the overwhelming majority of patients plus 90% are covered by a third party payer system. So less than 10% are actually cash paying patients. So in that scenario, regardless of what they had left in their flexible spending account, if the payer limits them to three months of sensors, that won't change seasonality wise. I don't see that. What we are seeing, an increasing trend is more frequent utilization, less going off the sensors for any period of time. So we're getting more, I guess we would classify it as uptick in utilization or on time use of sensors on a forward looking basis.
Terry Gregg: I would say slightly up on the starter kit. So yes, we were trending 700 to 750. I would put now in the 750 or a little north of 750 for the starter kit. Since those are holding pretty steady, maybe slightly north of $60 on average per sensor.
Terry Gregg: I'm not going to comment on your 15% number Bill but I will tell you that anecdotally we're seeing much greater stickiness. I would say we've seen a trend in better stickiness kind of post SEVEN PLUS launch which if you remember the convergence was we launched the SEVEN PLUS into a time where we finally had ubiquitous insurance coverage. So I can't tell you exactly where its product performance from the SEVEN PLUS. I think it's a combination of factors and product performance from the SEVEN PLUS the fact that patients aren't having to come out of pocket for it. As Terry mentioned, over 90% of our patients now are receiving some form of reimbursement for the products. So that has certainly helped.
Terry Gregg: I would like to conclude with a couple of comments. Again thanking everyone for joining us today. Operationally we're really hitting on all cylinders as we move into the second quarter. The role and benefits of CGM in the ambulatory and hospital settings continue to grow and DexCom is leading the technology curve in both of these categories.  Our fourth generation sensor system is the next step in terms of accuracy, patient convenience and ease of use and as I mentioned, the PMA submission will occur this quarter. Our partnerships are progressing with us having filed the PMA supplement for the DexCom Insulin Combination System and Animas to follow later this year.  Edwards and DexCom are targeting mid summer for the submission to FDA of the GlucoCare clear product and Edwards is receiving rave reviews on the product in the Europe sector albeit a small limited market introduction. Our Gen5 sensor technology along with our SMART technology platform continues to make excellent progress. I think I will close with just simply, we're really good at what we do and I couldn't be happier with where we're at in this space. Thank you.
