Terry Gregg: Thanks, Steve. Joining me today are Kevin Sayer, our president and chief operating officer; Jess Roper, our chief financial officer; and you just heard from Steve Pacelli, our executive vice president of strategy and corporate development. Our agenda for today’s call is fairly typical. I will provide a brief update on our G4 PLATINUM launch activities, Kevin will review our detailed fourth quarter 2012 financial results and provide our customary operations update, and then I will offer some concluding thoughts. As we discussed during our third quarter 2012 earnings call, on October 5, 2012 we received approval from the Food and Drug Administration to begin commercially marketing our fourth-generation CGM system, the DexCom G4 PLATINUM continuous glucose monitoring system. The U.S. launch of G4 PLATINUM has generated a higher level of excitement among patients, partners, and physicians than any of our previous commercial launches. We began taking orders for G4 PLATINUM immediately upon approval, and we completed our initial G4 PLATINUM shipments to patients before the end of October 2012. While our initial focus was on processing orders for new patients, we also successfully upgraded a fair number of existing SEVEN Plus users to the G4 PLATINUM in Q4.  Also during Q4, approximately 60-65% of PLATINUM starter kits shipped went to new patients, while the balance went to existing SEVEN Plus patients, including patients who took advantage of our $399 in warranty upgrade promotion; patients who purchased the SEVEN Plus in September 2012, who were entitled to a free upgrade; and SEVEN Plus patients who were out of warranty and were processed through normal reimbursement channels. To add some color to the new patients, I note that we had a 50% increase in kits shipped to new patients in Q4 2012, versus Q4 2011. And we sold more kits to new patients in the U.S. alone in Q4 2012 than the total number of kits we sold in Q4 2011. The commercial introduction of G4 PLATINUM continues to exceed our expectations. Our pipeline of new patient opportunities remains robust. Call volumes into customer service remain strong, and in spite of typical first quarter seasonality, first quarter sales through late February have been solid.  More than ever, we believe G4 PLATINUM sets a new standard for sensor performance. It is the most accurate and reliable continuous glucose sensor ever commercialized, and we believe this system will accelerate category adoption of CGM. Now, before I’ll turn the call over to Kevin Sayer, I’m pleased to share that we have yet again delivered on a significant operational milestone at DexCom. Just this week, we received approval of an expanded indication for our CE mark to include pediatric patients and expect to update our product labeling and begin marketing to pediatric patients in Europe before the end of Q1. Additionally, as promised, we have filed a PMA supplement with the Food and Drug Administration seeking a pediatric indication for the G4 PLATINUM here in the U.S.. I would like to acknowledge the hard work of the people at DexCom, particularly our outstanding clinical and regulatory teams who have taken us one step closer to enabling DexCom to care for all people with diabetes. And with that, I would like to turn the call over to Kevin Sayer. 
Terry Gregg: Thanks, Kevin. I’d like to start by highlighting our Q4 financial performance. Product revenue clearly exceeded our expectations in the quarter, but I am equally pleased by our operating performance. As you know, our board set a stretch goal for us to reach cash operating breakeven during Q4 of 2012.  And we got within $2.2 million of that goal, in spite of a number of unanticipated expenses during 2012, such as costs related to our SweetSpot acquisition, costs related to advancing our mobile platform, and costs associated with an earlier than expected G4 PLATINUM product launch, none of which were contemplated in our original budget. Needless to say, I am excited by the long term profitability profile we believe we can achieve here at DexCom. N Now, in terms of our messaging for 2013, this is a year we put CGM first. We have long said that to effectively treat diabetes, you must know where you are going before you can figure out how to get there.  We believe CGM is the first tool that should be used in any treatment approach. For newly diagnosed patients, how does a doctor decide appropriate insulin dosage without understanding the patient’s glucose profile. For all insulin taking patients, the method of insulin delivery is not nearly as important as knowing when to dose and how much insulin to take.  And for all people with diabetes, clinical data supports the potential benefit of CGM for titration of insulin, oral medications, lifestyle changes such as changes to diet or exercise routine. We believe CGM will become the first line of therapy for all insulin taking patients and one day for all diabetes patients. Turning to our pipeline, we are obviously very excited about the prospect of bringing G4 PLATINUM to the pediatric community. Today, pediatric patients represent only about 10-15% of our installed base, and with an estimated 300,000 to 400,000 people with Type I diabetes in the U.S. alone who are under the age of 18, we think this is an extremely important growth opportunity for the company. In fact, as we studied the pediatric opportunity, and the unique challenges faced by parents managing a child with Type 1 diabetes, a new product concept was born: the DexCom Share system.  So the DexCom Share system will be a docking station for the G4 PLATINUM receiver, enabling the wireless transmission of glucose information such as the patient’s string graph and alert notifications from the G4 PLATINUM to designated recipients, allowing the recipient to view the patient’s data on a smartphone.  For example, a parent can receive glucose information during the nighttime, while the child sleeps in another room, during the school day, while the parent is at work, or even for nonpediatric applications, such as for a spouse while at work or when traveling. So when I’m asked what is DexCom’s share, my response is straightforward. Share is not waking up at 3am to take a finger stick from your child, the freedom to finally allow your child to sleep over at his or her friend’s house, not worrying when your spouse is away on a business trip. The idea is simple: connecting DexCom users to the people who care about them. We expect to file the DexCom Share system with the FDA in the third quarter of this year. Now I’d like to conclude with some market commentary regarding the G4 PLATINUM. While the general feedback from patients and healthcare providers has been nothing short of remarkable, we have seen three recurring points of praise. First is accuracy. The sensor is 20% more accurate, from 400 to 400 mg of detection, 30% more accurate in the 70 mg and below area of hypoglycemia protection.  Second is range of connectivity. The SEVEN Plus had somewhere between 5 and 8 feet of connectivity and while the G4 PLATINUM is labeled for 20 feet, we’re hearing it’s closer to 50 feet, especially in line of sight. So if you think about a patient’s mobility at home, the patient might be able to leave it on a nightstand, go down to the kitchen, come back up, and not lose any data packets.  Third is its size. You know, it’s about one-third the size of the old receiver, so the patient can slip it into a pocket or put it into a purse.  As I look back on my diabetes career, nearly 20 years ago I began my quest to develop a continuous glucose monitoring system to meet the needs and expectations of all people with diabetes. And now four generations later, I truly believe we have delivered a product in the G4 PLATINUM with broad appeal and broad applications that will continue to accelerate the growth of CGM as a category and DexCom as the market leading participant. We will replace finger sticks, not if, just when. Thank you, and we’ll open it up for questions. 
Terry Gregg: You know, I’ve never given direct installed base. You guys all kind of make up your models and quite frankly you’re pretty good at that, so I don’t think we’ll help you out in that. That’s what you get paid for, I think. I will say this. The most interesting dynamic as you’re preparing new models is the fact that we’re seeing greater utilization of sensors in the G4 than we did with the SEVEN Plus. And so what does that mean? Are they using it more frequently? Possibly. Certainly I think there is a trust level with the accuracy of the technology, which is encouraging patients not to take as many holidays possibly.  But we don’t have all the metrics yet to analyze it as completely as we would like. But that is one interesting thing that we’re seeing post the launch, and certainly moving into this first quarter. 
Terry Gregg: I would only add to that, you know there’s about somewhere between 800 and 1,000 pediatric endocrinologists that today we don’t call on, and so part of this structure change and expansion was to give our sales reps the bandwidth to go call on that endocrinology group. The good news is that they tend to be centered in areas geographically that we can address it with the smaller territory, without having to really expand more sales reps than moving from the 48 to the 68 territories. 
Terry Gregg: There will be some changes with the development grant revenue. So if you look at Edwards, we have effectively completed that development arrangement, and recognized revenue through December. We won’t have any going forward. Other than that, in Q1 we have development grant revenue of about $1 million. Going forward, we expect development grant revenue of about $100,000 a quarter through 2014 as we stand here today. 
Terry Gregg: The only other thing I would comment on is this peer-to-peer, which we’re beginning to see early stages of that communication, which is then driving some sales outside of our normal call patterns. Which we hope is kind of the vision of the future, and what we’ve long predicted as a trajectory increase attribute of having more patient demand than physician prescribing. So we’ll see if that continues to play out in a robust way.
Terry Gregg: Look, we address two different markets. They’re really addressing the pump market, and that is something that as you know just based on their latest quarter announcement was declining as pump sale.  They really never had a standalone product that was a competitive product, and I think even looking at the clinical results of Enlite versus G4, I would say most of the academic and clinical community have been disappointed in the performance of the Enlite. We’ve seen data even in head-to-head competition by independent researchers that looks like its approaching the same kind of accuracy as the SEVEN Plus has achieved.  But in terms of comparing that and contrast that to the current data we’re getting from G4, in that contrast, we’re 70% more accurate overall between 40 and 400 mg of detection. We’re really getting down below, close to that 10 AMRD range. So I think that, from the user standpoint, accuracy really counts, and they’re really trying to sell that as part of an integrated system. I think our pump partners will have to address that both Animus and Tandem.  And I would say this, they’ve had the system approved in Europe for some time now, and yet on Kevin’s comments, based on what J&J presented in their first quarter call was that in places where they’ve launched the Vibe, they’re growing it anywhere from 35% to 50%. Their informal comments to us are that they’re not very impressed with the [unintelligible] system. They don’t find it as a competitive threat, and they’re not having any problem replacing Medtronic pumps in that space. So is that going to translate the same in the U.S.? It remains to be seen. 
Terry Gregg: It doesn’t change our guidance at all. Again, I want to differentiate who we are versus the pump world. The pump world is a $2 billion market. Glucose monitoring is somewhere between $10 billion and $12 billion. We are in the glucose monitoring markets. Our program this year for 2013 is CGM first.  And what that means is because if you look at the U.S. pump market, maybe 28% penetrated. That means there’s 60%-plus that’s still using injections. We need to move the dynamic that when a patient walks in, regardless of their insulin delivery mechanism, that the physician says, I need to know more about your glucose first.  Because that’s really the goal. If you look at the pharmaceutical companies, and all of the billions of dollars that they’re spending on drugs, it’s all about trying to figure out how to reduce glycemic variability. My god, we do that every day. And so I think we’ve got to get that point across to the prescribing population to say how important it truly is about glucose. And that’s really where we’re focused. So I don’t view the pending approval - that’s if they can get approval - sometime later this year as being competitive to us whatsoever. 
Terry Gregg: We’re getting good traction with the standalone, quite happily so. Because that’s a tough reimbursement market, and so for the first time, as part of that contribution, we’re routinely seeing patients willing to pay out of pocket, which is something that is very unusual in a socialized medicine situation where they get all of their supplies for diabetes either from the clinic or certainly reimbursed by the government. But the value proposition is such that many of these patients are electing to pay out of pocket in order to maintain the product on an ongoing basis. 
Terry Gregg: That number’s really been 60% pumpers, 40% MDI patients. Obviously as the pumpers come on, we would expect some of that shift to happen, but I’m cautious. Because we’ve been pretty steady state on that ratio for some time, and as Kevin mentioned in one of his comments, with regard to once the Vibe is launched, if you look at the dynamics of that 60%, some 40% plus are already on Animus. About 30% are on Medtronic, the rest on Insulet. We’ve got some on Roche, and even some on [Deltec] pumps.  So we’ve already got a pretty significant share of the Animus population. But going forward, having them promoting the product, yeah, we would like to said earlier an uptick there as well. But I don’t think the ratios are going to change all that much. 
Terry Gregg: Well, I think in the U.S. the pump market is probably somewhere around 400,000 total. My guess is - again, I don’t want to speak for Animus. I’ve always said, gee, it looks to me like they’ve got about 18-20% share of that market. The challenge with the market is it’s not growing. It’s actually, if anything, having a bit of a decline. So if you’re not growing, it’s hard to predict where the share is shifting.  We certainly know that if you listen to Animus, if you listen to Insulet, they seem to be adding pumpers, so that means organic growth isn’t growing. That means they’ve got to be cannibalizing from Medtronic. If you listen to Tandem, their first three or four months they told us that about 50% of their patients that they put to the t:slim were Medtronic patients, 25% were brand new patients new to pump therapy, the remaining 25% came from cannibalization of Animus and Insulet, Roche and Smith. So I think that’s kind of the landscape that we think about going forward. 
Terry Gregg: From a reimbursement standpoint, the [unintelligible] codes are established, so there is a mechanism if we got approval tomorrow, as an example, and even this wasn’t worked out, it’s really from a patient convenience standpoint, not from a reimbursement standpoint.
Terry Gregg: So I’d like to wrap it up. Needless to say, I’m very proud of our accomplishments. There are very few companies with as successful a track record as DexCom. So I look back over my career here, in 2007 we had revenue of less than $5 million. In 2012, that revenue had grown to $93 million. Here we are forecasting revenue of $120 million to $130 million this year. And we believe that we can sustain that 35% plus kind of growth over the next several years. We are the technology leader in the CGM space, and we continue, actually, to extend our lead over the competition. Patients are walking into their physicians’ offices today and asking for the G4 PLATINUM. We are moving the category from a nice to have to a must have. The DexCom team and I are extremely excited about 2013, and certainly beyond as well. Thank you.
Kevin Sayer: You know, Ben, as we look at our structure, we just felt we needed more coverage. And we had the field clinical sales team, and as we look at how easy our product is to use, the fact that as I said earlier most of our patients train with our support materials or online, we felt we could best deploy our resources in the field with feet on the street. So in essence, as I said, we’ll have 68 territories.  We’re also adding to the in-house team. We gave them a goal as to how much more they could spend, and as I’ve said, we won’t spend more than 20% total on SG&A, but that will flow through the P&L a little bit in the first quarter, more in the second, and then you’ll have the full throttle certainly for the entire third and fourth quarter. The variable expenses will go up, obviously, as they did this quarter, when we have a very successful quarter and sell a lot of product.
Kevin Sayer: We just launched a new product 20 days after it got approved, so when we get peds approval, we’ll roll it out pretty fast. When it comes to how it will affect our numbers, we gave a range of $120-130 million in revenue, and literally that range is kind of variable based upon peds approval. If we got no peds approval, that $120 million number would be our target, or $125 million or something lower, and then peds takes us up into the higher end of that range. But new patients will jump onboard pretty quickly with the peds approval. That will not be something we wait for.  With Animus Vibe, we think patients will sign up pretty quickly. We know Animus will have very aggressive upgrade programs, see if their patients upgrade, just on the Animus Vibe system. Some of those patients already use DexCom sensors. So we really haven’t modeled a lot of that out, and we don’t have any of it in our 2013 numbers. So we’ll give you more guidance on that as the year goes on. 
Kevin Sayer: Well, we’ve long maintained we can hit between 65% and 75% margins on these G4 disposables. That scale up should really start to occur about the end of this year. The factors that will affect that will be continuing to do our SEVEN Plus manufacturing line, that [connect store]. So we still have to weigh those two things against each other.  You know, I talked a bit about start up yields in my comments earlier for the fourth quarter. I can tell you the first quarter our team is doing a spectacular job of getting yields much better than what we’ve targeted, so kudos to those guys.  So we think this process is much more robust than anything we’ve had for SEVEN Plus, so that is something that will be a positive factor as well. We believe as we start hitting the end of this year we’ll be getting close to on our disposable margin targets. We certainly should be at the lower end of the 65-75% range anyway. 
Kevin Sayer: I’m more comfortable today than I’ve ever been. Absolutely. I think Terry and Steve are, and everybody else is too. We’re doing a very good job. 
Kevin Sayer: You know what? Or focus for next year will not be on the 10-day. Our filings for this year will be the things we talked about. Our focus in 2013 will be on those items we reported, the gen-5 sensor, getting these partnership products filed and out the door, a little work on our gen-6 sensor, in addition to the gen-5. 10-day is something that we kind of view off the main path. We’ll work on our algorithms and our software, and decide when we’re going to drop that in, and we have not made a decision on that front yet. 
Kevin Sayer: I would say that would be my new name. Yeah. That is a very fair assessment, and we’re very focused on that. 
Kevin Sayer: Well, statutorily, it’s a 180-day filing, and we’ve got to stand by that, not having a crystal ball. Obviously we’re taking bets, as we did with G4, as to when that will get approval, and of course Terry is always the most optimistic one, which means I’ll probably lose another dinner bet, but that’s okay. But no, I think we should look at that 180 day, not knowing anything else.  The only kind of factor that you might want to think about is the fact that they’ve already seen the adult data, so we’re really just comparing the pediatric data to the adult data and submitting that. I know that they are anxious, and we’re anxious, to receive the file, because their belief, their being FDA, is that every child should be on a CGM device as part of the diabetes therapy model. 
Kevin Sayer: As I said, we have filed the PMA application this quarter. It’s already in, so the clock has started. So I would say it’s sometime in the second half of the year. 
Kevin Sayer: It assumes no Vibe approval this year. There’s no Animus numbers baked into that. And the pediatric impact is really something, again, that would push us to the upper end of the range, or even outside the upper end of the range. Our numbers are built pretty solidly from the ground up.
Kevin Sayer: You know, we’ve stated in the past that our split is typically 25-30% on the durable and the rest on the disposable side. We did 32% this quarter, as we launched a new product, but in all reality, if we didn’t have the $399 upgrade program, and also the $1.2 million that we recognized from the September patients, the ratios would have been within that range of 25-30%. So we think things will remain relatively consistent on that front, 25-30% durables, and the rest of it for the consumable products.
Kevin Sayer: No, Terry, you covered a number of the points. One of the things going into this quarter, let’s just go back to Q4 revenues for a minute, because there are some things that won’t reappear. We had the $1.2 million we carried over from Q3 that you can’t extrapolate what Q1’s going to be like from that. We also had some pent up demand. But I really can’t quantify in Q3 of patients who did not buy who waited to buy in Q4. But that makes things a little bit different. And we had the $399 upgrade program. So we have a group of patients who are non-repeatable.  That being said, as we’ve come out of most years, I can tell you we have sold to most every patient we could ever find, most quarters. And we came out of Q4 this year, that was not the case. We still had a very robust pipeline going into the year. And we’re still getting a lot of phone calls. We are getting very favorable reaction, not only from our patient customers, our distribution partners, our dealers are ordering regularly, and basically can’t keep the thing on the shelf. So while all the issues exist with deductibles and copays and all these other things, it just appears that patients are a little more excited about this new product, and might be able to deal with those issues and make an investment in their care earlier than they have in the past. So you combine all the positives, with all the things that are floating, and we’re very excited about the quarter, but there’s a bit of uncertainty still. 
Kevin Sayer: You know, I think our utilization would move us up a bit into the range. Probably doesn’t get us to the very end, but I think it’s very helpful. I think the other thing, if we can add a point to the retention rate, a point off the attrition rate, that’s certainly very helpful. We know the gen-4 does that. So far, from what we’ve seen, people really like this thing and appear to be using it very regularly.  Earlier pediatric approval helps more than anything else we can do right now, and we can’t predict that. And certainly we don’t have any Vibe numbers in what we’ve got. But those are really the levers we could pull.  We’re going to have more coverage with more sales reps and more territories, so we’ll be calling on people we haven’t called in in the past, or going more deeply into practices where we’ve had to be relatively shallow before. So we might be able to go deeper and again, get more from there, but bottom line is we’ve got a 40% target on our backs that we put on our backs already. We’re going to have to execute pretty well just to do that. 
Kevin Sayer: The $399 program, the in-warranty upgrade, is done. We ended that on January 31. Upgrades of patients out of warranty will occur all year long. And so there will be some. And it’s always been part of our core business, and will continue to be part of it.  There are a lot of patients who, you know, they’re sitting there in the fourth quarter looking at their insurance dollars, and say, okay, I can pay $399 now, or I can wait until the first quarter, and my copay’s going to be $275, I’m going to wait until the first quarter and go the $275. We gave the patients the option, if they wanted to speed it up, and they wanted to get on the gen-4 system, we gave them the opportunity.  A lot of them chose not to take it. They’ll upgrade throughout the course of the year, and take advantage of their copays and their deductibles and the other things. So we will have upgrades all year. But our goal is very clear. We want everybody on gen-4 before the end of this year. 
Kevin Sayer: Sure. We sold a lot of stuff in December. When you have a quarter that big, as big as our $32 million quarter, compared to $20 million last year, $21 million in Q3, we upped the sales number $9 million, and as is with particularly every quarter I’ve been at a diabetes company, December is the biggest month of the year.  So when you just look at straight timing, our receivables grew just based on the business activity, and there was no other reason. Most of those receivables are directly with payers, and we’re billing and collecting that. First quarter should be a very good collection quarter.  And Bill, we’d expect that to go down as we get into the first quarter. And then manage it the same way throughout the other quarters of the year. So there’s nothing unusual there, it’s just a lot of late in the year volume that you just can’t get paid on before the year’s over. 
Bill Plovanic - Canaccord: And then on the R&D, I think the one thing I didn’t hear you talk about was the 10-day. And I was wondering if we could get some color on that. 
Bill Plovanic - Canaccord: And then on the accounts receivable, you did address it in your opening comments, but a little more clarity. It was a pretty big jump sequentially in year over year, and I’m just curious if you could explain that a little. 
Bill Plovanic - Canaccord: And as we think of the Animus opportunity, how many pumpers do you think they have, or how big is the pump market in your opinion? And what percent share do you think they have? Same question asked a different way. 
Bill Plovanic - Canaccord: And then as you think of the pediatric label, you submitted for that. If you have approval on that, do you have to wait for that to submit to Animus? Or would that approval for a ped automatically roll onto the Animus? I’m just trying to figure this out from a timing standpoint. Are they going to have to basically hold up and wait until you get that ped so they can have the ped label? Because I would assume that’s important for them in the U.S.. 
Steve Pacelli: This has been a moving target, but now we have some clarity out of the FDA. Frankly, it was extremely positive. So you’ll recall probably a year or so ago, we had this concept we were going to try to file a supplement on top of the PMA. We were guided during the G4 PLATINUM review that we should wait until G4 PLATINUM was approved before we filed the Animus Vibe. What the FDA determined is that it would be a full PMA.  But what they also determined is that Animus can file the Vibe system, and actually rather than include all of the detailed information regarding G4 PLATINUM, they can actually just reference our PMA submission. So it’s really just a PMA filing that will be conducted by Animus referencing the G4 PLATINUM.  Why that’s a benefit to both of us, as you’ll recall, as the Vibe moved the Animus pump platform from the 510(k) product to a PMA product, which means Animus becomes subject to, as we are, on a daily basis, all the change control procedures and requirements and basically they become a PMA company and have to file every change they make with respect to the manufacturing operation and things like that.  By allowing Animus to file a PMA separate and distinct from ours, and be able to reference ours, that enables them to control the regulatory process on their front with respect to ongoing manufacturing operations, with respect to the pump. So we don’t have to be in the middle of that. So this is all kind of new information within the last three to six months, but it’s actually very positive from an operations perspective. 
Steve Pacelli: It is. I wouldn’t read too much into the Roche announcement. Roche is a very strong partner for us internationally. Roche has some direct distribution rights in some countries, and they frankly work with our distributors and our distribution network in other countries. They’ve been a very strong partner, and will continue to be.  We’ve said before, the SEVEN Plus professional use system that Roche has carried in the bag has been less than successful. We’ve been saying that for several quarters now. And I think that program is still ongoing, but look, as we look to wind down the SEVEN Plus, naturally that program would look to wind down sometime this year.  And one of the other items on our R&D radar screen would be moving the G4 PLATINUM to a professional use model, but it currently today is not labeled for multiple patient use, so that’s something that we’re looking at obtaining a new labeled indication for. Not sure whether Roche would be the partner there or not, but we would evaluate that at the time we got an approval. 
Steve Pacelli: No, statutorily, it’s 180 days. Look at our performance on the G4 PLATINUM, 177 days. If you look at the Vibe combination, the Vibe system is effectively the G4 PLATINUM with a base 20-20 pump, with some modifications. So you could argue that it’s basically two approved products, just talking to each other. So I don’t think there’s anything that gives us reason to believe that it’s going to be an extended review cycle, even though it’s classified as a full PMA. 
Steve Pacelli: Again, they reference our PMA, but they would need to file a subsequent filing with each sensor iteration that we achieve. That is right. So they’ll always be a generation, for some period of time, behind us, while their filing is pending. 
Steve Pacelli: We did receive additional funding from Edwards in Q4, just like we have in the prior quarters, outside of the development agreement. We expect that, as we’ve stated before, to really go away in Q1. If we do have any, we don’t expect it at this point to be overly significant. And I think you might have heard our comment before, but in Q1, as we sit here today, we expect about $1 million, $1.1 million, in development grant revenue, and then going forward through 2014, expect about $100,000 a quarter. 
Steve Pacelli: You’re right. Remember, with the Animus Vibe, their clinical trial requirement, if you will, is more what we call a human factors trial. Basically button pushing. Animus will have to do a supplemental human factors trial with pediatric patients, and then file that. And they will have to wait until we receive our approval, so they can reference our approved product. So yeah, there will be a gap. That doesn’t mean it holds up the initial Vibe. They will go forward with the initial Vibe filing as soon as possible, now. They won’t wait until we get a peds indication. They’ll have to supplement their PMA submission with a peds submission at some point down the road. 
Steve Pacelli: It’s a to be determined. There’s a contract in place, but we’re exploring different ways that we might make it more seamless for the patient. So what I would tell you is table that question until probably the next conference call and we’ll have some more clarity there. 
