Kevin Ronald Sayer: Thank you very much and welcome, everybody, to the third quarter 2015 DexCom earnings call. We'll start off by turning the time over to Steve Pacelli with our Safe Harbor statement.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Thank you, Steve. Joining me today are Jess Roper, our Chief Financial Officer; and Steve Pacelli, our Executive Vice President of Strategy and Corporate Development. Before I turn the call over to Steve to review our financial results, I would like to provide you with some additional color regarding our pre-release a few weeks ago, as I'm confident that many of you were taken a bit by surprise when we announced our Q3 sales numbers and provided some commentary on our payer relationships. On the morning of October 14, a report was issued indicating that we were having trouble processing UnitedHealthcare and Anthem patients under the provisions of our new pharmacy contracts. The investment community reacted to this immediately and we were flooded with calls. As we have said on numerous occasions, payer relationships are challenging. Our efforts to streamline payer operations are never-ending, and we remain fully committed to moving our business primarily to the pharmacy channel over the next few years to increase access to CGM and develop more scalable business processes for the long term. In this instance, because of the confusion created by this report, we felt it was appropriate to alleviate market concerns, pre-release of our Q3 revenues, and provide some additional color regarding our payer relationships. Rest assured, we will not make this a regular policy, more from me later. I'll turn the call back over to Steve.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Ben, this is Kevin. I'll grab that one real quick. One of the big growth factors obviously has been our non-cash expenses, particularly the stock compensation because the stock has performed so well. Those numbers were much bigger than we had anticipated and certainly much bigger than we had had a year ago. As far as the increases in our quarter-to-quarter spending, again, there are moving pieces, and we continue to make investments. A perfect example is the investments we made in the DTC campaign this quarter, where we spent in excess of $2 million just getting geared up for the start. And there are other things that we've spent on the R&D side, the data opportunity, and things like that. I would tell you as you look forward next year, the best answer I can give you is we're going to be a little more transparent on expenses and a little more firm as we give our guidance at the start of the year. We aren't going to quit investing. And as I said in my remarks earlier, we've certainly increased our cash-based net income at a more rapid rate than we've grown, but we've also turned around and spent what we can to position us for future periods, and that's where we sit today.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Well, pipeline and demand have been exceptional. Our opportunities coming into our system every day are much higher than we've ever experienced before, so demand has been great. The patient experience – and you're right, Ben. Bluetooth can be a little bit tricky. That's one of the things that we've learned here. But as we've gone through and analyzed the data, the best part of this is we get all the data points every day. So as we've gone through and looked at the data, other than when it appears to us in data analytics that people have walked away from their phones, our data capture rate is pretty much equivalent to what we had with the old receiver. But we've learned a few other things that have gone on. For example, that 30-foot range that we experienced with the G4 receiver, a lot of the patients don't experience that with Bluetooth and with the phone. And remember, that phone has radios that's geared to do a number of tasks. You've got Wi-Fi, regular Bluetooth, Bluetooth LE, and a number of things. So depending on how certain individuals use their phone, there can be things that behave a little bit differently. So we've had to really gear up our tech services people for calls that are different than what they've had to deal with before. And it's been good; we've learned a lot. You can't learn these things until you get out there, so we're really glad that we launched it. And we have software upgrades coming in the future that we think can address any concerns we have. The experience with the patients as far as just looking at the phone and the interaction has been fabulous. This is the first-ever Class III medical device without a printed user guide. The user guide is on the phone. If somebody has a question, they can touch the screen. They can get the user guide. They can watch videos on their phone as to how to insert the product and to how to deal with it. It has been a great experience from an actual interface perspective and very well accepted, particularly by our young patients. We've had parents call us up who had bought G4 for their kids before, and their kids wouldn't wear it because they wouldn't carry the receiver, who will now take this and look at it on the phone all the time. So the experience has been by and large good. We have learned a lot, and it really starts us with a whole new future.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: You know what, Robbie, this is Kevin. We don't really have an incremental number to give you for Q4. We will give you very firm guidance on that the first of the year. We're just getting to know everybody, to be honest with you. And so while our projects are taking place and our project teams are getting together, there's still a lot of – we did sign this in the third quarter that we just reported on. It hasn't been that many months. We're really starting to get going now.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: You know what? I pretty much said what we're going to say. We've hit our internal goal of covered lives and we have seen an increase in the number patients that have gone over, but we're not going to give a whole lot more color than that today. Our goal is over really a three-year period to move 70% of our business as pharmacy benefit as the primarily reimbursement source, and we're getting there. That's about it.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: The new receiver launch is strictly a function of coming up with something that is more modern than what we have, touch screen, a better experience for patients. It will be lower cost. The revenues aren't going to change we don't view drastically with respect to the receiver. But there are some patients, as we've learned, that would rather look at the data on their receiver than on their phone, so this will provide a much better experience for those guys and for that patient group, but it's not going to change much of anything.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: We meet on this every day, and so I could give you very detailed specifics. We're catching up on the manufacturing side. This was to a large extent a component issue in getting our components in place at our contract manufacturer, who has done a yeoman's job building with what we have. The material is coming in. We're building at full capacity right now. We are pretty comfortable with our capacity and what we have. The only way we'd have a problem by the end of the quarter, barring something unforeseen today, would be if it was just a true mega-quarter beyond anything we could comprehend in our room here, so we feel pretty good about it. But we've got very good visibility into the capacity of our contract manufacturer. We have very strong visibility into the component schedules as they come in to get this done. This isn't a big yield problem. This isn't anything other than we launched the thing earlier than we had planned, and we took a month that we were supposed to be building up inventory and we shipped all the stuff. And so we put ourselves a little bit ahead of schedule. But we'll catch up. We're very comfortable with it.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: I can just give you the simple example. We have seen contract pricing between payers and our independent third-party distributors to the tune of – I don't know – $90 a sensor when we've set our ASP at $70 to $75. When you look at a contract like that and we look at that and go to a payer and say look, from a cost perspective we can get you this as a pharmacy benefit at a price much lower than $90, and I'm just using $90 as my test case here, it's pretty easy to show how that's better for the payer. On our side, we're selling the stuff to third-party distributor at a discount. When all is said and done, net to DexCom in some cases can be better. In some cases it will be lower. We know that. But we believe at the end we're trying to keep this as even as we possibly can, and we evaluate all the pricing opportunities very carefully.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Our goal is to remain even on the price perspective as we push out the distribution channel to the pharmacy benefit, and that's how we look at the contracts. If we can remain status quo, we're fine. Where the price benefit may change in future years and in future models is with an extended-wear sensor like we're planning for G6 when we go to 10 days, but that has yet to be determined.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Brooks, that's a great question. As we're in the middle of our planning cycle for 2016, that's our great debate here internally. Steve identified a couple chunky areas as far as investing in additional manufacturing capacity, our Google relationship, which we're going to spend money on, also data analytics. What we're going to do as we start next year is really break out those areas that are going to be above and beyond the spend in the core business. There is a lot of leverage in the model. There's no question that our business model works, even as I said through my comments, when you look at the 155% increase in cash-based net income over nine months. Our only goal here is not leverage. We want to get big and we want to serve more patients. And so we're going to have to make some investments. And as you look at the people who are coming to our markets, A), they're really big. And B), they don't have to report this level of granularity as far as their spend into what they're doing and their activities. So we'll give you more guidance. It could be a combination of both. And I think in the core business, there definitely is going to be more leverage, and that is going to be – you'll continue to see that be more and more profitable. There's no question there. But as we continue to do some of these other things, as we outlined, we're going to have to spend some money that's outside and above the norm, and that's okay because that's preparing us for the future.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: On the commercial side, they're going through their plans right now. I can tell you that our more recent investments have been made on the channel side with respect to the distribution channel, with respect to payers, with respect actually to programs to go out to pharmacies to prepare pharmacists to market and to sell this product. So we know there's going to be an investment there for next year. I haven't looked at next year's proposed territories yet. I can tell you we're getting tremendous bang for the buck out of our team. They're doing a fabulous job. You look at this revenue growth, and even though we added quite a few reps at the beginning of the year, these guys couldn't possibly be achieving these types of numbers without us getting a lot of bang for our buck. We are investing in a lot of new tools with respect to IT infrastructure and with respect to things we can do to make that process go faster with our online store. We know we could make the improvements there and we have, and things of that nature. The R&D spend for us is almost completely independent of the commercial spend. We're spending most – and there are really a couple spends on the R&D side. There are actually three or four. There are really, really nearer-term products that are going to come as we talk about the applicator and the new receiver, for example. And by the way, the applicator also has a new transmitter that is smaller and lower cost. So you see there's a new hardware configuration, and that's a very short-term 2016 event. Then you get into more nearer-term things like the new sensor and things of that nature combined with a bunch of clinical trials to run those projects. And then we've got longer-term sensor R&D investments whereby we get into really small, no-calibration, and then the money we have to spend on Google. So we will spend money in a very controlled, structured spend to drive the commercial business. Steve mentioned investing in our international business. You'll hear more about that at the first of the year as well. So we're studying it all pretty thoughtfully, but it's across the board to keep us growing.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: This is Kevin. No, I think it continues to remain very strong. Everywhere I go I hear people get on this and stay. And fortunately as we migrate to G5, as these patients have their data go to the cloud, there will come a day when I ultimately have my big brother dream and I can have a TV in my office that shows me how many patients are on the system each and every day and get a much better idea of that. And from our cloud-based systems, we're going to be able to determine how often they change, what patterns really are. Anecdotally, we hear all sorts of things out there. We heard one patient say the data wasn't very good, and when we asked her how long she had worn the sensor, she was on week six. For a seven-day label product, week six is pretty good. And so we're going to learn a lot more and have a lot more understanding of those patterns. But, no, utilization is good.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: No, the useful life will remain the same. And they really haven't had time to respond to a three-month life because we've only been shipping for a month and a half, so we haven't heard anything on that front yet. There's advantages and disadvantages to a three-month transmitter life. Obviously, the disadvantage is you do have to buy more of them. And as Steve mentioned earlier, hardware margins should come down a bit because of that. But the advantage is, when we get something new, that upgrade cycle is going to be really short because no matter when you bought your last transmitter, within 90 days you can move to the new one. So the upgrade programs, we have gone to great effort to offer our patients and will continue to do so if necessary. But the fact is we're not going to have to do that much of that because everybody's going to be ready to go in 90 days, so there are pluses and minuses to both.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: You know what, Danielle, we continue to plan for that sustainable 40% number. And having lived through these several quarters of 50%-plus growth, it's been great. But just by the law of increasing numbers, as you can see then in Q3, this year compared to Q3 last year with the blowout quarter, it's down from what used to be 60% into the 50s%. And so as our numbers increase, just because of percentages some of those percents have to come down. But there is still a whole bunch of market to go penetrate and go get in our Type 1 market. We still don't have the penetration that we need. There's a large international market for us to go capture. And we think as we've scheduled the pipeline and you've seen this growth, as Steve said, largely executed by great new technology and a commercial team that's executing on all cylinders combined with approvals and all those other things, those things are still in place for us. We've grown 40% on a number this year of – just last year, growing 40% on last year's number is certainly much tougher than growing 40% on the number from the year before. And so the law of big numbers eventually gets to you a little bit. But we're very optimistic about our business future, and we're not slowing down at all. But we'll give you a lot more color early in 2016 when we provide our 2016 guidance.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: And what we have to do, and we talk with the Google people about this on a regular basis, we've got to develop the clinical evidence that basically says you're better off as a Type 2 patient wearing four to eight sensors a year than you are sticking your finger twice a day. We believe that's very doable and very true. The other thing I'd add to Steve's comment, I support pretty much everything that he spoke there. I was with a physician up in LA who is a long-time old school endocrinologist, and I asked him. I said how many – what percent of Type 1 patients would have this? And he said all of them. And I said why don't they? And he said – and he threw the cost number out. So I challenged him. I said what's the number? What do we have to charge per day for CGM to get this on every single patient, to which he didn't have an answer because he was a bit taken aback by my response. So we talked through that and we talked through the cost per day. So all these things are going to line up over time, and I think we're positioned to do that. If we make this easy enough for patients, I think the better answer is why wouldn't somebody use it versus why are they.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: I'm just being a little conservative for all intents and purposes. We are getting close to defining exactly what we have to do here, and yes, I'm just being cautious, that's all.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: With the new insertion system, there will be a new transmitter that has a much lower profile and a new receiver. So we'll have transmitter, receiver. It will be a big hardware year for us next year. Hardware and new apps and things of that nature will be our big product launches next year. Like I said, we'll give you more color on that first of the year when we provide our 2016 guidance.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Thank you very much. In conclusion, I want to thank all of you for your continued interest and support of DexCom. As we've stated throughout our comments all year and on this call, we're very proud of our accomplishments. We see an amazing future, and we will not rest until we achieve these goals. This quarter we added an amazing partner in Google that's going to help us ultimately develop the products and analytical tools to achieve the outcomes that years ago we would have only dreamed of. We're executing the plans we've described all year. Our revenues are growing robustly. We continue to add record numbers of new patients. Our cash-based operating results are improving at a much faster pace, but we are fully committed to making the investments necessary to get this company to more than $1 billion in revenues in a very short period of time much, much faster than I ever would have thought when I came here four years ago. As I said earlier also, I had an opportunity to spend quite a bit more time in the field over the past few weeks and visit with our great team and several healthcare professionals in their areas. I'm going to leave you with two other thoughts. First, when it comes to CGM, we're clearly the market leader here. One physician said to me, when it comes to CGM, I don't even think of anybody else. Another one said the effectiveness of an advance in diabetes technology is measured by one simple thing, reorders. Do the patients come back, and do they use it? Yours is the CGM that my patients continue to use. Second, I was visiting another office where the physician had very little experience with our system and very few patients using it. So we challenged him to wear a G5 and see what our patients experience. He doesn't have diabetes, but he's pretty excited, and really demanded that I want to wear it right now. Fortunately, we had a demonstration system, our rep did. And after a week our rep went back and informed me that he absolutely loves the visualization. He thinks the phone interface is fantastic. He's amazed at the information he's learned about his diet, his activity, and everything, and he really has no intention of giving the demo system back unless we do something to get it. Our long-term vision of CGM across the board is very real. It's going to take time, it's going to take money, it's going to take patience and innovation from all of us, but we're going to get there. Thanks again.
Steven Robert Pacelli: So, Robbie, on the first part, what we've really seen frankly since the pediatric launch of G4 Platinum and then particularly this year with G4 Platinum with Share, when we launched the mobile Share platform with G4, what we really saw was a shift from – a push from the endocrinologist down to the patient till we really started to see this thing go, what I would characterize as more viral where patients, parents of patients, friends of patients have become by far our biggest advocates. And so I would tell you in the quarter, the impact there was probably our biggest driver because, as you mentioned, we really barely started shipping Gen 5 in the quarter. I think the Nick Jonas campaign, it's hard to measure but I think that had some impact as well. And then I guess the product is performing. And I think what we're seeking is just CGM is becoming much more rapidly more – I hate to call it the standard of care yet. We're not quite that penetrated into Type 1s yet. But it's quickly becoming the standard of care. And so I think when we look at getting big as quickly as we can, we talked about some of the spend we're going to do. Kevin mentioned some of the spend in Q3, which is literally spend just gearing up for the more aggressive DTC campaigns that we're anticipating here in Q4. As for pediatric utilization of the new algorithm with Gen 5, I'm not sure we can see any impact there.
Steven Robert Pacelli: The other – it hasn't been a material impact yet. But we did as of the beginning of the quarter start shipping much more of our business through the pharmacy channel, with United and Anthem going live at the beginning of Q3. That's starting to have an impact as well.
Steven Robert Pacelli: Yes, so in case it wasn't clear in the prepared remarks, let me tell you the message that we were trying to convey was this; that we've always continued to invest and continued to spend on the core technology development. What we're talking about in 2016 that could be, Google could be chunky, for example. We are looking strategically to make some additional investments in our foreign operations. Our manufacturing capacity, we've got extraordinary manufacturing capacity that you guys are all aware of here in San Diego, but guess what? We look out two to three years from now, and the way demand is growing, we could be butting up into some of that capacity. And so Class III regulated manufacturing facilities don't come online overnight. So guess what? You have to start investing in them now in anticipation of turning those things live in two years, three years. So those are the kinds of things that will be chunky. And as Kevin mentioned, look, we're going to do our best to give you some much better – we haven't historically given really detailed OpEx guidance, and I think we're going to try to do that in a much more granular level for next year, for 2016.
Steven Robert Pacelli: And I guess the only other comment I'd make, Brooks, is looking out five years, 10 years. We expect pricing to come down. We expect to maintain gross margins in a similar scenario. But one of the key driving factors behind the Google deal was to develop products that are much, much lower cost for us to enable pricing to come down to make the technology more accessible to people. I don't see that happening in the next two to three years, but...
Steven Robert Pacelli: I'm not going to give you a specific ASP, but we've talked about this previously, which is the fact that the transmitter now carries a three-month warranty. And unlike the G4 transmitters, which carried a six-month warranty but were really lasting nine months, 10 months, 11 months, something like that, this transmitter because of the increased power requirements of Bluetooth, it really isn't going to last much longer than three months. So patients are going to have to go from somewhere two or maybe less than two transmitters per year to really close to four transmitters per year. But we're not anticipating that the payers are going to pay us – the old ASP was probably around $400, $450 for a transmitter. We're not expecting that we're going to receive that four times a year. So the pricing is going to come down. Now that will be somewhat offset as we really ramp up the G5 launch by increased volumes, so the margins will end up being better over time because of the increased volume. So that's about as specific as I think we're going to get. But you should expect just on that transmitter component that margins will come down a little bit.
Steven Robert Pacelli: We're both chuckling because insurance systems are never really up to date, and we're always experiencing challenges. But no, the fact that we're sending two means that the patient is probably not going to have to come back for another six-plus months. And with G4 Platinum, the transition there was relatively seamless, moving from – remember, with SEVEN PLUS, it was a 12-month transmitter that lasted somewhere between 12 to 18 months. G4 Platinum, we were definitely selling more transmitters, and we were not having challenges at the insurance level.
Steven Robert Pacelli: No, we're sticking with our guidance, what we said. We updated our guidance last quarter to a top end of $375 million, which was north of our original stated guidance of 35% to 40%. And so we're not going to give any additional color as to where we think Q4 – we didn't say that we expect a sequential decline, we didn't say that we expect sequential flat. We said we are comfortable that we're going to exceed the top end of our $375 million, and we're going to leave it at that.
Steven Robert Pacelli: Interesting. In Type 1, I would tell you in Type 1 in the U.S., if we're successful with the product iterations that we have, and I would tell you not even relying on a Google product, just some of the things that we have in the more nearer-term pipeline, there's no reason that as we replace finger sticks, and whether we ultimately if the FDA ever allows us to ultimately eliminate calibrations completely or whatever the safety check might look like down the road, there's no reason that every Type 1 in the U.S. who has some form of insurance, and I include Medicare and Medicaid in that over the next several years, there's no reason that everybody wouldn't use a CGM. Why would you prick your finger six, seven, eight times a day if you're a Type 1? If you have to monitor, wear a sensor. The Type 2 market is still very much evolving. You have to really – you have to segment the Type 2 market. There patients that we're frankly starting to include in our target markets today, which I would call intensive insulin using patients, so these are Type 2s who look and feel a lot like a Type 1 because they've progressed in their disease to a point where they're taking mealtime injections of insulin. And so I think the penetration there could be quite extensive. If we look to the broader Type 2 market or the pre-diabetes market, the obesity market, it's still somewhat to be determined. I think we can have meaningful impact there. I don't necessarily think that these are going to be patients wearing sensors in real time all the time like our Type 1s or intensively managed Type 2s. But there's no reason that as the standard of care truly becomes monitoring, these people aren't going to be wearing multiple sensors a year. The numbers just become staggering, having millions and millions of people wearing four sensors a year or six sensors a year.
