Kevin Ronald Sayer: Thank you for joining us today. Before we jump into the quarter and our outlook, I would like to address the additional press release we issued after the close. Terry Gregg, our Executive Chairman, is retiring and our Board has appointed me to assume the role of Chairman. I am honored to expand the scope of my responsibilities to DexCom. I believe we are making this transition from a position of strength, as you can see in the results we just released. For the many analysts, investors, clinicians, patients and colleagues who know Terry, it goes without saying that he has had an immeasurable impact on both DexCom and the diabetes industry. Terry joined DexCom's Board of Directors in 2005, served as our CEO from June 2007 through January 2015, and has been our Executive Chairman since then. This transition is the final step in a vision we shared when I became President of the company in 2011. Terry and I have worked together in this industry for a long time, and this incredible chapter at DexCom is one that I would cherish forever. The company and I wish Terry and his family an enjoyable and well-deserved retirement. If Terry were here participating with us, he would undoubtedly say, enough already, get on with the quarterly report and what a quarter it was. I'm proud to say that we posted another record revenue performance with sales up 42% over the same period last year. Not only did we exceed our annual growth guidance for the second consecutive quarter but the business continues to accelerate. All of our key segments demonstrated strong year-over-year growth with U.S. and OUS revenues up 35% and 78%, respectively. From a profitability perspective, DexCom continues to demonstrate leverage, as revenue growth outpaced the increase in operating expenses by more than two times for the first half of the year. Quentin will provide you with more detail around our financial performance and outlook in a moment. As I left the American Diabetes Association Conference in Orlando late in the quarter, it was apparent that CGM awareness and acceptance is stronger than ever, and this trend is driving our growth globally. Looking ahead, we believe innovations like the DexCom G6 will continue to push CGM toward the standard of care for intensive insulin management. As many of you that attended ADA could see, we generated significant excitement around our G6 platform which was unveiled at the meeting late in the quarter. By combining market-leading performance with a leap forward in user experience, feedback on G6 has been unambiguously positive so far. As we've said in the past, G6 represents the most important and complex launch in our history, highlighted by the new applicator, improved form factor and market-leading performance, all without finger stick calibrations. We are well-positioned, and the team remains intensely focused on launching our new G6 system. Interest for DexCom CGM across both G5 and G6 has been strong to-date, and as a result, we've increased our growth outlook for 2018. However, strong demand has driven delays in processing and fulfilling orders. To our patient and physician customers, please rest assured the team is working around the clock to get product to you. Although we had originally planned for a G6 launch in the second half of the year, after the March approval we recognized the importance of the G6 offering and made the decision to get this product into customer's hands as soon as possible. This has put a strain on the organization on a number of fronts, but we expect to get ahead of this by the end of the third quarter. Reflecting on the first half of the year, we have had a fabulous six months, exceeding our growth targets while continuing to demonstrate leverage. I'm particularly impressed by our performance in light of the fact that we were only three weeks into the G6 launch during the second quarter. With that, I will now turn the call over to Quentin for a review of our financials.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Hi. This is Kevin. I would tell you that our G6 new customers is everybody. If anything, the one thing I would tell you about the G6 product is a little bit different is, it is reaching a broader base of people. It is reaching more users who have not experienced CGM before because as they walk into their caregivers and learn about its features with no calibrations and the easy insertion and the profile, it is more attractive to a broader market of patients than what we've offered in the past. So we are seeing a broader user group but I would say it's been very well-accepted across the board.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: This is Kevin. I'll take that again. As I said in my comments and our prepared remarks, we originally anticipated launching this product mid-Q3, sometime around there. We moved that launch up significantly putting a lot of stress on everybody. Our guidance contemplates that we work through building up inventories and having more quantities on hand. We've turned suppliers on, as we also said in our remarks, it's 24/7 all the time right now as far as manufacturing. We have things coming in. We had planned to ship from G5 to G6 for a little bit later in the year. We've forced that shift to go earlier putting pressure on both G5 and G6 from a manufacturing perspective, so we didn't make it easy for anybody here. But as we work through the third quarter and as we said again in our remarks, it'll take us three months to work through all this but we believe by the end of three months we'll be in very good shape.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Margaret, we only were three weeks into the launch by the end of Q2, so we really don't have a good number to give you as to how many patients are switching over. The second quarter was largely driven by G5. As we go into Q3, we are flipping patients over at their request when they want to and we are moving rapidly. But I really don't have a good percentage to give you. We believe over time this is a technology that will replace the other one, as you said earlier, more rapidly than before, simply because it is so different from a user perspective. We haven't given dates as to when we think everybody is going to be flipped over to G6. With respect to utilization, we'll monitor that. Again, we're very early into the process and we'll see where it ends up. We don't have enough data to answer those things, those questions completely right now.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: One of our great policies is we don't give guidance for 2019 today, so that I won't answer. With respect to these contracts and our efforts with managed care, we've used G6 as an opportunity to get in front of people, I've even been out on a few of them myself just to gauge and to learn and see what goes on. There's still very much an educational process with payers that we have to go beyond just pricing as to what the outcomes our system offers, the protection in dangerous lows that we offer and the A1c improvement outcomes that we see in all the studies that we do that our competitors do not. So we're going through all those things. I would tell you we've been very creative and very aggressive in structures. A lot of those are pending. Some have been accepted. Some we've moved other directions. We have a goal to make this successful to everybody who wants it at a price that's reasonable for DexCom and reasonable for our company to make a profit. We're going to try several different models over the next year or so to see what is the most efficient way to get this product to our patients and we'll keep learning. If we find something that we hit on, we'll go there. We started pharmacy several years ago and we haven't got full reimbursement there yet. We do have. We've improved there. We've got some but it's not all there yet. We've improved in the DME channel somewhat with some payers, with others we haven't and it's a process. As Quentin said earlier, as we look at pricing headwinds and things like that, it would have an impact more in the fourth quarter and into 2019 than into the third and it's not impacted as this year as much as we'd originally planned when we gave our guidance, hence why we beat so much. But we have been real strong on volumes as well, so we'll just play it by ear. But we're aggressively proposing these structures to make this easier.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: This is Kevin. I've been out on the field on ride-alongs a couple times over the past few months, and I think this will help us drive more Medicare interest and more demand. I don't know how many were sitting on the fence waiting for this, but I do think the ability for us to market to this and say look, we can now share your data with those who are caregivers with you, I think it can be very powerful just like it's been for us with pediatrics. So it'll take some time, but let's see how it plays out.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Robbie, this is Kevin. I'll let the other guys kick in after I take a bit of this. One thing you can understand for sure is we do not have any difficulty explaining to third-party payers the difference between our product and others. Our product with no calibrations and connectivity and sharing data and the ease-of-use has a feature set that incorporates anything good that the other products do and we've got it all. So that is not difficult for us to explain with G6. I would tell you with the payers at various payer-to-payer meetings to meetings, some of them look at cost per day, some of them look per member per month, some of them look at annual therapy, and so literally, the presentations are geared towards the people that we meet with. Some quite frankly are geared towards Medicare. Here is Medicare pricing. Where do we go from here? It all depends on who we're talking to. We tailor our approach with everybody we meet with, and we'll see how these things play out over the next several months, particularly now that we have G6 approved on the market. That's another thing we'll have to remember while we're selling G6, a lot of the G6 reimbursement now is grandfathered in from a G5 contract that we had before, and in those cases, we got paid per sensor, per day. And that will change over time and that will change as we put new arrangements and new plans in front of payers. But that's how we approach it. We approach it strategically in each and every individual meeting the best way to go about it. We approach it from pharmacy channel, from DME channel, depending upon the payer and what they have an appetite for. It's a wide scale effort. Unfortunately, I'd love it not to be a shotgun approach but it is an approach where we have to address each audience the way they want to talk to us.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: It's something we should be aware of, and as I also said in my prepared remarks, and I believe Quentin mentioned earlier, where we have an opportunity to go to pharmacy and increase access and availability for patients. We are willing to give some price to increase volume and get the technology to more people. That's just one example. We've done the same thing with some DME plans as well. So we know there may be plans accepted that would have an effect on what we're doing and competition can drive some of that also. Both Medtronic and Abbott had talked about – Medtronic said they are going to price lower than what we've been in the past, and we all know that Libre is priced much lower than where we are. We see that market and you add another factor on to that, Medicare got approved in 2017 and that pricing is lower than where we've been in the past as well. So pricing pressures are not an if, they're a when. We're addressing it very proactively and building business models so it'll work best for us. At the end of the day, look at the numbers we just put up. They're pretty strong.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: We're working on that right now. We have several alternatives in the pipeline for going out to 14 days. iCGM is an important consideration for us. We do believe that is a very important development with the FDA, having 510(k) and the ability for us to move faster within the structure where we play. When we got the iCGM rules and the standards and the accuracy guidelines, we have to make sure our 14-day product will perform there. So we're doing work on that. I think for us right now, getting the 10-day product out to everybody and getting G6 launched is most important. We are looking at 14 days, but I don't really have an update or a timeline for you right now.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: We've never broken out those percentages as to what we sell through the pharmacy and what we sell through other channels. A lot of this is very conceptual at this point in time, and we'll leave it at that.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Well, I'll speak. There's nothing that Libre does that we don't do better. I can leave it at that, or I can go on. With respect to the physicians...
Kevin Ronald Sayer: (45:17) the physicians that we meet with, when we meet with them, G6 has so many features, with connectivity, with its performance in the high and the low range, with its consistency, with the form factor, the ease of insertion, this product is a home run for us. And so, I mean, look at how our business – and this growth this quarter was without G6. There is a very, very broad acceptance for G6 right now. I guess the other thing to remember that I think everybody else who gets very hung up about, there's a lot of patients out here that have diabetes. The world is not just going to be one CGM company, it's going to be numerous ones and there's opportunities for all of us. Our market is still very under-penetrated regardless of what Abbott does or says, or Medtronic does or says, what we do or say or what start-ups do or say. We have a lot of room to grow. This platform with G6 really gives us the opportunity to grow into areas where we haven't gone before, because it is so much easier to use, and the thought of not sticking your finger any more combined with the performance of this system really is very appealing to people. And so we're excited with what we have going on and we're not going to spend a lot of time worrying about the others.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Well, I'll take the easy one where I get to think about force ranking three variables. I would tell you first would be overall market expansion, second would be Medicare, and third would be G6 because you're back to Steve and Quentin's earlier comments, we only had about three weeks worth of G6 to ship and it's been our experience over time, very seldom do patients with DexCom buy our old technology because of the upgrade program and move on. If they really want the new product, our patients, to their credit, manage their money and their finances as closely as they can because this disease is not inexpensive. So if I had to rank the three, I would say overall market expansion and stickiness of our current patients combined with new patients, and I would add Medicare in the U.S. as the second driver and third would be G6. Then I'll turn the other one over to Quentin. You go ahead.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Yeah, this is Kevin. I'll take that. We monitor those campaigns very closely and we've had a great deal of success with our DTC, our digital efforts and our television efforts, everything that we've tried. We monitor their effectiveness, we adjust, we move, and change our approach literally on a real-time basis. We think that's very helpful in driving new patient demand. I will tell you on the G6 front we've had significant demand from our traditional channel driven by our field sales team and their physicians, educators, and nurse practitioners. So those are our two major channels for getting patients. I would tell you that once it come from the field have a higher percentage of turning into a sale, but we have very detailed systems as far as qualifying leads that come in through our digital sources and from our TV programs to determine how strong the lead is and very, very detailed programs to call them within a very short period of time to keep their interest going. These are systems we've been building out over time, and it's been a long road for us. We're really proud of that team. They've done a really good job.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: We give a lot of thought to that population because it's a very large market, and we believe CGM can be a very, very powerful tool there. The question for us and the things we have to develop are models to why that tool is used most efficiently. In our current structure, for example, a Type 2 non-intensive patient wearing CGM all the time at today's prices is not feasible, but it is feasible for them to have an experience whereby they wear CGM intermittently, one, two, four, six times a year to determine if those meds they're taking are working properly and to see if there are improvements we can make in overall diabetes health with respect to diet and exercise. We have UnitedHealthcare pilot. We have other pilots we're working on. We have the Verily Gen 1 product and also Verily's joint venture with Sanofi, Onduo has made a lot of progress in that area too. We speak with a number of Type 2 programs that are ongoing and one of the things we see evolving over time is with the API platform we've built. There may be in fact an opportunity for us to provide data feeds to some of these programs and develop an entire new business model that way. It's a very exciting area for us. I think the big question is the business model, what is the revenue per patient, how do we monetize our asset and our product, and how do we make it to whereby those who pay the bills can see the benefit for it, because it's not just going to be throw devices on these people. There's going to have to be returns on it. And we're excited to demonstrate that. We talk a lot about our UHC pilot. We think that will certainly demonstrate returns over time, and there are others that we think will be beneficial as well. It's going to take a while, but it is going to be a very large market for it.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: It's variable expenses on the higher revs across the board. There's a number of areas. We're not contemplating a field sales force increase for 2018 right now. Our field team is performing spectacularly as we are evaluating the size and structure of the field sales force as part of our 2019 planning which is going to be starting very soon and we'll see how that goes but for now we're happy with the group that we have.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Our next generation transmitter is literally complete electronics redesign. There will be significant cost advantage to that. I don't think we've disclosed the numbers but they will be significant and it will performance as far as its range of transmission and user experience. We think it'll be even more consistent better than what we have now. We're working really hard to get that through validation and verification, so we can launch that sometime next year. That will have a very positive impact on our business.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: I don't have that number off the top of my head. I don't think the total average wait time is a whole lot higher than it's been before but there are times when – and you can see this online where we've had certain components when you're going to have to wait three to five-days on, for a little while and then we've had other times when you've had to wait a little bit longer. Our situation with having supply constraints has been very much more short-term than a long-term situation where we've had to say, hey, you're not getting anything for a month. It's been more of here is a few days and wait a few days on that. We're trying to manage this as close as we can and certainly keep everything at low as possible but there are wait times and it varies. It literally varies based on production and when we get goods into inventory.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Well, I appreciate the question. We don't have Medtronic's balance sheet. I wish we did. With respect to risk sharing, the risk that we prevent are severe hypoglycemia and the outcomes that we generate are reduced A1cs. To the extent a payer has a very, very accurate mechanism for measuring those things, we would invite the opportunity to make those type of proposals. The other thing that we all need to be cognizant of is we certainly haven't read how those risk sharing arrangements work for other companies. With respect to being a preferred CGM provider, I know people ask for that and look for that, with our current market share if you like the T1D data that was I think near 80% from those patients and stuff, we appear to be the preferred CGM provider of patients anyway. So we'll continue to push that and being a leader here, we don't anticipate being aced out (01:03:09) there but we are not afraid to make those types of proposals ourselves. We just haven't had any that have won. Not afraid of that.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: You know, Ravi, we don't have exact number saying how many patients have come to us from that. We can anecdotally tell you we've heard this and we've heard this for years in Europe, particularly as you get into somebody intensively managing their diabetes, they try the Abbott technology and aren't getting the experience that they're looking for, the experience of alerts, alarms and continuous readings. So, yeah, that happens, but I can't quantify it.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Well, we'd like to thank everybody for listening in and participating in our call today. As you can see in our results, the diabetes community remains bullish on DexCom, and our outlook going forward is stronger than it's ever been. G6 is not just a product launch for us but it's a generational platform shift. This platform provides us with the technological foundation to take CGM across all of health care. There's no technology out there that can provide a glucose management experience that cannot be achieved through the G6 platform, only G6 does it better. That being said, rest assured, we'll never sit still. We're already driving the team to get going on our next generation systems to expand our manufacturing, transactional capacity, and provide more meaningful tools for our patients and partners all the while trying to navigate the day-to-day realities of launching our new system into this much more competitive and complex global marketplace. I want to once again recognize all the substantial efforts of multiple DexCom teams through this time and once again thanks, Terry, thank Terry for his leadership, mentorship and vision over the past 13 years. This isn't seeing a slowdown any time soon. Thank you, everybody.
Steven Robert Pacelli: Thank you, Quentin. DexCom had a number of important strategic wins late in the quarter. We received a CE mark for G6 and we are currently formulating our OUS launch plans for the balance of the year. We're also very excited to learn that Medicare made the decision to allow patients to use their mobile devices together with their DME receivers to view and share their CGM data. This is a great win for patients and their caregivers, and we applaud CMS for understanding the importance of data sharing for real-time CGM. As you might expect, our biggest strategic priority for the balance of 2018 is the G6 launch, especially with the demand we have seen out of the gate. But beyond this all-encompassing effort, we continue to see benefits from the FDA's new iCGM classification which only DexCom G6 carries today. In fact, near the end of Q2 and just before the start of ADA, the FDA approved Tandem's predictive low glucose suspend, or PLGS system, called Basal-IQ, which uses the DexCom G6 sensor platform. This represents a great example of why the agency took the step to establish the integrated CGM category. We applaud the FDA for making this decision and approving the Tandem system within three months of our own G6 platform being approved. We have ongoing discussions with our other insulin delivery partners to capitalize on this new environment and we'll update the market when appropriate. However, the bottom line is we believe this will provide the ability for our industry to bring innovation and choice to the diabetes community more efficiently, all while maintaining the important guardrails that ensure we optimize CGM performance and patient safety. In the meantime, we are seeing good progress across our insulin delivery partners, including both automated insulin delivery systems and smart pen platforms, and remain confident that our pipeline of integrated diabetes management systems leaves us in a strong position competitively. Beyond insulin delivery, we are actively exploring new market opportunities, especially given our belief that the G6 sensor and algorithm truly represent a platform for DexCom. We continue to make meaningful progress with our fully disposable sensors. However, in light of an increasingly competitive environment, we are keeping the details of our next-generation product pipeline plans close to the vest. Our first generation Verily device is in validation and verification and the second-generation device remains on track for a late 2020, early 2021 commercial launch. Let me again remind you that the first device is intended to help us optimize the clinical and commercial rationale for these disposable devices with the goal of establishing our go-to-market strategy for the second-generation system. We look forward to bringing you more updates as we continue to make progress. And with that, I'll pass it back to Kevin.
Steven Robert Pacelli: J. P., just as a clarification I don't think Basal-IQ has launched it, I think their guidance is it's going to launch sometime in Q3.
Steven Robert Pacelli: I think I'd add too when we talk about competitive headwinds, when Quentin talks about move to the pharmacy and the subscription model, quite honestly, those are strategic opportunities for us. We've said, the launch of Gen 6 affords us the opportunity to be more flexible with some pricing structures and we're going to continue to explore those. We don't know the exact timing of when those might come to fruition, but we're certainly hopeful that alongside if we can move the whole business to the pharmacy that would be a great win for us, and we'd be willing to give up a little top-line price.
Steven Robert Pacelli: Just reviewing the data that was published I think on Monday on the next generation Libre, I don't think they're close clearly in the hypoglycemia range. Their performance just isn't good enough to meet the iCGM standards. So I don't, we looked at Medtronic's data on the Guardian Connect standalone, it falls a little short. So at this point, I don't think there's anybody coming.
Steven Robert Pacelli: Yeah, I think it's just a good win for patients. We've long said that we don't think that folks in the Medicare population were deferring going on the DexCom CGM because they couldn't use their phone, but what everybody in the community was saying is this is just silly because the share feature functionality is one of the critical aspects to the technology of real-time CGM so obviously we were pleased that Medicare will allow patients to actually use that technology now.
Steven Robert Pacelli: Well, the G6 launch only contributed for about three weeks, and the quarter was largely driven, as Quentin mentioned, it was largely driven by G5. This quarter was actually all about G5.
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: Thanks, Danielle. No, I wouldn't read into it around that way. What I would say is obviously Q2 was much stronger than what we had anticipated. We like the set up going into the quarter but the $243 million of revenue was far beyond our expectations. And I think what you're seeing is that we're at the very early stages of significant awareness being captured around the value of CGM and just how quickly that penetration goes into the marketplace is yet to be seen but we're incredibly bullish around it. So what we tried to do with our guidance was contemplate those potential headwinds that we knew were out there in the back half of the year. We know we continue to work through contract discussions with the payers, some moving towards the pharmacy channel, some moving towards the subscription model, dialing in those potential headwinds so that if they end up playing out, they don't result in a downside surprise but giving us a baseline then to know that if we execute well from that then there's upside beyond the numbers. So that's really how we thought about it. That was the number we're able to dial into. We could have provided a range, but like I said the beat in Q2 was far beyond what we expected and it's really going to come down to how fast the penetration into the CGM marketplace goes, but at $925 million, we felt very good with that.
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah. Q2 and then Q3, Danielle. So the way we're thinking about it is the incremental demand that's been placed on to the organization has put us in a position where we're bringing up incremental production lines faster than what we have expected. We're bringing the Mesa facility up and online, and we're hiring a lot of production workers into the organization which just bring with it some natural inefficiencies in the early stages of getting them up to speed with what we're trying to do. We expect that's going to continue to play out in Q3, and I think you'll see it rebound nicely in Q4. But if you were to exclude those incremental headwinds really driven by the demand, you would see that gross margin for the full year is still right in that guidance range that we had provided. So there's nothing else that's playing out there at all. It's just trying to work through the pressures of the higher demand and making sure we can fulfill that and in the near-term expediting product into the hands of our patients that we do think we get turned around in the fourth quarter.
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah. So I can tell you in the second quarter it was across the board. I think Kevin indicated that in his prepared remarks, and I commented on it as well. Really all key revenue factors that I think are most indicative of future growth potential and the company were up strongly over where they were at in Q1 and well beyond what we had expected. So you can think of that as new patients. You can also think of that as just further adoption within the existing customer base, and really on a global basis both in the U.S. and international. I think the thing that we've tried to contemplate in the back half of the year, that we've talked about just a little bit earlier was the fact that there are potential headwinds out there around the move towards the pharmacy-type pricing model or subscription-type model as well as some of the competitive headwinds that are out there with Libre has got the expanded label we've seen, you've got Medtronic out there with Guardian Connect. I can tell you we feel incredibly good about how we're positioned to compete against those folks, but I think we need to be mindful of the potential impact that could be out there, so we've tried to dial it into our guidance. But outside of that, we're not trying to deliver any other message other than we're very bullish on the year and where the opportunity exists within this marketplace.
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: Well, I would tell you that we've contemplated the headwinds to be more heavily weighted towards the fourth quarter. Obviously we're into the third quarter, we see how that's playing out. There is some pressure dialed into Q3 but more heavily weighted into Q4. It's about 700 basis points of headwind that we've dialed into the back half of the year in total, so that gives you a sense of just how we quantified it internally. Obviously Q2 was incredibly strong, so to look at historic seasonality and anticipate that Q3 is going to look similar in terms of sequential change off of what we believe is an incredibly strong Q2 and we're not quite ready to call that a trend just yet, I think you should expect that seasonality is going to look different in the back half of the year than what you would have seen in the past couple of years.
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah, Jeff, we're not going to give any color around patient adds at this point. Obviously we've talked about moving away from that, so we're not going to give any incremental color around those kind of things. I think it's safe to say the awareness of CGM is growing meaningfully in the marketplace and you've got not only ourselves but you've got other folks out there who continue to educate on the value of it and it's being heard and you're seeing that show up through the fact that new patients are coming into realize that CGM has value. So we're not going to get into the specifics of the numbers, but absolutely new patient volumes are a big driver.
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: No, nothing in particular. I will tell you we ended up, we talked about the deferral potential back in Q2 or sorry, at the end of Q1 when we talked about the Q2 guidance associated with our G6 promotion program. That came in a little bit lighter than what we thought. We said that there could be $10 million of headwind and it ended up being about $5 million of headwind, so maybe you had $5 million of upside to that expectation. That played through the numbers, but obviously that doesn't explain the big beat. The bring beat is really driven by underlying volumes across all segments or all channels in the business.
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: I don't know that it's necessarily delayed revenue. What we've said is it's created tremendous strain on the organization to keep up with that demand. So we're doing everything we can to bring incremental lines up from a production perspective, hiring folks into run those lines, introducing automation into the production facility, setting up our Mesa manufacturing facility. But I would say we're meeting the demand at this point in time. We're not missing opportunities, but it's putting a lot of strain on the business.
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: And to be clear, it's not just G6 that's driving that. The G5 demand in the second quarter is far and away what drove the outperformance.
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah. So, international, as we noted, 22% of total revenue contribution in the quarter, up 78% year-over-year. One of the strongest quarters that we've seen to-date in what is still an incredibly unpenetrated or under-penetrated market opportunity. I would tell you that the strength is across the board. It's across all of Europe. It's across all of rest of the world for us, with every one of the regions really performing well. Pricing is holding steady. Utilization, I would say, is improving, but a lot of it is driven by new patient interest and just continued further adoption within those marketplaces. So it really is across the board and not any one particular geography that's driving it. It is across the regions.
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: What we can tell you is that strength in the quarter, as I mentioned earlier, was really driven by G5, and I think just the natural uptick in the awareness being created in the marketplace by having more competitors here is what's fueling that opportunity, and then obviously you have the G6 launch which creates or peaks people's interest and they start to look into it, learn more about it and it brings them our way as well. So I guess I would just leave it at that.
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: Well, I'll take the gross margin question on price. You may have to repeat the last question there. But from a pricing perspective, we haven't seen that play out any different than what we had originally anticipated in the broader range of 65% to 68%. In Q2, price or mix depending on what you want to call it I guess it's revenue-per-patient associated with the lower revenue per patient in the Medicare channel and the international business, that did weigh our margins year-over-year by a couple of hundred basis points, but that was in line with what we would have anticipated. Last quarter – or sorry, last year same quarter, we were at 68.9%. You take a couple of hundred basis points off of that and you're down around 66%, 67% right where we thought we would be. So price is coming together just like we anticipated, and we've dialed in the back half of the year to be relatively consistent with what we expected in that 65% to 68% range. But now you're dealing with the headwinds of the incremental demand that we are trying to ramp up the organization to be able to fulfill. So that's the only real difference in the gross margin.
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: So in terms of the back half of the year, David, I would say we feel like the international markets are quite stable, yet at the same time 78% growth that we put up in the second quarter. We're not ready to call that a trend just yet. So I think when you look at your models and I understand when you drive them to the $925 million guidance you're going to come up with the first half growth rate of 36% slowing to potentially 23% in the back half of the year. I think a couple things to keep in mind. One, the comp in the back half of the year is going to be more difficult. We started to see acceleration in the business last year, particularly in Q4, but that's about 400 basis points of a headwind if you're just trying to quantify the impact of the tougher comp, and then we've noted that there's about 700 basis points in there relative to revenue per patient or kind of (52:28) pharmacy subscription mix shift in the commercial business. So between those two, you start to work yourself back into a growth rate that's pretty comparable to the first half of the year after contemplating those headwinds. So that's how we think about it, that's how we dialed into our expectations, and to the degree that we can navigate it well, terrific we're all going to be very happy.
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: What we said was there's potential channel shifts in there, so again, pharmacy subscription model as well as some of the competitive headwinds that could exist out there as well. So we're not going to break it down any more than that or quantify it any differently than that but that's how we got into that number.
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah, Suraj, this is Quentin. I'll jump in and take that for you. What Kevin was alluding to was G6 really was only available in the last three weeks or so of the quarter. The demand was really driven out of the G5 product lines but you can imagine as you're starting to ramp or anticipating the ramp in G6, you're starting to slowdown some of your G5 production lines at the same time you have demand going the other way. So you just have to reignite those or to bring other lines back up to meet that demand is just highly inefficient. So we're doing it to get product into the hands of the patients, which is the right thing to do, but you're doing it in a less efficient way than what you'd anticipated being able to do it had everything moved to G6 more quickly or if the demand hadn't come in as strongly as it had but we had produced a whole lot more throughput through the plants than what we had originally anticipated. So that's what's driving the inefficiency.
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: Well, sequentially Q1 has always been down from Q4. I think you just naturally have that particularly with the heavy weight of our business that flows through the U.S. commercial business where insurance deductibles kind of promote that kind of behavior. So that's natural to see. You're right the sequential increase from Q2 or off of Q1 into Q2 was far beyond anything you've seen historically and I think that's part of what we're articulating here is that we're incredibly bullish on where this has the opportunity to go and just the early aspect of CGM adoption, but at the same time we're not going to call it a trend just yet. That's 90-days of experience that was far beyond our expectations and it's just put the strain on the organization, we're responding to it and we'd love to have that challenge continue to be played out in Q3 and Q4 but we're not going to call it just yet. We want to see that play out further.
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: It comes back to general awareness. I just think awareness in this marketplace is increasing significantly. You've got big players out here who are putting big dollars to work to advertise and create awareness around the space, and I think as we've said from day one multiple players are going to have success here. It's not going to be one player or another. All of us are going to win together, and I think that's exactly what you just saw play out in Q2.
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: Well, I'll talk to the revenue growth rates across kind of the category that you mentioned transmitters, receivers being a bit slower than what you saw on the sensor side, I think for a couple of reasons. One, in this international space it's receiver-optional for us, so you don't necessarily always see folks purchasing the receiver as they come to become a DexCom user, and that plays out in the results. We talked about this promotional program of G5 into G6. That played out in the quarter and there's still a bit of deferral that will come back in the back part of the year over the next six months at some point roughly $5 million or so that didn't come in in Q2. You normalize for that and you've got a growth rate in your transmitter business that's right back up in line close to that sensor business, which then I think you can triangulate that back to the combination of obviously a ramp in new patients coming into the business as awareness is being created in the space and continued strong utilization from your existing user base.
