Kevin Sayer: Thank you, Steve. Joining me today are Jess Roper, our Chief Financial Officer and Steve Pacelli, our Executive Vice President of Strategy and Corporate Development. Just being my first call as DexCom’s CEO I have decided to change the format slightly. Steve will start with a review of our detailed fourth quarter 2014 financial results and some commentary on 2015. I will then provide our customary operations update and obviously some concluding thoughts before opening the line for questions. But before I turn the call over to Steve, let start big. At the JPMorgan Healthcare conference in January, we announced Q4 and full year 2014 Product revenue of approximately $84 million and $257 million respectively. What we did not disclose at JPMorgan, well I am pleased to announce today is that for Q4 2014 we were profitable for the very first time on a GAAP basis. Yes, it happened. We have earnings per share. I’m also very proud to announce that our G5 Mobile PMA Supplement all 15 volumes of it was filed earlier this week. What a greater confidence for our team and obviously we’ve fulfilled several exciting milestones here at DexCom. I actually thought about with my new title just handling the call right now and taking Q&A but I don’t think we can do that. We have a lot more to talk about, so with that I’ll turn it over to Steve.
Kevin Sayer: Our long term goal is 70/30 split, 70% through the pharmacy, 30% through DME. It will take us a long time to get there. We – as I’ve said in my remarks we’ve got a lot of major discussions going on right now. And I would tell you guys probably after the second quarter we’ll give you more of an update as to where we are. We really don’t want to give anything away. But people are very interested and we’re getting lot of attraction here.
Kevin Sayer: Organizational leverage, what this will enable us to, Ben, more than anything is not add a bunch of bodies to process sales, I think we can keep our staff levels much broader as we go forward. The tricky part of this is if price erosion comes into play how much price are you willing to give up versus the leverage you obtained operationally and those are the types of equations that Jess and I look at all the time, and those types of tradeoffs.
Kevin Sayer: That’s certainly one of our stretch goals for 2015. But Brooks, we had over $50 million in share-based compensation in 2014 and that number is not going down in 2015 as we have more grants come out with our stock price, so we’ll look at it. We measure our results primarily on our cash base performance. And overtime, we that stock-based compensation will come down as a percentage of everything in our financial statements will look more normal. So that’s a stretch goal of ours. We’re also going to not let that deter us from doing all the things that we want to do. If we can increase our cash based operating income number. And we as I said we grew $100 million in revenue and dropped over $30 million to the bottom line, that’s pretty good year and that’s great execution of a plan.
Kevin Sayer: We certainly hope so, that’s our plan. I mean, we went from negative 30 in 2012, negative 30 plus to positive five in 2013, to positive 37 in 2014. Our many businesses will show that kind of turn. Our business model is truly scalable Brooks. Now the key question for us is one investment do we may? Terry and I often discuss, if we wanted to just turn this thing into cash money maker there are ways to do it. But that doesn’t position us for the next $0.5 billion in revenues. We got to continue to invest, so we will, so it is a balance –it’s a balance each and every day.
Kevin Sayer: You’re correct in the first question is no, neither the current iteration of the Vibe, the Tandem product when it launches will accommodate the G 4 AP Algorithm. And quite frankly we’re cautiously optimistic by the end of this year we’re going to be on the G 5 platform, so we will also be on our mobile phone. I don’t want to comment specifically on how the new algorithm will or not impact the launch of those products. I think as we said in past earnings calls at conferences, I think from a revenue generation perspective we’re kind of treating the pump company these days is more additive than transformative for business. I think we’re really – we’ve not -- it kind of downplayed slight and we’re not really looking at those guys to be driving the topline in a significant fashion. So I think I’m not sure where that concerned about it, to be honest.
Kevin Sayer: This is Kevin. I think help, but I don’t think it was the key driver. Jason, I think just s we increase awareness that’s what draw it. It certainly is an easy presentation to clinicians, to say, this is more accurate than what we have before. Most patients judge the accuracy of their system not from what’s in the book or what they experience day to day, and the algorithm one of its characteristics it does move quicker with your glucose information of patients, saw that and experience that firsthand. So, it helps, but I don’t know that it was the primary driver. I think it just increased awareness.
Kevin Sayer: Well, we’re going to do both Jason, we branched out to approximately 10 countries. Last year almost significant new countries, last year we’re in Canada with last year and India near the end of the year, we’re going there. We actually have an employee relationship in India that works with our distributor. We have all of our international employees as we sit here today, first I looking hires that will be the supplement what we have. In particular health are economics expert to help drive imbursement over there. On top of that a clinical expert as we do more studies overseas to prove the effectiveness and demonstrate the effectiveness of CGM we need somebody with mark clinical experience than what we have now. So we’re got a couple of folks lined up in that area and that’s where we’ll start. Most all of our revenue internationally goes through distributors and so we monitor that distribution channel very closely and carefully.
Kevin Sayer: It certainly a part but we’re not going to give you level materiality for example, but it’s a part but our efforts to our network distributors is obviously very important part.
Kevin Sayer: We don’t want to build the infrastructure to support our business the way it’s designed today. We need to move through these channels. You can just fill building after building after building with employees and the DME environment and clear obviously that’s been one of Medtronics great barriers to entry in the pump where all the other pumps have to have hard time making money. It’s hard to replicate that structure unless you have a huge amount of revenues. We really have a mission to go this way; we need to make it more efficient. And you don’t think about how much easier it is for our patients right now, they call us, they fill our paper work, they get letters from their doctors. It’s said there are glucose lives if we can remove this to the pharmacy and drop some of the criteria, you go to your doctor and get a prescription, drop it off at [Indiscernible] and pick it up the next day when it ships from Cardinal Health or McCusker or whoever in the drug store. And when it comes to re-ordering I don’t know if you have any medications but I can tell you if I have 30 days with the pill, I start getting calls on day 27 every single month. So I think it just makes for a much more efficient better patient order processing experience and the way we’ll track that. We are going to give up some control which is very hard for me, but in all reality when the data is all going to the cloud from your phone, we’ll be able to track those patients and will know who is lying what and how often they use sensors and when there are three order. And that data and this data revolution that’s coming is going to change our business processes combined with pharmacy distribution. We see our accounting in five different place in three years.
Kevin Sayer: Right now we are opening up smaller countries and most of the large countries certainly in Europe, very little in Asia. Asia we’ve got efforts going on in Japan right now and we are kind of trying to decide what to take to China because we have to take an FDA approved product over there, but it takes some time to get approved and we don’t like to get something approved that we don’t build anymore. So there is a bunch of dominoes that have to fall in place for China approval. We’ve taken a very much a shotgun approach in these countries because there hasn’t been a lot of reimbursement. So the more countries, the more cash paying patients, the more products we can sell. I think as we get reimbursement and hopefully in Germany, hopefully in Sweden and other countries over the next 18 to 24 months you could see some significant pickup. In terms of revenues overseas, as this product is reimbursed. But it’s going to take a while; it’s not going to happen overnight.
Kevin Sayer: I think ultimately Danielle we’ll have very or lot of visibility by the call and I guess for Q2 we have a number of meetings slated with the agency between now and the end of the second quarter to put this trial together, sufficing to say it’s not going to be a small one.
Kevin Sayer: Just a whole bunch of things and a whole bunch of different patient population segments etcetera. The guys are doing a great job working for the agency on this; it’s been a very interactive discussion. They want to help us and so we knew regularly we’re going to get there.
Kevin Sayer: That’s a great question and every time we make the sensor more accurate we improve our margins. So far as we’ve had manufacturing improvements they have been designed in mind that it would be more cost effectiveness and produce more accurate sensors and produce better yields. I think the key to the no calibration sensor is to have an extremely reputable manufacturing process. As I discussed earlier the Gen6 manufacturing line eliminates some of the steps that cause errors or yield loss in the G4 system. It is much more automated and much more advanced. There are more steps to automating this process. So I don’t think we’ll have to give up much on the margin side particularly as we go to extended ware and that becomes quite simple. If we have a ten day sensor and we can build up the same pretty rate as the seven day sensor, we can pick up some more margin and even include a little extra cost in that sensor if that’s what we have to do to get that label. I don’t view it as a trade off.
Kevin Sayer: That’s a great question. And as we have talked on this call several times with Terry while he was here. We have thousands probably more than 8000 physicians who prescribed one CGM system in 2014. We certainly have several champions and we consider champions are certain level of high prescribers and that number has gone up but not as fast as we would like. We need to move everybody up further. Access drives a bit of that. If a patient can go to their doctor and get a prescription signed and go to the drug store and pick up a sensor that will take physicians who have to spend inordinate amount of time doing paperwork for the one CGM they prescribed and get them more accustomed to prescribing CGM for their patients. So Access is going to help with this, our product improvements are going to help with this. The data on the phone that they are in the cloud based platforms, if we can show the physicians that they look, you can sit down and pull up Steve data on your computer without Steve playing in anything in to his machine, that’s pretty cool and that will help. So we are, we call on every end that we can. We’re very, very, very specific as far as calling on those who prescribed a lot of insulin and you will expect this is – and we’ve worked our way down the future and we moved further down those list as we get bigger every year, there is still more room to grow. But at the end of the day we still have too many 1Gs and 2Gs and we got to get out to these other guys again increasing what they are prescribing.
Kevin Sayer: The data that is restored in the cloud from our share platform is right now accessed only by DexCom devices. We have made a lot of progress over the past few months with respect to data and possibly sharing data with others. We have not signed any agreements with anybody to let them access that data in the cloud yet. We will consider it if it meets the patient’s need that we can’t meet. And it’s something the patients want we are open with respect to architectures we demonstrated with our relationships today. And we’ll consider that overtime, but we are not going to run out and sign everybody up in the world to distract from what we are doing.
Kevin Sayer: Thank you very much. In closing I want to address one of the frequent questions that we hear as we meet with others on the outside. Now that you are in charge and Tony has graduated on to Executive Chairman, what’s going to change? It’s easy is to tell you what’s not going to change. And that’s our commitment to our patients. Our patient for the strategy has put DexCom in a very enviable position. Even one of our competitors refer to our off the charts net promoter score and one of their presentations at AT&T. Our passion for patients is what drives this company that culture has been put in here by Terry and will never change. I’ve been very fortunate for the past three plus years with Terry and the CEO chair to become familiar with the intimate details of our company and help Terry build an excellent team here. What’s different now is our business is really undergoing major changes. You’ve heard it in my prepared remarks earlier as we compared the number product launches this year to our two previous years. We are much more complex in addition to our growth as this has previously the business has got to be scalable. With this great team we’ve assembled I am very confident that we can execute our very ambitious plans and achieve our simple final goal. We want to replace finger sticks. Thanks everybody.
Steve Pacelli: Yes. I mean, Ben, we’re not to breakout the distribution between adult and Peds, what we said kind of earlier – at launch what we said was that, the education effort required a pediatric was slightly greater than we expected, even the education of parent and patients with their parent was taking a little longer than expected. By Q2 we felt like better kind of normalize what we disclose that is that we were tracking basically to what we thought was the ratio of adult to Peds in the U.S., so roughly 25% of our new patients as back in Q2. We said at the time that we weren’t going to break it out, because frankly internally a five-year old or 15 year old or 50 year old to us if they are on the system and using disposables, are basically look and feel like same patient. But I guess, I’d summarize, by saying just our Peds ads are strong and we’re quite please with where we are at the pediatric [indiscernible].
Steve Pacelli: Not initially, as again we like to stop thinking about this and we said before – we like to lump everything into generations, but at the same time as you saw when we launch new algorithm, for example, with sort of in between generations if you will, we’re probably going to – we’re not necessarily Gen 6 may or may not have a new applicator could before or could slightly after the sensor is ready go and there’s a lot of moving parts here. But it definitely won’t be with Gen 5 I guess, that’s a short answer.
Steve Pacelli: Now to start, I’d answer that, of all the things we are doing operationally that is by far and away the most complex.
Steve Pacelli: I think we can continue to get some overhead leverage as we continue to increase volumes. I mean, our volume increased last year was amazing. That looks very helpful in getting G 4 sensors through the margin level that we obtained. I think over time we are going to have new platforms and new processes. But I mean, we never thought we’d above 80% and we’re clearly in the 70% to 75% range on our sensors now. So, there will some upside. Bill, I don’t know how much more. I mean, we’ll get it and we’ll see how it goes.
Steve Pacelli: Yes. Bill, this is Steve. J&J doesn’t stock anything. J&J does not service his distributor, sensors or transmitters in the U.S. so they sell buyback [ph] and then we support the patients with respect to transmitters and sensor disposable. So there is no stock by J&J, I don’t know where you got that.
Steve Pacelli: That’s right. As its stands today we treat the patients as our patients from a CGM perspective, so we’re filing all of their GM needs include tactical support on the CGM front. We’re exploring some ways to make it more seamless as its us today that the path
Steve Pacelli: That is spectacular Bill. I would reiterate what we said at JPMorgan, we certain grew our new patient base more than 50%, last year it was a great year for us.
Steve Pacelli: Yes. This is really a Tandem program. I don’t think we can comment on these specifics of the Tandem program other than to say that we’re partnering with Tandem and we’ve been supporting him with our current sensor technologies. At this point, we’re not prepared to move forward with G 5 with any partner, because we’re just – literally just filing it for the last week or so. So I would say it’s largely work in progress at this point. But it would not be a meaningful P&L in fact the DexCom’s because it’s really the partner Tandem or any other potential artificial Pancreas partner. The program is really being driven by the partner.
Steve Pacelli: That is wonderful question. There are three things involving, making our decision, lengths of time, calibrations, while mainly thought length of time, calibrations and then just performance over time and how the sensor works. We are working on the dosing claim with the FDA and that will be our next technological advancement. We will probably focus on getting the dosing claim first and then continue making our sensors accurate enough to service a fingerstick replacement. Making no calibration sensors is pretty hard, you’ve got to manufacture with in a very, very narrow range, so they all performed exactly the same. And we actually had similar data with that system with no calibrations that we did not present at the show. So we’re going to wait over time to convenient versus the calibrations, versus the accuracy, versus the labeling that we look for, all those factors play in together. Honestly, as these guys will tell you, I’m pushing for more accuracy, I’m kind of a jerk when it comes to that. It’s a big deal to me.
Steve Pacelli: Yes. I would just – I don’t know that we have data to support. I think Abbott has done a great job of creating hype over in Europe. They have had a couple of recalls on the device and my understanding is there are pretty significant back orders, so while there may be interest in the product. I’m not sure that we updated to support that they are having meaningful sales with respect to the product. The other thing that I think as we can keep going back to this is not a GCM, it doesn’t provide the alerts and alarms with the other products you’re going to miss, any reading you time you are asleep and that’s frankly or critical important time particularly for defensive managed new patients. So we said before that we think this could be a very interesting product for the Type 2 market. We’re keeping an eye on it and certainly just to respond the latter part of your question is and this something that Abbott figures out an interesting angle into the Type 2 market and to figuring out the distribution model, the payment model, the education model, because remember Type 2 are typically seen by primary care, by internal medicine and not typically seen endocrinologist, let someone else do some heavy lifting in developing as a different category. But today we’re going to stay focus on insulin using diabetes picture.
Steve Pacelli: Danielle, I’ll take this one. I think you kind of hit it on the head. You’d said 35% to 40%. We have never said we were going to sustain 60 plus percent growth. So but start with, we need to sustain 40% growth for the foreseeable future, so our real mission internally is over the next several years and two to three four years to be able to continue that 35% to 40% growth rate. In order to do that we have to continue to iterate new and better products to increase the size of the addressable market. The way I like to think about it is way back in the STS [ph] three days there in 2006 the product didn’t work particularly well and there were albeit very small handful of people who were willing to put up with the product that didn’t work particularly well. Much better performance in the 7 incremental improvement in the 7 plus and that drove the addressable market to a much larger size. Now obviously with the G4 PLATINUM that’s been a huge catalyst. You turn the inflection point or not it’s been a huge catalyst for growth in terms of new patients adds, but to sustain, just to sustain this phenomenal growth that we are seeing you need to get to Gen5 with our mobile platform, you need to get a Gen6 to reduce calibration and extend the duration you need to get what call it Gen7, 8, 9 eliminate calibration, miniaturization, new applicant all of the things that we keep talking about in our kind of near to midterm pipeline I mean kind of near to midterm meaning three to five years, we need to do all of these things in my opinion just to sustain the growth that we are trying to achieve. So I don’t think could there be outside of the number sure but I think we are really targeting trying to do the things and iterate the technology in a way that we can assure us also we can continue to grow at the rates we’ve said that we’ve going to grow.
Jess Roper: Well, we honest-to-goodness we don’t have any ideal as we sit here today. We’ve got a lot of work to do. Before we get there is bunch of variables for example, patients who want a new receiver have to fill out an application and say, I want my receiver upgraded. So we have to measure that response is to how many. We also have to see what’s left in the distributor and the manufacturing pipeline with respect to potential G 4 write-offs as to what’s in the field. And it’s all very early. I mean, we just got approval. Not too long ago, this wasn’t something we were planning on discussing today, a few weeks ago, so, you just have to give us some time.
Jess Roper: Yes. Our goal and Steve will probably some other comments. We’ve already said that Abbott is a very formidable competitor and our view that has never changed. The system they put out, again as you said, it’s not CGM, it is different. There is no alerts or alarms and you don’t get the benefit that comes with CGM there. We can certainly move to that space if we thought was what patient want it and make it go to a phone for example rather than to a handheld reader. But right now we’re focused on intensive management and focus on what we do. We will watch it very closely. Obviously the form factor everybody loves the reduce calibrations. But we heard other things. I mean, we’ve heard for example, that as I said earlier, manufacturing no calibration sensors is very hard. We heard within a certain lot of sensors, if one lot work they all work, we also heard that they have many lot that don’t work and they’re not even adding any new patients due to the manufacturing difficulties. So it’s early, there is lot, lot of working at it as we miniaturize our technologies, as reduced calibrations as we go to our novel platforms we’ll be same space. Now, Steve.
Jess Roper: The transmitter can have a two-way conversation. We have not read in software to take a calibration for many specifics meters yet.
Jess Roper: We could. I think as we look at our horizon we’re more concerned about getting – and we develop more apps with the Android platform and the watches and stuff.
Jess Roper: That’s a great question. As we sit here today and as we’ve sat here for the past several years our message has been CGM first that making CGM systems more and more accurate and reliable and better tools to support artificial pancreas and we’re comfortable with our product pipeline. The question then becomes how do we play in the sensor augmented pump arena. Somebody side early Tandem announce a threshold suspend device yesterday. We know J&J has on-going efforts. There are lots of efforts going on. We won’t sit and let somebody else control our faith forever if nobody does this we will give more involved if we see a product that is going very, very well. We haven’t found anything that we wanted to commit to yet. We support all the artificial pancreas programs or sensors. We support our pump partners, but we’re cognize of it, some were cognizant of The fact that we need to play here. We’ve got the best sensor in World. Our patients are going to love this. We’re going to have to offer something to them.
Anthony Petrone: Thanks gentlemen. Maybe a follow up for Kevin on no calibration and accuracy and I was thinking ahead as you attempt to do that from a manufacturing standpoint I imagine it would be a little bit of a higher cost manufacturing endeavor so I guess the question is what is DexCom willing to give up in terms of margins in order to achieve reduce to no calibrations coupled with improved accuracy.
Anthony Petrone: So that’s helpful and maybe if we just switch gears to maybe coverage of the chronologists you are adding to sales capability, maybe just an update on how much room for expansion in the U.S. particularly is there as it relates to adding new practices and then maybe an update on the average penetration of CGM into existing practices.
Anthony Petrone: That’s helpful. And just last from me, just a clarification on the share eco system is that an open architecture where eventually that data can be shared with competing offering, do they come down the road or is the data that’s capture in share only compatible with the DexCom CGM therefore it cannot be accessed by competing companies.
