Terry Gregg: Thank you and thank you for joining us today for our third quarter earnings conference call. Joining me today is Steve Pacelli, our chief operating officer, and Jess Roper, chief financial officer. I'm going to have Steve lead it off and give our Safe Harbors. 
Terry Gregg: We've already done the legacy with the Gen4 and the pivotal trial, but because they asked for additional not only sensor information, we've elected now to do the next trial as a brand new system in terms of the Gen4, which hasn't changed. That will be added on to the clinical data that they already have, plus the new hardware, the new transmitter as well as global receiver.
Terry Gregg: Yes. I think if you look at this whole area with regards to 510(k), back a few months ago they - they being FDA - issued new pump proposed guidance. That said, in the creation between class 2a products and class 2b products, and pumps, insulin pumps, other pumps, LVPs, were also included in this proposed class 2. The class 2 now requires under the guidance proposal, and then I'll add the fact that they're actually using that in rejecting 510(k) applications from pump companies today, even though it's a guidance document, not officially sanctioned guidelines, that that requires clinical trial in the actual pumping of insulin. So we have to go through that, yes, with the Animas product.
Terry Gregg: Well, that's three different systems, four possibly, as we related to it. I think in the case of, let's start with Gen4, that's most near and dear to our hearts today. We will respond to the agency in the early part of next year. Can't give you an absolute date when we expect to have that filing. If, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we still fall under that 180-day review, the expectation would be late next year we could introduce a product in the U.S.  Again, I caution everyone. This is a moving target as it relates to the FDA and anything I'm saying here is trying to look through a crystal ball that is quite cloudy.  And I think then if you look at Animas as the next combination, since it is using Gen4, we can't get that combo product approved certainly until the Gen4 product is approved in the United States. But as I mentioned, we have already filed the Gen4 with the agency. We've filed it with our notified body. I think getting it into the international sector in the first half of next year is something that is very doable. Unfortunately, then it puts us in a position where the U.S. is a secondary market to the European sector for that combination product.  And the same is in the Edwards Lifesciences. [inaudible] prepared remarks say that if the agency is going to come back and force us to do more work on the Gen1, that was never intended to be a fully commercializable version. That was to gain awareness and understanding at the user level and to then come forth with a Gen2 product as a full commercializable product. That is still the intent, I think given what Mike said in the Edwards remarks and what I said earlier today, we would look to introduce that in the European sector late next year, towards the fourth quarter of next year. The Insulet situation's a bit more difficult to describe, only from the standpoint that Insulet's got to make some decisions as to what they want to do going forward, either to move forward with the SEVEN Plus, or if they make the decision to go to Gen4 or even Gen5 for the future product as they look at their own economic situation and make that decision if they're going to combine that with their next generation system. I think those discussions are ongoing, no definitive answers have come of that. I'll just tell you my opinion is if I were driving the ship, I'd be launching with the SEVEN Plus, because I would certainly want to have some cannibalization going on of the existing pump combo by Medtronic. But I don't make that decision. 
Terry Gregg: We're still at this point in discussion with the agency with regards to Gen1, and once we have a definitive answer from them as to what they're really looking for, then that will be the basis for what we do with Gen2 in the U.S. But let's assume for discussion that they're going to ask us to do more systems testing and more additional clinical work on the Gen1. That doesn't make sense on a product that we only intended as an introduction just to gain experience with, so we would move much faster to Gen2. Therefore, under that scenario, Gen2 in the U.S would be a 2012 product, and my guess at this point, given what I know, following the Gen2, E.U. introduction. But again, I don't have good analytics on that yet, because we don't have all the information from the Food and Drug Administration yet.
Terry Gregg: I think I mentioned in the prepared remarks, yes there are, if you look back at the agreement, there's a $2.5 million Gen2 CE mark, and a $5 million Gen2 FDA approval and then a $2 million Gen2 Japan approval. So I think the question is on the Gen1 FDA approval of $2.5 million, plus some additional developmental dollars, that's what has to be reworked in the contract.
Terry Gregg: No. You know, in the world of glucose metering, there's a lot of debate that's going on with regard to the current ISO standard, and so, as you know, there was first the PQQ enzyme issue and then there was a recommendation that the ISO standard be tightened. That has not been officially done, and so the agency has yet to give us clear targets as to what their requirements are. Therein lies some of our problem. They don't know what they want yet, and so therefore it's kind of hard for us to plan accordingly, even to initiate additional bench top work or even additional clinical work. We don't know what the target is. And I don't think they yet know what the target is. So it's a little bit of a conundrum, and very frustrating for the industry to try to target something that is yet to be defined.
Terry Gregg: It all boils down to more patients coming in, so that's the start of the cycle. Certainly our, I won't call it the backlog, but the folks that are in line as they come in to our - we call them opportunities. That flow has increased. Certainly both from pump patients as well as from MDI patients. I think we're still running, the last survey, around 60% pumps, 40% MDI patients. I think an increasing number of patients are using the product more consistently and that's - the term we use is stickiness from the standpoint that we're seeing more patients who use the product 24/7 rather than either not using the product 24/7 or even deciding not to use the product at all. And so I think that's all contributing to this growth.  I also think there's just greater awareness of CGM as a category, so we're beginning to get exposure beyond the traditional just endocrinology group treating Type 1 patients. We see referrals coming in from internal medicine, from family practice and general practitioners that are now much more aware of CGM as a category. Obviously, having the AACE group come out with a positive recommendation is huge because many of the folks who are non-endocrinology specialists but have large diabetes practices look to AACE for their recommendations of treatment therapies.  So I think it's just a whole combination of our product is performing extremely well. We're producing the best sensors in the history of this company in terms of accuracy, durability, and just the general robustness. Each quarter we intend to get better, just as we increase in volume and move to more of a manufacturing controlled environment, less variability. And at the same time you've got a growing awareness of CGM as an instrumental tool in reducing the amount of glycemic variability for those patients. So there's no one thing that is driving it. I think it's a combination.
Terry Gregg: When we look at the opportunities from a reduction in COGS. That's really at the sensor level, more so than at the hardware level. We do expect to see some reduction by moving to China, but when we talk about the great reductions, that's really Gen4 manufacturing when we talk about COGS. I think there is some 5%-10% upside moving to China on the hardware side, but again, that's why we were stressing to move into Gen4. That's why we ran the pivotal trial with legacy hardware from that standpoint because there were so many benefits on the manufacturing scalability of Gen4. So we're having to postpone that as a result of the agency delay. But the hardware is as I've stated.
Terry Gregg: They're supposed to wear it a week at a time, the indication for use. And that's all we promote and recommend. That said, obviously even by evidence of some of the questions that FDA is asking us on the Gen4, and their comments to us that DexCom we know the patients traditionally wear your sensor for a longer period of time than the recommended use. As a result of that, they've asked us to do some additional testing relative to indwelling time in patients of a longer nature.  So I would say, and I can only reflect on, that if you look at people like Close Concerns that have indicated some in their surveys over 75% of the patients on DexCom tend to wear it routinely and vigorously. And that's what we're continuing to see, those types of reorder patterns, which would indicate the patients when they go off or they cease wearing a sensor regardless of what the timeframe is that they immediately put a new sensor on and activate it. So we're beginning to see that continue to creep up, and I think that's positive. That's where we're seeing that stickiness.
Terry Gregg: There's a meeting next week in Bethesda at the Diabetes Technology meeting. I don't know if Dr. [inaudible] is going to be presenting. We know that the last patient should be enrolled this month, so I wouldn't expect anything. At best we would get interim data next week, and I doubt it. I think given the nature - it's a hundred patient clinical trial for a year, type 2 patient, half on SMBG, half on CGM. My suspicion is that he's going to want not to disclose information. He probably wants to present it at ADA here in San Diego in June, and wants to not jeopardize having it in a major peer review journal. But that's the only status I know.
Terry Gregg: Let's date back for a period of time. FDA's never had the opportunity because of the 510(k) mechanism, to push these companies in this direction. It's the pump companies, so we have to separate this. They want to see insulin being pumped. It has very little to do with DexCom. It has almost everything to do with the pump side of the equation and then the integration. We've done all the human factors work that we needed to do, showing that patients could use the different streams, they could toggle between them effectively. They understood all of those applications.  So now it's once these pump guidelines went into place and Dr. Hamburg has stated publically that the reason that they want to move pumps into this class 2B is because over the last few years there have been over 50,000 reported MDRs for pump problems, both in insulin pumps reported by insulin groups as well as people like Baxter, CareFusion, and Hospira, and their large-volume pumps in the hospital. So we have to, even though you have a 510(k) notified pump that's been on the market and you have a PMA approved CGM that's been on the market for a number of years, they now take this opportunity, they being the agency, to say aha, now they want you to do this, which they should have been doing all along.  I can't really - and remember I've spent nine years in the pump world - I can't really fault the agency from that standpoint, and I've long said it amazed me that the pumps were 510(k) products that carry around anywhere from 180 to 300 units of insulin, which is a potentially lethal amount of insulin. And so they were never quite required to do all the types of clinical evaluation that other more significant risk devices were subject to. So I think it's just the agency flexing their muscle, saying now we have a right to know. Remember, Dr. Hamburg, publically, it is FDA's responsibility to promote and protect humans in a clinical setting into the 21st century. And they're exercising their muscle.
Terry Gregg: No, I think it's just that's part of the require - we've got to go back to them, Insulet and DexCom make a decision as to the path forward, go back to them, secure their prior approval of the clinical trial protocol, and then move forward from there. I can tell you I was at the [inaudible] two weeks ago, Dr. Hamburg spoke there, and made a recommendation to 1,700 attendees that whatever they're doing they want to be part of the protocol development process. So we can fight them or we can work in a collaborative fashion. We, DexCom, have elected to work with them in a collaborative fashion and present those in advance, those protocols.
Terry Gregg: No. Actually if anything we've seen a couple of the blues modify their criteria to make it easier. And we think that's going to continue to move in that direction and then on top of that you have AACE coming out last month with a very strong statement, so I don't see any of that. The data is irrefutable, no matter where you look. Anything associated with CGM shows two things: number one, you can reduce your A1C significantly without the increase in hypoglycemia, and the second, the more you use it, the better the results. The one thing we'd still like to see, obviously, is an economic analysis applied to that that shows the payer system, which we believe wholeheartedly that there will be a reduction in the payments for patients with diabetes in terms of the consequences of diabetes in terms of the morbidity clinical complications as a result of better glycemic control.
Terry Gregg: No. I think our strategy stays the course. I think our pump partners have an incentive, appropriate incentive, that even without a combined system at this point for them, knowing that it is on the horizon, it's just the horizon got a little bit further out, that they are highly motivated to get their pumps. And so there's still today more of an informal effort, but we're still getting referrals from our pump partners, and I think that's still the strategy and course of direction we'll choose to take.
Terry Gregg: No, I think if you look at the hardware, typically these would be relatively small PMA supplemental filings. From the hardware standpoint you look at what are you doing, the stream's the same, it's really the form factor is smaller. You've gone to a color screen versus an LED that we use now. We tried to keep it as much the same in terms of the screens and what the patient would see in order to avoid that potential problem. We will do a human factors evaluation, which is required regardless. If we're combining it in a single filing if we had to do we would submit that anyhow. That's a standard requirement. The transmitter is for all purposes it's an improved transmitter. We get greater range. There's just some nice attributes to it. But again, from the FDA's standpoint it's no real change from what we're doing today. We're moving from, on the transmitter, from 402 MHz to 2.4 GHz, but it's a standard transmission that they see all the time. So as long as we're able to do the basic fundamental testing, we know what that is and satisfy that, I don't believe that that makes it any more complicated at all. It's really the Gen4 sensor has been the bulk of them asking for more information.
Terry Gregg: [Laughter.] Well, I've been doing this for 40 years, and I will tell you this is the worst that I've ever seen it in 40 years of medical device experience, and I think most CEOs would echo my comment. I don't think we're at the end. I think it will be interesting to see with the election the way that it went yesterday, how much more pressure is brought to bear. We've already seen a dozen or so Congress people respond in a very negative way. While I was in DC a couple of weeks ago, I went to Congressman Bill Brady's office to meet with his chief of staff up on the hill to talk about us as an employer in San Diego and a growing entity, and there were lots of industry people up on Capitol Hill visiting their local Congress people to express the same kind of concerns and sentiment. So time will tell. We saw this before, not like this. We saw this during the Clinton administration with David Kessler. That was more of an enforcement-minded. This is more big government, we know what's best for you and you saw how the voters responded to that kind of philosophy yesterday. So it's a timing issue. But if we're stuck with this no matter what, my guess is 2-4 years.
Terry Gregg: I've not seen any public response. There was a meeting this week in Cleveland, I believe Dr. Hamburg spoke from that. We have an individual on our staff that was there. She did not comment on anything that Dr. Hamburg spoke of relative to that letter from the various Congress people.
Terry Gregg: Well, it's interesting because we did, in fact, complete a pediatric trial with Gen4. The results were outstanding. We finished that trial before we got the letter from the agency asking for more information on Gen4 in the adult population. So we've got to go back there. I'm not quite sure what we do with this pediatric clinical trial information, if it will be sufficient or if they will require us to do another clinical trial. Don't know the answer.
Terry Gregg: Well, yeah. We don't see any of that right now. All the flexible spending accounts and so forth, we're not seeing any of that. Obviously, we've got Q1 looming in front of us, and I would say again that typically in the durable medical equipment business Q1 is soft, and we expect that January even into February if it's a repeat of last year, January was very soft. Half of February was soft, and then we started roaring back in the second half of February, and March was an outstanding month. I'm predicting, and internally we're anticipating, that that's going to be a repeat of last year into the first quarter. But right now nothing that we're seeing, and just the opposite. We're showing a strong fourth quarter as we expected.
Terry Gregg: That's what happened this year, so unless something changes in the healthcare environment that would alter that, it's pretty predictable.
Terry Gregg: It's in lock step with the Gen4. That's our [inaudible]. Once the Gen4 gets filed, the Animas Gen4 combination will be filed very quickly thereafter.
Terry Gregg: Yes. I think they've just looked at the regulatory landscape for J&J, not just Animas, and that this is what we're going to have to live with and we need to get that product out in the market wherever they're allowed to first, so we've jointly said we would go out into the European market first.
Terry Gregg: We've seen that stay pretty consistent over the last several quarters. Listen, I'm not going to give guidance percent-wise. We're four days into November, we've got October behind us. We're happy with what we're seeing, both from the patients we've already shipped, and with what's in the opportunity going forward. I've been out in the field recently. I'm happy with what I'm hearing out there from the prescribers and our sales force, so I would just say, again, each quarter I say we should do more than we did the last quarter. I'll say Q1's always the toughest, so that's soft, but certainly going into the fourth quarter we should see sequential growth from the third quarter, and I would probably get fired if we don't. So I am highly motivated.
Terry Gregg: Just a couple. In summary, we have created a very special company, and we are being rewarded by the patients we serve and the healthcare providers we help. CGM continues to become more important in the therapy armamentarium to combat the complications of diabetes and excessive glycemic variability. DexCom is the continuous glucose sensor of choice by healthcare professionals. We are the technology leader, and we expect to maintain our leadership position in the future with our Gen4, Gen5, and future technologies. We are the sensor of choice in more than a dozen artificial pancreas projects around the world, and there is a reason that we are the sensor of choice. Thank you.  
Steve Pacelli: Thanks Terry. Some of the statements that we will make in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements reflect management's expectations about future events, operating plans, and performance and speak only as of the date hereof. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A list of factors that could cause actual results to be materially different from those expressed or implied by any of these forward-looking statements is detailed under risk factors and elsewhere in our annual repost on Form 10-K, our quarterly report on our Form 10-Q, and our other reports filed at SEC, we undertake no obligation to update publicly or revive these forward-looking statements for any reason. Thanks Terry. 
Steve Pacelli: Thom, just to clarify actually, you're referring to the Insulet combination. Insulet, as you'll recall, is paired with the SEVEN Plus. The Animas product, when complete and filed, will be paired the Gen4 sensor.
Steve Pacelli: No, not specifically. Our current contract does not provide for access to our future technologies, but certainly we're open to discussing that with them. Be it, as Terry mentioned, Gen4 or potentially even Gen5 depending on the development timelines there. I think the big question is whether we push forward hard and fast with the current developed product, which incorporates the Gen3 technology versus looking at something that would require some additional development time and expense and some additional clinical work. So that's really a decision for the Insulet team at this point.
Steve Pacelli: Yeah, it is a project that we're currently undertaking. It's a 2011 project for sure. It will be launched, and I can't give you an exact time in 2011. It will be launched first with respect to reorders and then sort of get rolled out incrementally for reorders first, and then for new patients to the therapy.
Steve Pacelli: I think that's right. There's some additional spend that we'll occur during the first part of next year as we look to enhance some of these clinical trials. We'll do an expanded Gen4 trial. We'll get to the trial with Animas, etc. So I would say that, and mindful that we need, and I hope Terry emphasized it sufficiently, we need to keep our eye on innovation and on the Gen5. So certainly the R&D dollars are not going to go down particularly in the first part of next year, but flat to slight uptick from where we are today I think is reasonable. And I think as you get out into the 2012, 2013 timeframe is where you start to see that come down.
Steve Pacelli: Yes, that's correct. When we're talking about margin we're talking about building in this case sensors as well as hardware, so when we shut down the line in January for those first two weeks we'll build up some additional sensors. There's some overhead that we'll absorb in that. We'd expect kind of in the range of 1-3 margin points that we might have higher Q4 and then there would be a little softening in Q1 as we don't need to build as many sensors.
Steve Pacelli: That's the whole purpose of building up this inventory. Without giving specifics, we have plenty of runway, and that's really been the exercise that we're undertaking here with some of the inventory. The hardware we started to build in the third quarter and will continue in the fourth.
Steve Pacelli: Just for some color, I don't know if you've been following the company quite as long, but if you look back historically, back when we were a cash pay business, our [inaudible] were in the $400-$500 range. It crept up into the $600 range, so I think we've done an outstanding job, our contracting team has done an outstanding job, of moving that ASP to where it is today, creeping into that $800 range. I don't know how much room there is to go quite honestly. But as long as we can maintain that positive ASP we're pretty pleased with our pricing.
Jess Roper: We exited the quarter at $32 million, and still another $17 million due us from the milestone payments. The million we should get from Animas this year and $4 million in the first half from Animas as we hit that milestone in the first part of next year for OUS. We're always looking at it from this standpoint. Obviously we're sensitive to our cash needs. We discuss it with the board routinely, and we keep an eye on the ball from that standpoint. But that's about the only way I can address it. I always remain [inaudible] myself, but we have to do what's in the best interest of the company.
Jess Roper: And I think that's reflected in our path forward with Animas. Rather than staying the course that we had charted in terms of the clinical trial that we were anticipating conducting before the end of this year, and filing with Animas, we took a step back and we're going to work collaboratively with the FDA to get that clinical protocol blessed before we jump into the trial with Animas. So we think we can out of the gate do it the right way the first time.
Jess Roper: It's a non-issue. We monitor the opportunities. There are basically mathematical models that we use. We know when an opportunity comes in, how fast we, depending upon the insurance that that opportunity or that patient has, how fast we can get them through the system. Actually it's all home built. It's not something you can buy off the shelf. You have to build the software program. We've increased our sales numbers and throughput without increasing the back office folks, so it's been quite effective and efficient.
Jess Roper: If you look we added about roughly $2.3 million in inventory. Most of that in Q3 was hardware-related. We'll add, don't have an exact number, another million or two, probably in Q4, between the mix of hardware and sensors.
Jess Roper: We've got opportunities to amend our contracts with some of the payers and then the new payers that we entered into were in a more favorable pricing than we were initially when we started this a couple of years ago.
Jess Roper: That's a good question. I don't know if I would count on just continued pricing forever, but we've had some good traction so far.
