Kevin Sayer: Well, I'll start with G7. Then I'll let Quentin and Jereme take over the benefit expansion. I mean, with respect to G7 we're very deliberate about what we disclose. We have filed for CE Mark and we are on schedule for that we hit our goal there. And we are now gathering the data from the U.S pivotal study. It was a much larger study than the data it was presented at ATDD. However, the trial was run under actually what we think are improved protocols from what we ran before. So we have no reason not -- to not expect great data. We believe the product will be very robust. We will make sure that we deliver that file in a very pristine manner. We hear a lot of things about FDA delays and things of that nature. We don't want to create delays, it's been our experience over time, and we deliver what the FDA expects, they move very quickly and they’re very cooperative with us. We have no reason to believe the file we're preparing isn't going to meet those expectations, or moving along those lines. So again, with the CE Mark filing, we're on track for an OUS launch later this year. And we'll update you more on the U.S as time goes on.
Kevin Sayer: Yes, Robbie, with respect to your question or comments on the OUS business. Look, there was strength really across the board in that entire portfolio of ours. So we're very encouraged by what we're seeing there, primarily on the heels of awareness just continuing to grow. To be honest with you, I don't think we've seen the benefit yet of the increased access that we spoke to, really back in the first quarter and the team has made incredible progress. And working with the payers and negotiating these contracts, I'd say we are through 90% or so of those, all landing in favorable positions where we've probably increased or improved access for nearly a million patients in the first half of the year alone, and thaw OUS business. But the reality is that benefits not going to show up until the back half of the year. So the strength in the second quarter, I wouldn't attribute that to the increased access just yet. But we're very excited about how we're positioned as we go into the back half of the year around those access efforts.
Kevin Sayer: Sure. So I'll jump on that first one, Bob. We are talking the exact same thing there. In terms of the fact that we've negotiated or work through the majority of those negotiations through the course of the second quarter. More than 90% or so of them behind us all landing in favorable positions relative to improving the access for the patients reducing the administrative, burdens that were there. So that folks can get on the technology a whole lot easier. So very bullish around where we're at, and creating incremental access for our patients, and how that sets up into the back half of the year. The pricing assumptions have come right in line with what we expected as we were going into it, no surprises there. So from our perspective, all those very positive on that front.
Kevin Sayer: Sure. So the full year guidance around pricing or channel mix headwinds is still the same. And so the $200 million on what we call the original shift mix primarily in the U.S., It's still the same in the second quarter. It came in a little bit lighter than the first quarter but generally in line and so I think we're seeing that stable and we talked about at the beginning you're being pretty stable throughout the course of the year. To your point on the international incremental headwinds about the access for price conversation that has started its back half loaded. We certainly will have some of those in the first half of next year, as we anniversary, some of those contracts of the $250 million we talked about was really the impact on 2021. And so you'll see the 50 million in the back half of the year, there will be a little of that into 2022. We'll get more into that in the future. But that will happen over a 12 month period.
Kevin Sayer: Yes, sure, absolutely happy to take it. So the way to think about Q3 and by default, you'll back into Q4, Q3 generally is not that impacted by changing and shifts and dynamic. In fact, I think for the past few years, you've generally seen it right around that 26% of full year revenue. And we expect the same to happen this year. So I think that'll help you at least think about Q3 and in the balance of the year. We do expect Q4 to have less of a weighting, you saw it in Q1 as a result of the move to the pharmacy where the year gets a little bit less seasonal. I think you'll expect the same in Q4 where you don't have folks in the DME channel rushing to meet benefits. So I do think you'll see -- as we've talked about before, as we make move -- more move -- more and more moves to the pharmacy, less heavy weighting on Q4 and less lightweighting on Q1 and start to move out of that seasonality. But hopefully I give you some context. Q3 in the near-term, we do expect Q3 to mirror that of prior periods, which is generally in that 26% seasonality.
Kevin Sayer: That's a great question. I'll take that one. We're not going to give you color on the specific countries, because we don't want to -- for competitive reasons, we don't release the playbook. But we are on track for that. And as we look going forward, it is a very interesting question for us and one for us to debate. How do we use our G6 capacity while we're bringing up G7 lines at the same time, because the two don't intersect. We believe we'll have a market for G6 for quite some time. While we're going to do a global launch and go very quickly, there will be places where G7 isn't going to be available immediately. Our partners are going to take a while to catch up on the automated insulin delivery side. We're working with them now on G7, but we've got it, we've still got some G6 for him to go there. And there's some countries where we aren't yet or some geographies where we need to get started where we can offer G6 in those areas while we sell G7 in others. So we are planning this. It's one of our areas of great debate. And I think we'll manage as best we can. We won't be bashful about taking down GE six lines of G7 is ready to go and is the home run we think it's going to be and we've got several in fairness, Quentin and his operating relations team, along with our R&D guys have developed some absolutely spectacular manufacturing methods for G7. They can give us a tremendous amount of flexibility to expand there very, very quickly and very thoughtfully. So we'll monitor that very, very closely. That's a really good question and something we think about a lot here.
Kevin Sayer: Sure. Yes, we'll take that question. And I think there's probably two data points that we can give you that will help you -- get your arms around, the feedback we're seeing. First off, Q2 was a record quarter for new patient adds. So we're continuing to see record new patient adds, no doubt in many ways driven by the work we're doing around DTC and Sales force as well as samples. So I think you’ve got certainly a data point, that's helpful. The other piece is, is over the past 18 months, we've doubled the active prescribers of our product. And no doubt as we get out and get into the field and see endocrinologists, but also primary care physicians, the work we're doing around expanding that access has yielded really incredible benefits for the amount of prescribers that are out there that are one aware and two prescribing our product. I think those two things are just clear indications of the investments we're making in the awareness in the DTC, in the sales force is paying off. And hopefully that gives you some context, of course, looking at the quarter's revenue performance also helps as well. So those all data points, I think, really give you some color as to why we think it's still an incredible investment and why we think the returns still are some of the best in the business.
Kevin Sayer: Sure. Yes, so there's two that are the biggest. The first one is some of the international pricing. You're correct. Does some of that plays through -- we'll have a little bit of pressure on margin. The other one is the launch of G7. When we launched G7, those lines won't be at full capacity. And they won't be at full yields. Just like when we launched G6, and we launched some of the automation around G6, it took a little bit of time to work through some of the kinks on these automated lines. And while we still expect incredible output out -- right out the gate, that's going to cost us a little bit more. And so I think what you're seeing is some of the international access, but then when we launched G7 and those lines start to appreciate the cost of producing those in that shorter period are going to be a little bit higher. To your question is that transitory, all the work that the team is doing around the capability of manufacturing at high capacity as well as high yields, all of that will bounce back and play through. And if this quarter is any demonstration of how good they are, you can see the margins that you see this quarter have shown that this team does an incredible job of yielding out these lines over time. And we expect that to turn around with G7 into the future. But there will be some time as we launched G7 as we get those lines up and running, where there will be a little bit of weight just similar to what we had with G6 that we're going to have to navigate through. But again, I think we're still super bullish on the capability and we're super proud of the team and really expecting that team to do an incredible job as we launched G7.
Kevin Sayer: We feel very good about coverage we have there. On the commercial side, it's up over 80% of the intensive type 2 patients now covered for commercial payers plus the Medicare coverage. So we have that it covers a number of these patients already. So access for these patients isn't going to be a problem. It's now all about awareness. We went and double the size of our sales force at the beginning of this year. So we get access to more primary care physicians who do see a lot of the insulin using type 2 patients. And we've seen great results from that team. We've had a huge increase in the number of prescribers of our product over the course of this year. So that is a big win. For us it's about getting to him and explain to him what technology is available. We think this market will be every bit as penetrated as type 1 at some point in time. We view it as a very strong opportunity.
Kevin Sayer: Yes, and with respect to the integrated systems, we're very excited for these opportunities. I actually made it out in the field last week. There is a whole bunch of pent-up demand for Omnipod 5. People are very ready for it. They've been ready for it for a long time and we're looking forward to that day as well on the Tandem side. We know they're working on new products and have new projects. I think the best thing I can talk about with Tandem is, just a recent story. I got a note on my computer. Somebody wanted to give me a Facebook message and it was person who told me it's been 22 years on Medtronic systems and is now on Tandem Control-IQ with DexCom and he has never been healthier never had a lower A1c. Never had better, he said my whole life has changed because this system is amazing. So we believe the integrated systems driven by DexCom sensors are game changers. People get accurate sensors, information that can take these sophisticated algorithms and make proper decisions. We're very bullish and optimistic on both these opportunities going forward. Very excited.
Kevin Sayer: Yes, this is Kevin, I'll handle the CLARITY piece. With the live API, the patient still has to run the DexCom app in the background. So the data will go straight to CLARITY and it will be there as is now. The better question is will we ever have a CLARITY type system for those who don't have the same needs as intensive insulin users. And I think over time, you'll see us migrate our tools to that platform. Hence, you heard these guys talk about software investments over the last half of the year. And as we look at 2022, we see the same. We're quickly becoming a software company in addition to a sensor company. It's very exciting there. Quentin, do you want to talk …
Kevin Sayer: I think you're right on target. It does take about 6 to 9 months for everybody to get to speed. The one thing we are saying, if I can just give you one trend though, is we try and expand our coverage into the PCP offices where we haven't been before. It's a lot of work. We haven't been there. And as we knock on doors, it's taken these guys a while to get appointments. Once they get in, we're finding the physicians do not know a whole lot about DexCom. And if anything, we totally validated our assumptions. In this expansion, we had to get out there, we had to get more feet on the street and more faces to be as competitive as we want it to and to achieve our goals.
Kevin Sayer: Thank you very much. And thank you everybody for participating in and listening to our earnings report today. In summary, this was a quarter of tremendous accomplishment. Just under $600 million in revenue for this quarter with our highest ever absolute revenue and dollar increase when compared to the previous year's quarter. Our worldwide field and access expansion efforts are working exactly the way we planned. Positioning is very well for the rest of 2021 and beyond. 70% gross margins during a period of continued plan annual revenue per patient reductions to increase global access for all diabetes customers, new record operating income during a period of increased investment and what I believe is the most robust product pipeline we've ever had. G7 progress continues. Very important measurable milestones have been achieved on schedule this quarter. And there's nothing like being around here as we approach a deadline. It is just energizing. Other projects here made great progress as well. And finally, we are laying the groundwork for our future growth with irrefutable fact based clinical evidence. This technology will have a major impact in health care all over the world. Thanks, everybody and have a great day.
Quen Blackford: And, Bob, with respect to the MOBILE study, obviously, we're very excited about it. Just a little time has passed here. We also have a bunch of other analyses on this data that are coming that will support our position on basal insulin reimbursement for these patients. It's time to get the word out. Now, I think one of the big areas here is going to be CMS discussions down the line because a lot of these patients fall into the Medicare bucket. Haven't done any of that yet, but we are looking forward and we're preparing because this day yet, it's just but we are looking forward. Thank you.
Quen Blackford: Yes, what I would say is, look, our confidence level continues to increase and our ability to keep it in that mid 60s range that we've guided to long-term. Is there the opportunity to take it north of there over time? If so you can bet on it that we're going to flow that through and give that up if possible. But look, we're in the midst of evaluating a lot of different potential business models. As you look at the whole type 2 non-intensive space as it opens up. We're looking at the international business continue to expand in a significant way. Pharmacy access continues to grow. All of these things are going to continue to put a bit of pressure on the gross margin profile. But if you saw the way that we were able to take cost out of the product from a design perspective and improve the process efficiencies around manufacturing this, your confidence level only increases and where we can keep that gross margin over time. So we're incredibly excited by what we're seeing, a lot of that doesn't contemplate the fact that over time, you probably see us move into a 15 day where cycle on the product itself, and so there's significant benefits that come there also. So, again, a bit back to Jeremy's point earlier, this is not an area that we're going to get ahead of ourselves. But we feel like we have the flexibility we need to really get after the market opportunities that present themselves and still deliver a very attractive gross margin profile in this business.
Quen Blackford: So maybe I'll start with the reaction. The reaction has been incredibly positive, I think folks understand and desire to see the real time information coming into their tools and being able to put that into the hands of the patients, the more real time that information is, the more reactive the patient can be to that information and improve their outcomes over time. And I think, we're incredibly bullish in the sense that we believe we have the capability in a platform to build these tools off of. And that's exactly where we want to be, we want to provide as much input to these tools as we possibly can and work with as many partners as possible. I think from the very beginning, we've always had a bit of a different approach to the value of information, data and software in particular. And what you're seeing play out right now is part of that vision that we've had there and the approval of the real time API, we've invested heavily in the ability to produce this capability. We understand the importance of interoperability, the importance of putting information in the hands of the patients. That's who DexCom is. And you're going to continue to see us invest in that area and really use it as a differentiator. In terms of how that evolves into the future and, is there opportunity to create value in that, monetization of the data stream or the real time API, those are all things will evaluate over time. That's not our strategy today. Today, it's all about improving outcomes for patients that's going to show up in the way of incremental sensor sales over time. And we're very happy with that approach. But it leaves us with some great flexibility.
Quen Blackford: Yes, so there was no stocking in the quarter, nothing out of the normal. Everybody was at normal levels. In terms of your question on a blended number, I'm not sure what you're referring to. Certainly, we have a price dynamic of around the $250 million. When we say price, it's really more channel. But we want to make sure we're very clear. It's really that shift in channel as well as the international access. We also talked about unit volumes. And I'm not sure if you're referencing that, but our unit volumes on the quarter the growth year-over-year were in the mid 40% range. And so certainly a strong unit volume growth quarter. So hopefully that answers your question. And if you have any other certainly follow-up, we can happy to be -- happy to clarify.
Quen Blackford: We don't break it out. That's our global number. But we can tell you that the growth on unit volume was strong in both the U.S and outside the U.S.
Quen Blackford: Yes, I'll speak to the Malaysia question. Kevin, will jump on the last part of that. With respect to Malaysia, it will not be exclusive -- G7 will not be exclusive to that location. We will start with G7 here in the States, both in San Diego and Mesa. As a matter of fact, lines are there as we speak and will continue to ramp up there into the back part of this year and into next year as well. As Malaysia comes online and the buildings up out of the ground, and we've validated the clean room and the capability there will begin to build out the G7 capability there as well. So we'll have G7 in both locations over time. That's going to give us an opportunity to produce north of 200 million sensors all together. And when you think about the distribution of those sensors, and where they're going both in the U.S and internationally speaking, I think it makes a lot of sense to continue to have that capability here in the States as well in Malaysia, particularly when you start to look at the logistical distribution costs associate with moving that product around in the volumes that we're talking. So it will exist in both locations. I do think over time, the lower cost profile will come out of that Malaysia business. That's a big part of the value proposition there. But that's going to let us serve a lot of those international markets very effectively and efficiently.
Quen Blackford: Yes, in terms of the partners, I mean, you think about the Teladoc Livongo's diabetes program, the UnitedHealth, the Welldoc and Garmin, these are partners that we've had established relationships with in the past. There is a little bit of integration work that goes into providing the real time API and the connection into their systems. These were the easy ones out of the gate that really sync up with and get programs going with. But I think the important thing is we want to be a foundation that we can provide this sort of information into many programs out there, and really improve the outcomes for the patients themselves. And I don't think we can be better positioned to be able to do that right now. So incredibly thrilled with where it's at, and expect more partners to be lining up.
Quen Blackford: Yes, I can take that. So, at first, there's -- these all really needed to be done in conjunction. But the immediate one that you get returns on is, obviously, awareness. And awareness comes in many forms and factors, but clearly through DTC. I think at this point, they all go hand in hand because you're making folks aware, you're getting out into the physician's office, you're making the physician aware certainly through your rep and through the Hello DexCom program, people are getting the opportunity to trial it. And so we all -- we did them all together. So maybe early out the gate, DTC was the immediate shot in the arm, but at this point, they're all really contributing in conjunction. And so that's the way we think about it. Over the longer haul, you think that feet on the street are going to be incredibly important as these physicians need to have relationships with folks in conjunction with all the other offerings that we provide. We have to validate that over time, Kevin referenced it was we get in front of these doctors, we're educating them, but the way I think about it as DTC was the immediate more quick return. But I think at this point, they're all contributing equally.
