Kevin Ronald Sayer: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to the DexCom second quarter 2015 earnings call. We'll start with our Safe Harbor statement by Steve Pacelli.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Thanks, Steve. Joining me today are Jess Roper, our Chief Financial Officer, and Steve Pacelli, our Executive Vice President of Strategy and Corporate Development. I will ask Steve to kick off this call with a review of our detailed second quarter 2015 financial results, and I will follow with our customary operations update and offer some concluding thoughts before opening the line for questions. But before I turn the call over to Steve, I want to take a moment to talk about several key operational milestones we achieved during the second quarter. We continue to experience phenomenal growth. Our revenues in Q2 alone were approximately the same as we achieved for all of fiscal 2012. Our blended gross margins exceeded 70% and our cash based net income increased at a rate of more than four times our top-line revenue growth. Our first major awareness campaign kicked off during the quarter with the launch of our Nick Jonas promotional video. Nick made several major television appearances to discuss the role of DexCom CGM in his diabetes care. And we have two major pharmacy wins during the quarter, with both UnitedHealthcare and Anthem agreeing to process CGM as a pharmacy benefit. We expect to continue to expand our efforts on this front with the goal of processing the vast majority of our business through the pharmacy channel over the next several years. More from me later. I'll now turn the call over to Steve.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Thanks. That's a very good question. This is Kevin, I will take that. Let's start with the pumps versus MDI mix. Still a majority of our patients come from the insulin pump world, but we are seeing an increase in MDI patients. We haven't totally moved the needle away from our 60:40 split that we talked about earlier. I think the traction Vibe has generated has helped us. Also the number of new pump starts on Tandem and Insulet as they both gain a little more traction, it appears, in the marketplace help us because those patients migrate to our sensors. So we've had good success there. So they're coming from across the board. With respect to patient groups, we certainly can't walk away from the good that the Pediatric launch has done for us. I was at a show in a meeting in Florida, children with diabetes, and a guy was giving a speech about all the therapies available for diabetes. And he asked all the peds and their parents in the room who use CGM, and a bunch of hands went up. And he asked how many use DexCom, and no hands went down. So we've done very well in the peds market, but it's very much been across the board.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Everything we do helps sustain this growth Robbie, and I don't think anybody can underestimate how difficult it is to grow a business this quickly. To grow a business this fast, you have to have new thing after new thing after new thing that enhances the patient experience to get deeper into the patient community. Gen 5 is that next step. We believe the data going straight to a phone will enable patients not to carry an extra thing around in their pocket and will be very helpful. But we also know the next step after that: we have to make it more convenient, we have to eliminate calibrations and the hassle factor, and we have to continue to maintain our excellent level of accuracy. All those things matters, and we address every one of those things every time we iterate.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Well, it should impact new patients getting in the door very favorably because in many cases all they would need is a script from a physician and maybe some limited pharma preauthorization on a phone call. So, it will take the cycle of a new patient going in the system down significantly, so that should be very good. It should also reduce their copays. With respect to the pricing of our system in the pharmacy channel, there will be some situations where we lower price to get pharmacy in the door, and some situations where we get price increases. We hope over time – our goal has been, try to remain price neutral. We have another pricing lever coming with the gen 6 sensor that has an extended wear. So I think as you see us move to pharmacy, if we see movement down a little bit or up a little bit in pricing in the pharmacy channel, we've got something coming with the gen 6 system where we can pick certainly all, if not more than that, up with an extended wear sensor. So we monitor it closely. We have long discussions before we embark in a pricing – we embark in pricing discussions every time we have a pharmacy contract. So we're looking at it very closely, but so far so good. Even as more of our businesses has shifted there, we're doing quite well.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: You know, the month to month swings in our business – and Jess is sitting here across the table looking at me, are difficult to predict, and in some years all the months are equal in the second quarter, other years, it starts fast and slows down. This quarter went as we planned it, Ben, and I'd sort of answer is we looked at our monthly targets every quarter, we did very well month-to-month. I don't think there was demand built up for the Share Receiver. We were able to fill all those orders in the first quarter when we launched it. That was a very effective and efficient launch by our team. There wasn't anybody sitting on the sidelines waiting for a product that couldn't get it. But I do think the Share Receiver certainly helped, and continued peds growth helped, and all those things continue to add to the business.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: I think awareness is the biggest challenge, to keep growing at this rapid rate. Our operations team, we haven't had a backorder since we started here, and we've gone through all the hassles that any manufacturing plant would go through, and these guys are very, very good at fixing them. I think another challenge, as we look to the future, is getting the new products out quickly enough. We've been iterating very quickly with all the approvals we had last year, the approvals we've already received this year, and things have moved pretty fast here. So we need to keep innovating at that robust pace, but we keep going, Ben.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Sure. Battery life is one thing we look at and think about. The gen 5 transmitter, as we've talked about, has a three months life versus the six month life, and as those of you who have been on this call for a long time will remember, the SEVEN PLUS Transmitter had a year plus life. So, we've looked at battery life, anything from extending to three months to six months or going down to disposable, depending upon costs. We've looked at those transmitter options, certainly different electronics configurations. The biggest issue with the transmitter is simply size. The smaller we can make it – to a certain extent. You can't get too small or it becomes unmanageable from a dexterity perspective, as we learned in our human factor studies. We're looking at the optimal size and shape to make it smaller and give our patients maximum economic benefit.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: I think it does skew that way. But I would tell you, that's not the only place that it goes. I've been around a number of adults who are using it. I was in a physician's office just a week or so ago, where a physician showed me data from a 72-year-old patient who had severe hypoglycemia unawareness, and couldn't manage himself. He had moved to a small town to take care of his 90 plus year old parents, and instead they were taking care of him till he got on CGM. Well, Share data is very important for that guy. And I think any place where people are subject to severe high and low swings, and particularly with hypoglycemia, Share has made huge difference. It obviously is going to help more in pediatric patients – if not for the simple reasons that seven-year-olds can now tell their parents they need an iPhone, and I have to have this if you're going to watch my data. The interesting side note of all the Share data, I was going to talk about this in my concluding remarks, is there's a whole new culture that's coming, about how are we going to interact based on CGM? Because parents are freaking out and calling their kids all the time, then kids turn off their parents from sharing, and adults, you know spouses following each other. We've seen some very interesting text messages between followers and patients. So it's across the board, but clearly the concept is being proven out dramatically.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Well, and that's certainly being taken care of by those entities that are independent of DexCom. That's great for our patients and for healthcare professionals who want to see the data put together. Our SweetSpot platform is our technology platform and ultimately we'll upload pumps into there as well, particularly from our own pump partners, and we'll reciprocate our pump partners back as far as sensor data being in their combined devices. As far as those other platforms being a huge driver of our business, I mean, it will be helpful, it'll be a nice feature for our patients. We're not banking on that to drive our revenues. We just think it's a nice – we think it's nice to have and that's why we work with these guys. And, look, if they have better answers than we do, that makes everybody happy, so we're fine.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Well, the pivotal timing will dependent upon a lot that we learned in the pre-pivotal. We expect to submit early next year and hopefully launch in early 2017.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: That's correct, we don't have to wait for gen 6. The FDA in our discussions has very strongly indicated to us that even without the interference blocking of the gen 6 membrane our G4 data is strong enough to support an insulin dosing claim. So we're working with the agency about what work we have to do and labeling we have to put together to add that feature to our product.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: They're the same sensor and algorithm, Bill. So, more than likely what we would do is launch the G5 with the claim and not go backwards.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Well, when we run studies, we calibrate it. We have calibration schemes and our patients take calibrations. Then we go simulate the data in a number of ways. We simulate the data as if they only took calibrations on the first day or in the middle or in just a number of different ways. More than likely, our first pass with this, particularly in looking at timing with the agency, would be one calibration a day. But we developed an entirely new algorithm platform for this product, one that can adapt to very few calibrations. So more than likely, I would say our first pass with G6 will be a calibration every single day, not really as much for accuracy as it is for the reliability and the safety of this system, and looking to get through the agency efficiently. So that would be our first pass and then we will look at a number of options after that with filings after the fact. So one a day for the first – when we start.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Certainly not all of them, and we've actually spent a lot of time this year also working on those relationships to make them more consistent and more seamless, and I think that's going a lot better. We have a channel team working directly with those guys as well and those efforts have been very good.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: That's a great question. And I really think – and I'll speak and I will let Steve even give his thoughts after I'm done. We just as well have two opinions here. Pumps have reached 30%, but haven't had a tremendous amount of growth as far as over the past 10 years from where they were before. I believe at a minimum standard 30% for CGM penetration to start in the U.S., and I think it should be higher. And our biggest barriers are awareness and access and cost, and we are doing things on all those fronts to try and make a difference. So above 30%. I don't think we're ever getting to 70%, but I think CGM certainly should be above 30%. If we make this thing small enough and easy enough to use, we can take away most every excuse that people have.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Theoretically that will happen. I will tell you, there'll be a few bugs to work out as we get this started and going. Anecdotally, we got an e-mail at the company e-mail repository from a mother who had a 2.5 year old with type 1 diabetes recently diagnosed, and 24 hours later she had a CGM from the local drug store. And, her e-mail was very, very -- she was very grateful. The ability to turn this stuff around quickly is very important to our business. I think over time, we will be able to move it over there. But there's bugs in this like everything else. It's going to take a little bit of work, but we'll get there.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Well, the Follow App is available on Android. So parents can – or followers can follow whoever they are following on either platform. We probably will not move the Share app to the Android platform, because we think gen 5 will be here relatively quickly and we'd rather put our resources towards that. But we'll evaluate it as we go.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Welcome to what I wake up thinking about at 3 o'clock in the morning. It's a very interesting quandary, because if you're not going to take any fingersticks, there's no safety check to make sure that everything is well, and if you're going to have a dosing claim and take no fingersticks, that thing has to work every single time. And so, I think what you're going to see us move into, and that's why I said our first pass with the gen 6 system will be one fingerstick a day for calibration, you're going to see us move into this area gradually, and we have a number of system options that we're considering to whereby we can stay in the dosing claim world, but eliminate calibrations. And maybe you'll see different labeled products from us over time to offer patients more convenience, and certainly glucose information, but maybe not give them the labeling to say, you can go ahead and dose insulin off this thing. So we're considering a number of things, and we'll be breaking some new ground here.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Well, that's why we're running the focus groups, and really seeing what message resonates with this community, and we'll start launching those messages. The direct-to-consumer efforts, in all reality, as we think about creating more awareness, are probably going to coincide more with our gen 5 launch and the connectivity of the transmitter going straight to the phone. So, we're working on this and planning this out. Certainly it would be implemented later this year and into the course of next year. And we'll have more on those messages later, we're just not quite ready to share.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Well, I can give you a couple of examples. If we have pharmacy benefit, pharmacists are going to need to know about our product. So, we'll look at that area, we'll also look at some more internal medicine doctors and primary care doctors who see a lot of people with diabetes. And pilot some programs in some geographies and see what that generates from us, some other things. We're looking at really a lot of things across the board, and just to make it easier for people, one of the stats that Terry often quoted was how many prescribers we have in a year and how many of them prescribed one unit. And, last year, we had something like 13,000 different healthcare professionals who prescribed CGM and over 8,000 of them did one. And so, what do we have to do to get those people who do one to do more, because they're not all endocrinologists, they're across the board. We've also got programs targeted more at diabetes educators, and the nurse practitioners and physician's assistant markets, because those people see a lot of patients and are very involved in patient care recommendations. So, we're going to look at a number of different things outside just traditional endocrinology as to where we're going to focus those dollars, but we'll focus them across the board. As you talk about the ICU and OB/GYN markets and such, those are places where we'll probably start running clinical studies, particularly with our gen 6 system with one calibration a day, when that comes out. That becomes much more convenient for example, in a hospital environment, and more convenient for a patient who doesn't traditionally have diabetes. It's time to start running those studies, it's time to start seeing what we can do in those markets. All the technologies we're developing for our core business will be applicable to those patient groups in enhancing their lives and the experience in improving healthcare outcomes. So it's time for us to go there. I put that on Steve's plate.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Well, we certainly control the way our data is displayed with respect to how the FDA has approved it, and those pump companies refer to our dataset with respect to our PMA filings. So it has to look very similar to ours. If they have different visuals, as long as it doesn't alter the data, that's fine, and I think there will be different views of our data as everybody adds their own touch to it. And look, as we've learned with our gen 5 application, when you want to – if you think you know how CGM data is displayed, it's all about to change. And as you look at things like that, the G5 system displays things much differently than what we've done on the receiver before. So I think everybody'll have their own interpretation, I think – and a lot of it will depend upon FDA process. It doesn't make a lot of sense for a pump company to take everything and change everything we do completely and drag themselves through an extended FDA review, because of this. On the other hand, if they can offer something more beneficial to their patient set, that's great. But also, remember with gen 5 and gen 6 and the other ones that transmitter is capable of talking to two things at the same time. What our patients are offered as the integrated pump moves to a gen 5 and gen 6 platform, is they can look at their data on their pump or on their phone. And if it's on their phone, then it goes to their watch as well – I find the watch view very nice. In fact, I'm wearing my Apple Watch and a sensor today, looking at it. So there's going to be a lot of different ways this is done. I think our motto here is glucose for anybody, anywhere they want it.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: You know what, I'm not going to get into all the specifics of what we're doing. We said that we're getting pretty comfortable with the pre-market and post-market work we have to do, and I'm going to leave it at that.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: You know, if they're used to going through DME, and there are DME arrangements still certainly with United, they might stay where they are. They might have an employer plan that gives them no-deductible from DME. So they would make a decision to do it that way. And understand, when a patient calls us, we do run numbers for our patients, we go through both the DME and the pharmacy scenario to determine what is best for them and give them both options. So, that would be the reason somebody would do that.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: In almost every case, it will be. It is certainly the most cost effective for us, because once that drug store is online to refill orders they're not calling us every time they need sensors. So, you know, that's one of our motivations in doing this.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Thank you very much. And we appreciate all the interest and all the questions today after our call. And you guys are right, the era of connectivity is here and we're learning all sorts of things about our patients, about our product and the difference we can make in people lives through this connectivity. So that has been a great, great thing that happened this quarter and we are very pleased with it. I do want to conclude with a couple of thoughts. As you know, over the summer there's a lot of diabetes meetings that we attend: ADA, AADE is going on right now, and several others. I was attending a meeting in Colorado. In a diabetes symposium, an exceptional diabetes-based – I mean Denver-based diabetes professional gave a talk for us at our DexCom symposium, and she asked a simple question at the start of her talk. Who needs CGM? And her answer was just as simple as her question, everybody with diabetes. She proceeded to present case study after case study of type 2, type 1 patients, all in completely different circumstances and completely different ages, all of whom experienced a significant reduction in A1C and/or a hyperglycemia improvement through the use of personal or professional CGM. CGM tells a story that nobody can get from fingersticks or any other medical device. And the second thought comes from a discussion I had with another physician at this conference, a very well known endocrinologist. And we were talking about the business and he simply said this: nobody comes to my office anymore and asks for CGM. They come to my office and ask for DexCom. And that's a position we want to maintain. We're not going to move away from our long-term goal of replacing fingersticks, and we're going to become the first tool in treating diabetes. Thank you.
Steven Robert Pacelli: Thanks, Kevin. DexCom reported revenue of $93.2 million for the second quarter of 2015 compared to $58.8 million for the same quarter in 2014, a $34.4 million or 59% increase. Sequentially, revenue for Q2 of 2015 increased $20.4 million, up 28% from the prior quarter. Our gross profit totaled $66 million, generating a gross margin of 71% for the second quarter of 2015 compared to a gross profit of $39.9 million and a gross margin of 68% for the same quarter in the prior year. As we have stated previously, we are now at the upper end of our gross margin targets on our sensor disposables and our hardware. We will continue to seek improved gross margins through increased volumes, continued manufacturing improvements, continued shift in the sales mix to more disposables revenue, and some cost savings in future product design. In the near term, we expect our blended margin to remain at approximately 70%, but we remind investors that our gross margin on hardware could be slightly lower for a period of time due to the introduction of the G5 mobile transmitter. Some final thoughts on our revenues and our gross profits. Our mix between durable and consumable products remained steady at approximately 30% durable and 70% consumable, a mix we expect to remain fairly constant going forward. ASP for sensors was at the high end of our stated range of $70 to $75 per sensor, and the ASP for our hardware was approximately $800 to $850 per starter kit. Finally, our international business continued to grow, represented $12.2 million or 13% of our revenues. Research and development expense totaled $24.4 million for Q2 of 2015 compared to $14.8 million in Q2 of 2014, with the increase due primarily to additional payroll related costs and expenses related to work on our near-term product pipeline and work on our advanced product pipeline. Selling, general and administrative expense totaled $45.2 million in Q2 of 2015 compared to $30.9 million during the same quarter in 2014. The increase was primarily related to increased head count in our sales organization, including both field sales and internal sales support staff. The increase was also attributable to additional marketing expenses in connection with our awareness campaigns. The increase included additional IT infrastructure costs, and finally, of the $14.3 million increase, approximately $4 million was non-cash share-based compensation expense. Our net loss for the second quarter of 2015 totaled $3.7 million and included $23.4 million in non-cash expenses centered primarily in share-based compensation, depreciation and amortization. Absent these non-cash charges, cash-based net income was $19.7 million for Q2, representing 21% of our revenues. This compares quite favorably to cash based net income of $8.2 million in Q2 last year. We also remind investors that we expect share-based compensation expense to be approximately $21 million to $22 million per quarter through the balance of 2015. Our loss per share for the quarter was $0.05, based on 80 million shares outstanding at the end of Q2. With respect to our balance sheet, we ended the second quarter with $98 million in cash and marketable securities, an increase of $14 million from Q1 of this year. With that, I'll turn the call back to Kevin for a business update.
Steven Robert Pacelli: Yeah, we're not going to break it out, as we haven't in the past. You should assume with the revenue levels that we're at and the growth rates we're experiencing, we're adding quite a few new patients, but we're not going to be specific on the new patient numbers.
Steven Robert Pacelli: No. I think you could see more by the end of the year. We're in active – I would tell you, without being specific, we're in active discussions with virtually everyone, every major payer.
Steven Robert Pacelli: Yeah, it's a combination of factors. So, in any given quarter, depending on how much of our business is processed on a direct basis versus through third-party distribution and the mix of which direct contracts versus which third-party distributors, the pricing varies. That is what results in the variability in sensor pricing. And as Kevin mentioned, as we – I think there has been this weird concern on the Street that somehow our revenues were going to be severely impacted as we moved to the pharmacy. What you have to keep in mind is that where – and Kevin said, we would give – in some instances it'll have to give, and where we have to give would – may be in any case where we have a direct contract with the payer today, in order to get them to move to pharmacy we may have to do a slight discount. But, remember, about 50% of our business was historically through a durable medical distributor. And so where we're looking to get established and obtain first-time contracts with some of these payers, these guys were getting gauged by the third-party distributors. So, the pricing that we can come in at can actually be quite favorable to DexCom on an overall ASP basis and the payer gets a significant break from what they were paying their DME supplier. So, again, don't – what I want to caution, though, is we've never said that we expect the pharmacy channel will drive ASPs, but our goal again, as Kevin just mentioned, is to stay kind of net neutral on a pricing basis as we shift to the pharmacy.
Steven Robert Pacelli: Yeah, that's what I was going to say. Look, five plus years from now, our goal would be to have a sensor that would be something that's miniaturized, that looks more like a bandage than a medical device, that's fully disposable. You get it to the point where you overcome basically all of the objections that a patient would have to wearing the device – it talks to your phone, it doesn't have to be calibrated, you don't take fingersticks anymore, there really isn't a reason that you couldn't get very significant penetration into the type 1 market in the U.S., again provided we can achieve the appropriate access for patients via the payer community and continue to drive awareness. All that – if you rehash our entire conference call script today, that's kind of the message, is that we need to keep our foot on the pedal on growing our commercial enterprise and our foot on the pedal on the R&D front, because we need to continue to iterate new and better technologies to capture a larger market share of type 1s. But I would also add that I think in five years, you're going to see us have very meaningful penetration for sure into the intensive insulin using patients who are type 2s, but I would suggest even potentially even broader into type 2s. So, I think that's going to become an ever-increasing important market segment for us.
Steven Robert Pacelli: Again, we don't have perfect data. We're starting to capture a lot more data about our patients who have said they've (37:15) moved to Share. But we still think patients are using somewhere between 2.5 sensors to 3 sensors per month on average.
Steven Robert Pacelli: Yeah, I think you're right. Initially, I think our belief was that the dosing claim was most important from a Medicare perspective, because Medicare has indicated that until we get the non – the adjunctive labeling removed, that they would not entertain a coverage category for CGM. And that opens up quite a few both type 1 and type 2 intensive insulin using patients. But I will tell you, and I actually really – it was really eye opening this year, when I was at our national sales meeting, starting to talk to the field force, who are much more excited than frankly, I think we were internally about the dosing claim, because they tell stories of doctors who truly are unwilling today to prescribe, or prescribe as much as we would like, because they have to – they're unwilling to – they're not prescribing it off-label. So they have to tell their patient when they prescribe it, hey, I want you to go out and purchase this thing, and oh, by the way, you have to take two fingersticks a day to calibrate it and oh, by the way, every time you eat or take an insulin injection, you need to also take a fingerstick. These doctors are – this is, again, all anecdotal from our sales force, but these doctors would be much more willing when they don't have to tell their patients that they have to take a confirmatory fingerstick, to prescribe much more. So, I think the dosing claim could actually be a bigger catalyst than maybe we had anticipated in the past.
Steven Robert Pacelli: Yeah. Look, I think the FDA is cognizant of the fact that a fully automated system or even a semi-automated system, you're going to have to use the CGM information to dose insulin. So it's hard to have a system that's dosing insulin that isn't labeled for dosing insulin. So, I think there's probably something there as well. I'm not sure that it necessarily accelerates the timing to approval for an artificial pancreas, but I think it's important.
Steven Robert Pacelli: Yeah, it's going to take kind of all of the above. I would tell you those two factors, plus a third being establishing a reimbursement category. And we're starting to see some reimbursement for intensive insulin-using type 2. So these are folks who are on basal-bolus mealtime injections of insulin. They mostly look and feel like a type 1, and we're starting to see some meaningful coverage on that front. Really when you think about the type 2 opportunity, you really need to segment it by kind of the intensive insulin users versus just maybe a daily Lantus user versus those who are on orals, diet and exercise. And I think it'll take probably a different product than what we have today. It will take something that's simpler to use, that's smaller on the body. And these are all the things that we're exploring internally. But I think to appeal to a much broader patient population, I mentioned – a few minutes ago, I mentioned disposable. I think the idea of having something that you can put on as more of a diagnostic tool as a type 2 patient, to really use it as more of a behavior modification tool on a periodic basis, and then be able to throw it away when you're done is quite appealing. And so, these are the kinds of things that are in our more – I would call it our advanced technology pipeline. But certainly, five years out is a long time for us from a development perspective. So, you'll see some iterative steps along the way.
Steven Robert Pacelli: So, I can give you a comment with respect to United. I actually couldn't answer it with respect to Anthem just yet. But I do know that United actually sent – they sent correspondence to all of their patients, as did the DME distributor, to all of the patients informing them – just prior to July 1, informing them that as of July 1 they'd be able to purchase through the pharmacy. I' m not – frankly I don't know if Anthem is doing the same sort of outreach, I'd have to check.
Ben C. Andrew: It was still 30%. So is that roughly split between new patients and replacement hardware? Because that would put you at an awfully big new patient number, something closing 18,000 patients or even 20,000 patients in the quarter.
Ben C. Andrew: Okay. And Kevin, I know 60% growth for now, what, six – or no, I'm sorry, 10 quarters in a row-ish. You've talked about the challenges of sustaining that and I know there's many bottlenecks that you guys are working hard on, but what is the primary bottleneck right now? Is it awareness? And obviously you talked about the technology iterations, addressing that and continuing to expand it. But at these kind of growth rates to sustain it, it really does take a lot to feed that – to feed the beast and sustain it.
Ben C. Andrew: Yeah. Last thing from me, and you mentioned you had been evaluating a series of different transmitters. Can you characterize kind of some of the technologies or the concepts that you're thinking about? Thanks.
