Steve Pacelli: Thanks Quentin. Given our strong financial position and the growth opportunity ahead of us, we continue to press forward with the strategic initiatives that we outlined at the start of the year. As the COVID-19 pandemic has played out, we looked at how DexCom could play a role in delivering an impactful solution. Kevin already walked you through the incredible work being done in the hospital setting. Recent data published in the Journal of Diabetes Science and Technology shows the clear need for glucose control in the hospital and cements the reason we are so committed to assisting in this crisis. The study found that the COVID-19 mortality rate for people with diabetes or hyperglycemia even in non-diabetics during their stay was more than four times greater than patients without diabetes or hyperglycemia. Even more alarming for those who had no evidence of diabetes prior to hospitalization who developed hyperglycemia during their stay, 42% died in the hospital. These are sobering statistics and it served as a constant reminder to our team as we work around the clock to assist frontline workers. As we look forward, our commercial team has begun leveraging our extensive data platforms, which should prove especially valuable for patients and clinicians in an environment where telemedicine business are quickly becoming the norm. As an example, an article published last week in Diabetes Technology & Therapeutics showed great results for two newly diagnosed Type 1 patients, one a 20-year-old male and another a 12-month old female who were given a G6 and treated with telemedicine during the COVID-19 stay-at-home orders. Using G6 and our software tools, clinicians at the Barbara Davis Center in Colorado were able to significantly improve the glucose levels of these patients through virtual care. Stepping back, the fundamentals of our business remained sound and there were several encouraging developments during the first quarter as our sales growth indicates the momentum behind our no fingerstick G6 technology continued in the first quarter, and as we have said multiple times before, we continue to believe that there are significantly more people on intensive insulin therapy to standard benefit from a transition to our real time CGM. At the end of the first quarter we have now transitioned the majority of our Medicare base over to G6 as the only Class II ICGM on the market and the lowest cost CGM for the Medicare channel. We look forward to bringing G6 to people both with Type 1 and intensively manage Type 2 diabetes who are eligible for Medicare. We are also pleased that UnitedHealthcare recently began coverage for their intensive insulin Type 2 patient population. Combined with Medicare, this demonstrates the increasing traction that we are gaining in the Type 2 intensive market. In January, we introduced additional data demonstrating the value of DexCom CGM in the Type 2 non-intensive market. This includes our direct work with UnitedHealthcare, digital health programs like WellDoc, Onduo, Livongo and integrated health systems like Intermountain where our preliminary pilot should significant savings with the fulltime use of DexCom G6 relative to standard of care self monitored blood glucose. We are excited to be expanding access to DexCom CGM throughout all of these channels and look forward to sharing additional results as we progress in our Type 2 efforts. The opportunity for growth is also extensive when we look outside the U.S. where use of CGM remains far less than that of fingerstick. In February, we obtained regulatory approvals for G6 in Australia, South Korea and Japan and are progressing toward extending the G6 launch to each of these markets later this year. In support of our continuing growth, in particular the service of our international markets. We recently finalized a decision to develop a third manufacturing site in Malaysia. This will be another significant investment for DexCom and demonstrates our belief in the long-term opportunity ahead of us. We continue to advance the regulatory pathway for use of CGM in pregnancy, attaining CE Mark for wear on the back of the arm and we removed the pregnancy warning for G6 for use in Type 1, Type 2 and gestational diabetes. Following this approval, we launched G6 in the UK for pregnant women with diabetes and are currently working to broaden the clinical evidence to support the use of DexCom CGM for the management of gestational diabetes. Finally, our efforts as a forerunner in interoperability and our support of patient choice and their method of insulin delivery has us well positioned to benefit from multiple commercial systems over the next couple of years, whether through automated insulin delivery or connected smart pens. As you can see, there are many exciting things that the DexCom teams are driving forward even as we navigate the unprecedented time that we are now experiencing. With that, I'll turn it back to Kevin.
Steve Pacelli: Yes. Malgorzata, this is Steve. Don't read too much in net at this early stage. This is something that literally the hospital team work 24/7 to get products into the hospital to reduce the risk to caregivers, right. They weren’t able to take fingersticks because they have to – really, they have to actually change out their PP every time they would have to go pick a finger and they were just – they couldn’t do it. So right now we are capturing data. This is all about being able to remotely monitor these patients to help the caregivers in the hospital provide better care. To the extent we have data down the road that we're obviously retaining, we'll look to see what we do with it. But right now we’ve not made any plans to do anything specifically with the data, either with a hospital or on an automized basis or otherwise.
Steve Pacelli: What I would say is no, I mean we've obviously had a very strong quarter driven by both existing patient base and new patients back. If you remember back in the 2008-2009 timeframe, we were still on the 2007 and the 2007 plus, which those technologies just weren't really ready for prime time. It really wasn't, if you remember it wasn't until we launched the Gen 4 PLATINUM and I think it was Q4 of 2012 that you really saw the inflection in this business. We really moved to a must have versus a nice to have in terms of our technology. So I don't know that you could possibly make a comparison to back that. I mean, back in those days it was Terry and I just trying to raise money, every opportunity we could to keep the lights on. So it's just a different, it's not even a comparable business at this time.
Steve Pacelli: Yes. I just add one more thing, as far as cash because I'm the one driving Quen and his team on this. We talk about doubling manufacturing capacity before the first half of the year is over. We're pushing to get that, but that's a lot of capital equipment, as we go to a lot of G6 automated lines and get those up and running and get more lines up at our contract manufacturers, we then have a significant capital investment in G7 equipment that will be coming. And we talked about investing in a third manufacturing site in Malaysia. So there's going to be a lot of capital equipment. So we purchased the other place that we will definitely be using cash as we invest in our businesses, just in our infrastructure and in our systems. We will – if we've learned anything through this, we need to make some more investments on that side too. Our team has been fantastic with the tool they had when you give them some more tools. So we have a lot of capital use for that money for organic growth as well.
Kevin Sayer: You know, Robbie, this is Kevin. I'll start. If I gave you a whole bunch of April color, then I'd be giving you guidance and that's what we just said that that we weren't going to do. That being said, we remain very bullish on our business, as you can see by the first quarter results and we have learned very much that the impact of the connectivity of our device with telemedicine is becoming very, very well-known by within the physician community. We hosted a webinar last week and had 900 participants sign-up. We don’t get 900 people to anything here. That was a huge win for us as we talk and learn more about that. So I think particularly with our system where it goes directly to a phone and a directly of clarity and positions can pull up clarity wherever they are working, that is a big win for patients. We know that diabetes, I'll talk about this a little more later but it's not going to go away and these patients need to be cared for. We think we – we solve a very serious problem by getting data to patients and their caregivers in a very timely basis. You heard us also talk about getting clarity more towards a real time platform that could literally give a patient the opportunity to call their doctor and say, hey, what's going on with me. And caregivers aren't on share follow all the time. A more real-time clarity is going to give that caregiver a good answer. So we see a situation where you have a very good answer. We're bullish on the business going forward. Things are just a little different now. Quentin, if you want to add a little more to it.
Kevin Sayer: Danielle, I think we'll tag team this one too and I'll start. First of all, as we talked about in our call, 70% of our patients train themselves with the material that we provide and we've also had remote coaching services through DexCom care to help these patients as well. We've anticipated a day like this with respect to training for a long, long time, which is why we moved away from the model we previously had whereby we could make this easier and get patients on the system. So we don't see that changing much at all. As far as new patient opportunities and new patients coming in, whereas in the past, many times that was a result of an office visit. Now it's coming in possibly through a telemedicine conference with a healthcare provider. They can also be coming in through our direct consumer marketing. Our online efforts are – all the things that we have and then we have to turn around and figure out a way to get the proper paperwork from the healthcare provider. One of the other things that's key to remember in Quentin's remarks, he talked about how our move to the pharmacies accelerating. As we go to the pharmacy, the paper work requirements for healthcare providers come down significantly, so again making the whole process easier. And that's been our goal from the beginning to get this process easy enough to whereby. We can get the penetration that we thought we could get. And I've said for years that 80% penetration and intensive insulin users with CGM should be our long-term goal and it still is. And the easier we make it, the faster penetration will go and those efforts have not changed and won't change as a result of COVID. As far as post COVID world and what I see is demand. I think if anything, people are going to be more concerned about controlling their diabetes to make sure they're healthy. So if something like this happens again, that will not become a complicating factor because their diabetes is in control, not running rampant. So again, we see this as an opportunity to almost increased retention and increase usage within our current patient base as much as it is to grab new ones. So I don't want to sound opportunistic – too opportunistic about this, but we have an answer to a serious problem here and we think people will come to it. Well Steve, Quentin, if you have anything more to add...
Kevin Sayer: No, thank you. We actually have had discussions with the FDA about this very subject and it is our hope to gather as much data as we can from these patients as they are in this hospital with various compounds being injected and to take care of their help to see how our sensor performs in this environment, how well connectivity is and what we can learn. Our commitment to the agency is with this opportunity will gather as much data as we can and we're going to share what we learn and see if we can in fact accelerate that path and get this device approved for use as a glucose monitoring technology in the hospital environment rather than, than what they're doing with fingersticks. And as we gather data, we'll take advantage of this opportunity. I think Jeff, the learning’s we've had so far are astounding to us, as we're into a different channel with a different physician group, with different caregivers who haven't seen CGM before with rules and regulations around hospital IT departments and connecting a phone within their security system. We've had learning’s that we would have never anticipated. We will be so much more ready to go to this market when it's time. The commitment we've made here from a dollar perspective is large. We put a lot of time and effort and the hospital team has literally worked around the clock to get this going and so we'll gather the data, will file what we see or at least share what we see and then determine a course of action after that. If we see highly positive results, it's not unthinkable that they would give us an accelerated timeframe or cutback on the work that we have to do are possibly change a label to allow us to get there sooner. We're open to all that and we will look at every one of those opportunities once we're done. But we’re really taking this opportunity very seriously.
Kevin Sayer: I'll start; again, well all of you guys chime in. It’s not just a 14-day study. If we could run a 14-day study and put several hundred people on it for 14 days that would be relatively simple. These trials are not that simplistic. There's going to be at least four in clinic days where blood is drawn for 12 hours and we can only handle two to three patients at a time, at a clinic per day. So these trials are very well orchestrated and scheduled from a logistics perspective. We do not know when clinics who run these trials are going to open back-up and allow patients in to run these kinds of studies. Nor do we know when patients are going to run and allow themselves to this kind of study. So we're putting that time in there knowing there's going to be a while before things get back to normal in these large clinics and many large clinics where we do these studies aren't even letting patients come in the door now, let alone patients come in for clinical trials. So we've put this timeframe on it. How could it in fact accelerate, because accelerate if we found data on the system that would enable us to statistically reduce the size of the trial. But let us again remind you, we're not shooting for just anything. We're shooting for high ICGM standards and that is a high bar that is not an arbitrary bar set by the FDA. That's a high bar. We've met with G6 and we executed a perfect study to get that done. We've got to execute perfection again. So we've given ourselves this timeframe to make sure all our plans are locked down, that we can get the centers open, they can go and do this and we'll be methodical and thoughtful about it. If there's some way we can accelerate that we would, but we gave you this because we typically are prudent in our guidance and what we speak and what we think and that's what we see right now. That's it.
Kevin Sayer: Most of them are getting this thing up and running to take care of people right now. But, Steve is right. We’re continuing to work on that.
Kevin Sayer: About the only thing I could add to that is, we have done everything we can to make it easier for our patients to get CGM even during these tough times. In 2008 or 2009, we had zero Medicaid coverage. We had no Medicare coverage. We had no pharmacy benefit where the co-pays typically significantly lower than it is through DME. And pricing has been somewhat lower. So I think we've done everything we can to position our business to be more successful during a time like this and to help our patients continue on the therapy. But again, now you have what may be a recession tied to health care event, we may see exactly the opposite. The patients absolutely have to have this to it healthier, believe that they do. Again, part of the unknowns that we're trying to work through and trying to manage.
Kevin Sayer: Let's be clear. We never said we'd have approval by year-end, and we said we expected a 2021 launch with a limited launch by the end of 2020 was our goal without meaningful financial impact in 2020, if we had a limited launch. There are things we can do to accelerate those studies possibly. On the manufacturing side we have similar circumstances to what Quen described earlier about the core business. We have suppliers that we're not in control of or rapidly putting equipment together and building things for us. We have orders for this equipment all over the world, waiting for it to come in, to get those lines up and running. We will remain committed to the fact, that we will not do a full scale launch of this product until we're ready to go completely. And on top of that while we wait and sometimes we forget, we have a fantastic product of what we have in G6 and so we will continue to refine and make that better. I don’t know Quen, if you have any other things, we can do on manufacturing…
Kevin Sayer: Yes, Raj, great question. International was clearly a bright spot in the quarter and really it was across the entire international region, whether it was Europe, Asia both regions performed incredibly well. Canada was a driver of the overall growth with the e-Commerce platform we put in place there we couldn't be more happy with the results that we see. I think one of the interesting data points coming out of the quarter, while Germany is a large market for us, continues to have great success. The UK also growing quite aggressively, very significantly outpaced most other major markets, which was nice to see. So a lot of runway continues to exist in all of these markets, but really strength across the board, even through Asia and Australia. So there's not one country to really pull out and attribute all this success to, it was performance across the entire slate that led to the overall outcome that we communicated.
Kevin Sayer: The first quarter of 2020 was a record number of new patients to the company versus any other quarter in history, that's right.
Kevin Sayer: I don't have a great update for you on – new update for you anyway on Korea, but with respect to Japan, we did get our G6 approval. So that's an approval for consumer use, the professional use clinician product. We don't currently have reimbursement. So when we launch that product in the consumer channel before the end of this year, it'll be a cash pay product, what we've elected not to do is follow a competitor and accept really subpar reimbursement based on kind of fingerstick level pricing. We're just not going to go there with that, we're going to do our work, provide the Japanese government with the appropriate data, outcomes data and establish real reimbursement for real time CGM. So that won't be this year, but we'll give you an update when we have more.
Kevin Sayer: Well, we'll start with our six month period. As we got to that conclusion, as we've modeled that out, we're certainly comfortable with that. We're very comfortable with again, helping our patient base out. These are the people that built our company, made it what it is. And as I said in my prepared remarks, the more I traveled before this pandemic, the more I learned. There are a lot of people who have no idea how to manage their diabetes without a CGM. So we will continue to try and get product to patients. We'll evaluate the economic consequences of what we do as we roll this out over time. You know, three years ago if we had to do this, it would have been even much more difficult because we had very little Medicaid and we didn't even have Medicare up and running. Now with Medicare approval and Medicaid, there are some states where these patients have been employed can go to Medicaid programs, but it's very inconsistent and sporadic, even though we have. I want to say 60% of Medicaid programs cover – some only covers for kids and some make it very difficult. So we will continue to push for more Medicaid coverage during this time to try and Medicaid that and we'll see how it goes and we'll keep track. But, it's important that we make sure these people can stay on the system and we think this is a really good opportunity for us. So we will continue to do that.
Kevin Sayer: Hi, this is Kevin. I'll finish up today. We want to thank all of you for participating on our call. I surely under circumstances far different from what you envisioned during our 2019 Q4 earnings call last February, when I watched the night – the news night in and out, I've seen the toll that this virus has taken on communities all over the world and recognize, when this pandemic ends, our world human interaction and the administration of healthcare will be forever changed. DexCom is very fortunate to be in a strong position during this pandemic and I personally feel sense of obligation to operate from that strength to serve the needs of others in this time of heightened anxiety. We'll stay at home orders and school closures. We realize our employees day-to-day lives have been upended causing significant stress. We've attempted to reduce that stress by offering increased pay to essential onsite workers and promoting increased safety measures to best protect all DexCom employees. We recognize that diabetes doesn't take a break even for pandemics, economic slowdowns or high unemployment. Now more than ever, we have a responsibility to patients that have supported DexCom over the years and made us the company that we are today. We're therefore working quickly on a roll out of our patient assistance program to provide access to DexCom CGM for the many individuals who have lost their jobs as a result of COVID-19. In addition, we realized that helping a patient staying control their blood glucose, also his family members and clinicians providing needed relief to our healthcare system. Our core belief remains unchanged. If we do our best to take care of our patients, the business will always move in the right direction. Every intensive insulin using patients have access to real time CGM. We'll work tirelessly to make that happen. COVID-19 has had a disproportionate impact on the diabetes community. This awful virus is also attacking the pancreas of people without diabetes. As a result, brave frontline responders are having to repeatedly gown up and [indiscernible] administer finger sticks to test patient's blood glucose levels. We've worked hard with the FDA to provide these heroes with better tools to treat patients and reduce healthcare workers overall risk of infection. However employees have rallied to this cause has been nothing short of amazing. In short order, we've created new training materials, stood up a specialized technical support group, procured to configure thousands of cell phones for use in this environment at a cost in excess of $1 million and developed a separate commercial structure to launch G6 in this market at significantly reduced prices. We are making a significant investment here. Our commitment to connectivity, enable multiple platforms to consume our data and cloud based tools for healthcare providers has become even more important than we envisioned when we blazed this trail many, many years ago. As the work from the team in the Barbara Davis center in Colorado indicates, the unique features of our CGM and connected software solutions are playing an important role in driving care for newly diagnosed people with diabetes during this crisis. We are hopeful that the expanded use of telemedicine during the crisis can ultimately provide avenues for greater access to health care over the long-term and DexCom CGM providing an essential tool in the process. In addition, our efforts to assist hospitals worldwide is a big investment as I said earlier, we intend to take all of the data that we can gather, generated during this time to accelerate the development and launch of a hospital-based system that better meets the needs of healthcare providers in our current ambulatory product. It's often during difficult times that the two character of an individual or company is revealed. Our hope is that our efforts during this time will provide comfort to the many stakeholders that we serve and that our character of DexCom will stand out brightly. On behalf of our employees, I'm proud to lead these efforts. Thanks. Goodbye.
Quentin Blackford: Yes. No, I think you describe it well. I think Robbie, the thing is coming out of the quarter or over the course of the first quarter, the strength in the core business – the underlying business was incredibly strong. And I think from our perspective we’re as bullish as we've ever been on where we're at in this opportunity, the runway that exist in front of us and, and probably even more so now when you think about the long-term just with the hospital opportunity opening up probably sooner than what we anticipated. The whole play in telehealth, telemedicine, we know we have a device that works better there than anything else in the marketplace. And folks seem to be – seem to be understanding that to Kevin's point, the 900 folks that joined the webinar, it was a webinar specifically directed towards telehealth, telemedicine. So there's a real interest out there. So I think long-term we feel incredibly bullish about where we're at. In April, yes, the new patient starts, we're down a bit. We noted that coming out of Q1. We have seen it start to rebound a bit in April. I think it continues to build over time, but we need to see that play out and have some certainty there before we can get back to where we feel comfortable providing guidance. There's just too many – too many things that are uncertain at this point in time that we need that greater clarity on. But I would just reiterate the underlying strength that the fact that folks are recognizing the value of this product and what it means in the marketplace. From a long-term perspective, we're as bullish as we've ever been.
Quentin Blackford: Yes. Travis, this is Quentin. I think what you're asking is exactly what we struggle with in terms of defining any certainty around what it – what it's going to be. As we continue to see the fallout from an unemployment perspective in the States and even globally how that ultimately shows up or translates into our numbers, it's hard for us to predict. You’ve take an existing patient who has been paying, in line with their program or their plan they've been on for some period of time and all of a suddenly fall into the patient assistance program. You're right? There is going to be a mixed impact on the business. I think that's part of the challenge with trying to draw the line on exactly where that's going to be. And until we have greater color on where those rates – unemployment rates ultimately fall out and the impacts ultimately fall out to our patient base, it's hard to predict. So that's what leads to putting us in a position where we ultimately feel best at this point just to pull guidance. Again, we couldn't be more bullish around what's going on inside the business, but we know there's going to be mixed impacts and shifts over the next several months. So right now the visibility is limited.
Quentin Blackford: Hey David, this is Quentin. Yes. With respect to the inpatient, that was minimal, I mean it didn't move the needle at all. On the stocking side, you're talking several millions, not tens of millions by any stretch at all. It was on the lower end. I think that the point that we were making in our prepared remarks was there's several questions out there around whether or not stocking is driving results in the first quarter. And that the point is, there are several distributors who would have liked to have had the opportunity to stock up ahead of some of the uncertainty that they saw. But frankly we weren't in the position or we weren't enabling that to take place. We monitor this very closely. We have provisions in our agreements with those distributors; now limit the amount of days of inventory on hand that they can carry and so we monitor that. And so while there was an expressed interest to stock to a greater degree, we did not enable that and therefore it was not a driver of the results. And that was the point we were trying to get across.
Quentin Blackford: No, I think the teams are doing a great job of pushing forward as well as we can, as fast as we can on G7 and just the automation capability from a production perspective, clearly having folks out of the office creates some challenging disruptions in the pace at which you move, but I think overall we're navigating it quite well. At the same time, our supply chain is one where it's global in nature. We rely on folks from all over the world to help us produce our product. And we've done a great job of managing G6 to- date G7, we've managed through it as well, but there have been situations where you have a temporary impact here or there, and you've got to quickly navigate through it to make sure everything stays on track and on time. And to-date we've done that well, but that's some of the uncertainty that starts to get introduced in the environment that we find ourselves navigating through. So to-date we're handling it well but there's a lot of balls in the air and we're doing the best that we possibly can and if we can pull it forward to Kevin's point, we certainly will look at those sorts of things.
Quentin Blackford: Yes, so I think from a pharmacy perspective, the comments that we made were clear that we've seen the uptick in that pharmacy channel progress at a very rapid pace and its one channel that we always thought just has tremendous potential for us and we've proved that out over the course of the first quarter. As a matter of fact, we talk about new patients being a driver of growth, for the first time we saw record new patients in the first quarter, despite the fact that we saw slow down in the very back end of the quarter. And so I attribute a good part of that to the pharmacy channel. We haven't seen payers or at least I couldn't speak to any particular payers here in the last several weeks who have opened up more incremental pharmacy access, but we have seen payers who are willing to think differently around the requirements that they might have on patients ordering product such as clinical site visits or coming in to see the clinician, they're allowing that through telehealth, now telemedicine, we see more and more payers who are moving that direction each and every week. So we are seeing a changing dynamic from a payer perspective, haven't seen it so much in terms of opening incremental pharmacy access in the last several weeks, but there is an appetite for change here.
Quentin Blackford: The reimbursement with intensive Type 2 is obviously most of their Medicare patients we have that covered. After that it is really been payer-by-payer, we announced a healthcare Type 2 coverage today, we also have had another large payer expand their Type 2 intensive use policy, just hit us today, that'll be another win for us. I think a lot of the payers as we go to the pharmacy have actually included Type 2 as we've gone there as well. But it's a gradual thing. It's not going to happen overnight. We keep having wins and our payer team is doing a job staying on top of that and we're kind of getting the message out that insulin users and insulin user and they all need access to this. So our Type 2 intensive use patient base is growing significantly and becoming a much larger part of our business.
Quentin Blackford: Yes, we're not going to comment specifically on where it's at. I think, there's been a lot of research, a lot of surveys that have been done that we've seen that would indicate, new patients starts might be 40 or 50% of what they previously were, we haven't seen it to that extent, but they certainly have been impacted. And to the point I made earlier, we have seen it start to come back a bit. I think folks are just getting comfortable understanding, that there's other means of being able to interact with their physician, learn about the product and ultimately get the product on to them and that's the telehealth, telemedicine capability that continues to develop. I'll point you back to the webinar that we had just two weeks ago. Over 900 physicians dialed into that webinar to learn of the value and ways to introduce CGM through telehealth. I think that speaks to the interest level that's out there. So I think it will continue to build over time, how quickly it goes, it's hard to say and that's part of why the uncertainty exists and gives us pause on the guidance that's out there and leaving it there. But, overall I think, down the road telehealth, telemedicine is going to play a much bigger part than what we've seen historically.
Quentin Blackford: Well, I think certainly the new market opportunities that we've been after for a while now with Dolan and team leading that effort, we've been very clear around hospital, is there a way to accelerate that? There certainly seems to be an interest level beyond hours now sitting on the other side, but there's the hospital or the FDA, we want to make sure we're opportunistic and think about that in a way that can accelerate it. I think that there's, potentially in that space, even more than just the device itself, but how do you improve efficiency in the hospital setting? So even from an IT capability perspective, thinking about those sorts of things, we think about gestational diabetes, pregnancy, the whole Type 2 non-intensive space, I think that market remains significant. And I think, we're seeing each and every day that there's a validated opportunity in that space and we want to go fast. So we're keeping our eyes open out there in those spaces, around the opportunities that exist and if there's opportunities to kind of really put the foot on the gas pedal, we're going to look at those sorts of things. So that's what we mean by being opportunistic.
Quentin Blackford: Yes, I think if you go back to the guidance that we set coming into the year, we spoke about some of the different levers that were in there. And certainly some of the things that were going to weigh on the organization being specific to G7 trials, development of the automation lines, ramping G6 as quickly as we can and doubling it, and DTC being a significant investment. I think, while we've walked away from guidance on the full year, those sorts of drivers are still going to be in the spend profile and they're going to be more heavily weighted in the back half of the year. So while you're seeing a 1,300 basis point improvement in operating margin in Q1 it's not likely that you're going to see that same sort of improvement in the back half of the year, because there's going to be all these incremental investments that we know that we need to make and that will set the company up for growth far into the future and we're going to commit ourselves to invest in those ways. So I think you're going to continue to see some good leverage in the first half of the year. I think in the back half of the year, you're going to see the P&L start to look a little bit differently as we make some of these key investments into what I think all of us understand to be critical growth drivers of the future. So I'll leave it at that, the P&L profile will shift a little bit, but overall we still remain committed to the longer term goals that we put out there at Analyst Day just year and a half ago or so.
