Terrance H. Gregg: Thank you operator and thanks to everyone for joining DexCom for our fourth quarter 2013 earnings call. As usual I will ask Steve Pacelli to provide you with our Safe Harbor statement.
Terrance H. Gregg: Thank you, Steve. Joining me today are Kevin Sayer, our President and Chief Operating Officer; Jess Roper, our Chief Financial Officer; and you just heard from Steve Pacelli, our Executive Vice President of Strategy and Corporate Development. Our agenda for today's call is fairly typical. I will provide some introductory thoughts; Kevin will review our detailed fourth quarter 2013 financial results and provide our customary operations update and then I will offer some concluding thoughts. At the JP Morgan Healthcare Conference in January, we announced Q4 and full year 2013 product revenue of approximately $51 million and $157 million respectively. What we did not disclosed at JP Morgan that I am pleased to announce today is that for the second straight quarter and for all fiscal 2013 DexCom was cash flow positive. Before I turn the call over to Kevin I would like to update the investment community on my evolving role at DexCom. As you know I joined DexCom in 2005 as an Independent Member of the Board and came out of my then retirement in 2007 to become the President and CEO. As a management team we have grown the business over the past several years and enjoying a lead status in the med tech space.  In 2011, we added Kevin Sayer as our President and he assumed the title of Chief Operating Officer in 2012 with the expectation that he would mature into the role of Chief Executive Officer as my successor and I would move to position of Executive Chairman. As most of you are aware over the last several years my role has become increasing external. I have spent the vast majority of my time in the field being with clinicians and other key stakeholders in diabetes.  During that time, Kevin has been larger responsible for the day-to-day operations of DexCom and he has done a remarkable job as witnessed by our growth and success. So on behalf of the Board of Directors I am pleased to announce that effective January 1, 2015 Kevin will assume the title of President and Chief Executive Officer and I will transition in to my role as Executive Chairman remaining of course as an employee and active member of the senior management team.  With that I would like to turn the call over to Kevin Sayer. 
Terrance H. Gregg: Obviously, I will take the second question and turn the first question back over to Kevin. I mean obviously when you look at the large number of prescribers we don't call on, it's clear to us that, there is an opportunity there to grow that market and I think it's reflective of the tools that we need to develop from electronic activity as well to reach out and expand that capability.
Terrance H. Gregg: Anecdotally we ask about almost every patient we meet how long do you wear your sensors. And we very seldom hear I swap it out every seven days.
Terrance H. Gregg: No we didn’t. I mean they are still working diligently. I would kind a point you one of things we made the decision publicly not to speak on behalf of our partners. I mean I would kind of defer you to Animas and Tandem for specifics on timing, particularly Tandem as a newly public company we don’t want to step on their toes. So I would defer you to the partner. 
Terrance H. Gregg: This is Terry. You know as we have said it before we are obviously the premier sensor component the overwhelming majority of artificial pancreas programs that are in place around the world, most of these are academic-based and they use a wide variety of different insulin delivery devices.  Certainly Tandem, [Insulot] is in that group, Roche is in that group, Animas is also in that group and in many ways we are somewhat agnostic from that perspective so any ultimate commercialization of a technology that within this classification of artificial pancreas will it be driven by the commercialization partner, not by DexCom we are happy to support those efforts or happy to lend our expertise but the reality of what our mission statement is and that’s to replace finger sticks.  And so we never lose sight of that, each and every day we look at the global market and the increase in total number of patients either having diabetes over the next 10-20 years developing diabetes what we do really well is we develop advanced technology in censor capability and that’s what we will continue to focus our energies on. 
Terrance H. Gregg: No. I mean quite frankly we listen to whatever they have to say and we saw nothing they said they've launched in five or six countries. We haven't seen any from our international group anybody commenting on it, looked at whatever data they presented. They didn't appear to be all that different than the Enlite one. So I am not sure, again experience alone will determine what is truth and what is fiction.
Terrance H. Gregg: Yes. I think obviously by our number it's been pretty successful. I think we have impacted and in face and it take some of largest sensors in the United States in particular where now it is the standard operating procedure to put a patient in CGN well in advance pump and let the patient ultimately decide on what method of delivery that they want that pumps are in fact a secondary lifestyle choice not necessarily a need that when you talking about glycemic variability you have to know about your glycemic variability in order to do something about it.  Our pumps are convenience and so I think that is finally resonating. We have it at now over a year since we started messaging and again $157 million for the year I think we are pretty successful versus a little under $100 million in 2013.
Terrance H. Gregg: Well thanks everyone. Obviously an exciting call for us and I always have this kind of reflection as a transition to this new role so here is my reflection for today so look at statistics and today 1 in 10 adults in US has diabetes and its projected that one in three will have diabetes by the year 2015. So according to the pharmaceutical research and manufacturers of America Association US biopharmaceutical research companies are currently developing 180 new medicines for diabetes.  The cost to bring a new medicine from concept to reality is well over billion dollars and yet today here is DexCom with tools in the field that improve here again glycemic variability with only drugs we already do it. So we feel that we are extremely well placed to expand in our opportunities and as Kevin mentioned in his comments you hear has talk about how accurate we are today, you hear us talk about the ability to expand connectivity and convenience and that’s driving right into the sweet spot of this expansion of diabetes care but we have tools and are developing tools not research so much but as developmental tools because we have already done the research to get a highly accurate sensor. Now we can expand on that to make things simple to use by much larger audience. So I am thrilled about the prospects.  Obviously we have to get to cash flow positive and ultimately to profitable but until that day arrives and we are certainly at a pace we now have the leverage to expand our capability to a much larger market. So with that I will sign off and say thank you.
Kevin Sayer: With respect to the peds ramp Ben as we said earlier, currently our patient base is between 8% and 10% pediatric patients and we expect it to grow to be about 30%. That ramp will take some time as we begin to call on these pediatric endocrinologists we haven't called on before. We will build trust with a few patients on the system. We expect it to take-off from there, but it will take a little bit of time.  Our team is focused on calling on these clinics. They made initial calls as we look at our daily reads that come in, we are seeing a lot of pediatric patients. But it's not widely disproportionate to our regular patients. It is growing and it's growing gradually and it's growing very nicely.
Kevin Sayer: The trends are consistent over time, Ben. Our point is we are certainly we're certainly not better than we were a year ago as far as specific percentage increase. Things look very good if anything patients bought more sensors in Q4 than they did in Q3 so if we were to look at that raw data from an individual point and time it would look higher just of volumes but I wouldn't skew that because the year-end purchases. So we'll look this over time and things sort of things are very good to what we want to do.
Kevin Sayer: We run early phase studies on our technologies before we go to publication we are running early phase studies on several different versions of these products in the pipeline now. But as far as timing when I need to get share approved first and that is really our first foray into the Gen5 market that will be our first cloud-based mobile application where you can share your data with others. I think once we get that approval that will trigger a lot of efforts and a lot of thoughts on our partners to how we think accelerate things and how fast we can go. So now those product lines are both in pretty heavy development right now.
Kevin Sayer: G5 is going to be focused largely on connectivity, mobility and convenience. And it will come out more than likely as a series of launches rather than one big launch with the end goal of G5 being a simplified application system at the end, combined with connectivity to a phone in addition to be in connected to your receiver and cloud-based data. We'll go there in a series of steps. That system will use the Gen4 sensors currently configure but with new algorithms that we've developed over the course of the past few years that will improve accuracy and reliability.  With respect to the Gen6 system that's our first step towards doing a couple of three things, culminating some of the calibrations, getting the replacement claim or dosing claim so you can dose insulin and then ultimately eliminating finger sticks altogether.  As far as accuracy we'll see how much better we can get I mean as you heard comparing on the clinical data we've had on for example at ATTD Steven Russell where he did 10 which is pretty close to our meters anyway and lab instruments are the whole lot better than that. So we will continue to \pick up accuracy points.  The other thing that we know with Gen6 in the future is we'll eliminate the interference that we have some contraindications for and this goes along with what Terry said as we get to Gen6 sensor we can go to these other markets, we can go to the hospital because that sensor will block the effect of all the compounds that those patients are taking.  We can also go to may be a type two market as you would need necessarily all to calibration and if we get advanced enough as we talk about eliminating and that becomes a very simple system for some of the type 2 diabetes from type 2 diagnostics. So as far as timing we're going to keep that pretty much under wraps for now. 
Kevin Sayer: Bill we're not even on two shifts yet and our capacity is certainly above what we disclosed as 0.5 million a quarter. The manufacturing processes have begun much more robust and much more standard we've got plenty of space. We can replicate any of these equipment lines quite quickly. We grew 69% of our share on an operating plan that was 40% and we never missed the shipment. I don't think if -- flexible in this one so we are not concerned about that. 
Kevin Sayer: You know Terry and I have made the statement before as evolve into next generation of sensors we think we can get closer to 80% and that will require some changes in the fundamental assembly process and some moldings, some tooling so there’s a lot that’s got to go on there and we are working on all those things. One of the things that is just kind of an easy base hit for us the fact is being in San Diego with our overhead rates volume increases do a lot to help us on the censor manufacturing side.  So as we continue to grow it at very healthy percentages we pick up margin points there, we get more efficient. So right now we think as we look at ’14 we move to the higher end of our 70% to 75% range and over time we would have targets to go from 75% to 80% again assuming pricing remains the same and we have got plans to do that. There’s no question our guys are working on that and very cognizant of that on a daily basis. Michael Rich – Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay, great that’s helpful and then just as a house-keeping item. Kevin, can you give us an idea what percent of your hardware revenue in the quarter went to new patients?Michael Rich – Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: You know we gave the number at JP Morgan that we sold 60,000 G4 kits since the launch of the product in 2012 and that's kind of what we are and we gave 10% of those were the patients who already have one G4 system. So, that's where we stand with that. Obviously, as we sell more transmitters and have more patients buy a second transmitter because the first one runs out. Those numbers become even more cloudy for us internally. So, start with 60,000 G4 kit number we gave out in early January and can work back from there.Michael Rich – Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Kevin Sayer: That's a very good question. As we look at going forward as Terry's graduated and I am just starting school I guess would be the best way to describe it we have to balance three things. This continued accelerated revenue growth, our goal is always to grow the bottom line faster than the top and we will run the business that way. But the third piece of that is getting this innovation out to the market and how much do we spend to get these new products out and how much do we spend to expand our field efforts and get this get more people aware of our technology. So we are always balancing those three things. Our ratios have clearly improved in 2013 we would hope to continue in 2014 and certainly that's our plan. That being said as we look at our innovation opportunities as we look at clinical studies we plan to do as we look at possibly additional field expansion of things go very well, we'll kind of wait and see how those ratios shake out for next year. We really feel the need to keep going fast and go faster. And so that's how we look at it day-to-day. Okay. 
Kevin Sayer: What our biggest win there over the past few months is we're starting to gain traction to get reimbursement from the reimbursement authorities for CGM as a standalone. Couple of countries Switzerland and Slovenia have now approved CGM for patients and there are efforts ongoing in several of the larger countries as well because they see the benefit of that. Right now our European business is to a large extent cash pay from patients or also physicians who uses diagnostic they are not getting reimbursed by insurance as we get reimbursement and the European companies that will be our biggest driver in those other markets. 
Kimberly W. Gailun: Great thanks and congratulations to you both Kevin and Terry on today's announcement.  So I guess first question, I just wanted to follow up on the commentary around the attrition and the utilization. So in my model I’ve got attrition and I know you don't call it out, but I’ve got the attrition trending down pretty consistent recent saw on G4, and then the census for patients actually picking out modestly from third quarter to fourth quarter. So I guess, does that seem about right to you and just as we think about ’14, understanding the comments you made on the first quarter and the seasonality do you think that these two trends continue to improve or do you think you’ve reached a kind of stable working point.
Kimberly W. Gailun: Yes, that’s helpful. So I mean the implication is that yes there is a little bit of room for improvement. 
Kimberly W. Gailun: Yes, okay. And just a follow up I don’t know if you guys updated your expectations for the timing of buys in the U.S. 
Steven R. Pacelli: Yeah. I mean look at some point patients are gone continue to extend the life of the sensors. So there is no -- I mean I guess we can improve utilization by putting them…. 
Steven R. Pacelli: Yes they’re wearing it 10 days or 10 or so days that’s what three sensors a month and 14 days is two sensors a month. So it’s somewhere in between that. 
Steven R. Pacelli: So I think we said when we gave our guidance at JP Morgan we were pretty clear that we don’t have any contribution from our pump partners domestically in our guidance for ’14. There is some contribution obviously from Animas, it's been commercial in Europe for several years now. I think we’ve said this on multiple conferences, I think the relative importance of our pump partners sitting within where we are in 2014 and going forward is frankly it’s just less than it used to be.  Back in 2008, 2009 we were a much smaller organization with a much smaller sales force. Today we out man Animas probably is close to two to one in field. And Tandem is doing a great job of growing their sales force. So I think Tandem could certainly be more additive there. But I think the way I would really look at the pump partnerships going forward is they are kind of additive. I can’t give you specifics on how additive in terms of specific numbers of patients. I think you need to look and extrapolate what Tandem is going to give in terms of guidance and to the extent you can get information from Animas.  You know I think we look at additive they are certainly not transformative to us and I think particularly as we look to Gen5 and we move to the phone we believe patients are going to more than likely prefer to use their iPhone as the means of display and interaction with their CGM data than pulling out their pump. We even have some data that suggests in Europe patients who have been purchasing the [vial] can actually purchase a separate DexCom G4 PLATINUM receiver because often times patients try to hide their pump and it’s easier just to pull a G4 PLATINUM receiver out of their pockets.  So as we move to the phone I think that’s really as Kevin mentioned in the prepared remarks the convenience and connectivity of the phone is really where our future lies. 
Steven R. Pacelli: Well with respect to the sales force expansion we took care of that Q4. We added literally 30% more field bodies than we had before and that expansion was for intents complete by mid-Jan just a couple left to hire in early January and those have been hired. We have expanded as far as – at least today for 2013 and that expansion wasn't just really pediatric driven it was driven by all of our business territories and all of our reps who sell pediatric and regular patients. But our territories have been redone, our new reps are on the ground and doing very well, so the expansion has occurred with respect to utilization in pediatric patients.  We don't have separate data broken out anecdotally that I can speak and Terry or Kevin can add. In a very young pediatric patient you have a parent that's driving therapy, so a parent is going to make the decision to have the child use the sensor all the time as the pediatric patients get older particularly in their teenage years that utilization becomes little bit different as kids don't want to have everything connected to their bodies all the time. But our utilization should be at least equal to if not better than it is for adults in the pediatric market particularly as you look at the younger segment. 
Steven R. Pacelli: Well sensor prices are computed on a per day reimbursement rate with our payers and that $70 reflects an average of about $10 a day for our sensor-ware. As we go out further overtime our best chance for price increases is probably extending the wear more days versus 7 days and getting a price increase that way. On a per day basis possibly if we made calibrations we could get some of that but ultimately we are committed to the fact that this therapy is going to have to save money in our current healthcare environment if it's going to continue to grow and be successful.  So we are running our business planning on driving our cost down, being as efficient as possible and being able to deal with whatever pricing scenario comes our way. If we can replace finger sticks and have a sub 10 MARD with our sensor it might be feasible that we go ask for more pricing but we are not focused on that today, we need to get there first. 
Steven R. Pacelli: And then again we have never had our margin -- we never as we talked about margins going up driven them up based on increased prices. It's always been on improvement in our processes. The key word there is automation. A lot of the things that we do today we still assemble applicators and there is still a lot of manual processes in the things that we do. We have plans to automate a lot of those things overtime that are largely dependent how quickly we go with our future product generations.  Another thing that will help margins overtime, just margins as a percentage when we go to the cell phone model of Gen5 the receiver won't be as intricate. We may lose a few dollars on the revenue side with respect to selling fewer receivers that will pick up or as we add more customers and sell more sensors to those customers. So you would see a mix shift in the sales of our disposable products. But automation gets us there, on our future product designs we don't design anything without it being cost effective and more cost effective that what it's replacing.  So these guys have been innovating for a number of years, in fact we kind of joke about it. We've got everything stacked, we've got five years of innovation stacked right on top of each other. But we need to get out the door and get through the agency. These designs are lot more cost effective than what we do today. 
Steven R. Pacelli: I don't think our estimates were off per say I do think we had a bigger attrition policy here is the other factors. We don't have great visibility in the Medtronic numbers we know what our numbers are and look pretty comfortable at what percentage penetration we have into the type 1 market in the U.S. And I think while our attrition on SEVEN PLUS may be have been little bit worse than we had initially anticipated as we converted.  I think we remain very comfortable with our prior statements where we were and particularly over the course of this past year and 2013 and where we're very growing it's hard sometime I think to compare apples-to-apples between our numbers and the numbers that Medtronic puts out because our patients go on CGM and they continue to use CGM on a go forward basis.  We believe that Medtronic numbers are a number of things patients who made private sensor may fall off to sensor but also they record revenues in sensor utilization for a completely different product for their iPro product which is really just a diagnostic product.  If they lump that into kind of patients using CGM it's not really apples-to-apples because these are not patients who are using CGM on real time basis going forward. These are patients who might use it once a quarter or once or twice a year. So it's hard to characterize those in my opinion as real time CGM users. So it gets really tough to quantify when we don’t have great visibility into their numbers as to have what the overall CGM penetration into the type one spaces.
Steven R. Pacelli: We’ve gave the guidance that’s obviously and that guidance assumes a pretty healthy new patient add rate. And over the course of the year and we’re talked about our reduced attrition rate et cetera. So yes, I mean we assume that we at DexCom are going to continue to penetrate and grow our share of the type I space in the US for sure. 
Steven R. Pacelli: Well, it’s not too early for the conversation, it is too early for the implementation. But we have long been of the position that we are quite willing to go at risk with the payer opportunity, to say to the payers set forth to your strategy the patient group that you would like as to address. And we are willing I said go at risk. And along with that in the end if we save the payer system money we want to share in the savings. So I think that's what is eventually going to happen and are going to first see that physician level from payment. They’re going to get paid for success.  But I’m not of the belief personally that the industry that is addressing this population are also going to have to have some skin in the game in the future as part of this whole payment structure. And I do believe and it’s pretty clear that to use A12 as the criteria, every -- that you’ve ever seen to my knowledge that’s not probably met analysis but in direct studies demonstrate a significant reduction in A1C depending upon the patient entering baseline, but reduction in A1C with the utilization of CGM versus any other technology within the diabetes space.  So I do see that as something coming forward. And we’re happy being part of that question. I think it’s a great opportunity for us than to really showcase what we can do at that environment, but it’s literally at a discussion stage not in an implementation stage. That said, I will diverge just for a second and that is in the hospital market. And why I get so excited about G4 is good enough to be in the hospital and some of the attributes that Kevin talked about will drive it even further.  That market is clearly one in which if there is [recidivism] of a patient than the hospital doesn’t get paid. So they already are experienced that pushback from the government. And there is a lot of dialog that’s going on at the endocrinology level about trying to achieve a certain level not only of A1C, but actual recording of average glucose levels in order to keep them between a certain bandwidth where they started to allow that to ease up to around 180. And then on some of the criterias as we want these patients back closer to 140. And so there is -- as how do you get them to 140 without starving them basically while they’re in the hospital.  And that is actually a very active dialog that is being communicated amongst endocrinology population. And that’s what we sit in quite easily. I mean there is better way to get a patient to 140. Keep them north of 80 to below 140 and what CGM. And then you have to really worry about what’s the reading and last thing you want to do is start the patient in a hospital setting just to achieve some artificial level of glycemic control. 
