Jereme Sylvain: Hey, thanks, Robbie. This is Jereme. Appreciate the comments. I can take that one and we address it from there. In terms of what the contribution was this quarter from basal, obviously we had a really strong quarter this quarter, record new patients once again and obviously raised the guide on the year. Now some of that does come from basal. There's no question there as we continue to open up reimbursement. The new patients are coming along and Kevin mentioned it. We're starting to see basal follow similar patterns to type two intensive, which, when you think about coming into this year, it's about 40% to 45% adoption, but really the curve is starting to follow that. So we're very excited about the opportunity there. And so that's in the US and certainly clearly that's playing out here.  In terms of OUS, it's a great opportunity. One of the things we've seen outside the US is as access is created creates significant opportunities for growth. And you've seen our actions over the course of the past few years. We've created a lot of access for our products, and in turn our international markets have grown incredibly well and there's a large population outside the US that that this would ultimately apply it to once you have basal coverage.  So it could be an absolute - an absolute tailwind for us for years and years to come. It's something obviously we're very excited about. We don't get ahead of ourselves, right? We have to get that coverage in place. But the bullishness you hear about the US experience is what we would expect to see as more and more coverage comes and so we leave very excited about the future holds. 
Jereme Sylvain: Yeah, so thanks for the question, Larry. So, in terms of where the guide goes, I think you're right, it does imply a tad of a d-cell. Most of that I would say is related to really comps historically over time. And Larry you've tracked us for a while. So as we move more out of commercial, DME and into pharmacy, typically we have enough uptick into Q4 in those DME environments. As more and more of our of our folks go through the retail channel, you kind of lose some of that.  So really you're playing about it's really about seasonality within the course of a year. So we're not trying to imply anything. Really what we're trying to say is, this is the trajectory we see it going with seasonality. This is our - again, our base case, as we start to look at guidance over the course of the year. And so the trends - underlying trends if there's nothing to say there. I mean the underlying trends in this business remains strong.  I don't think we're trying to imply anything other than that. We do expect you kind of referenced Japan. There could be around the fringes until we go direct a little bit of a stable as opposed to necessarily growing story around Japan. And so that is around the fringe, but that represents a really small piece of the business on the international side. Really what you're seeing is just us being mindful about seasonality in our base case and then certainly if we can outperform, we'll do what we traditionally do, which is tried to do so. 
Jereme Sylvain: Yeah, really appreciate the congrats. Thanks. What we see is and Terry is here. So what I can do is, I can give you kind of what we're seeing maybe numbers wise, but maybe Terry can kind of take you into the day-to-day interaction with patients. Numbers wise, we haven't seen much of a change at this point. The population does has reorders relatively in the same capacity as in the past.  And so that's a good early indicator, but maybe Terry can take you through what she's hearing and seeing in the field around the excitement around basal and who wants to use it. 
Jereme Sylvain: Yeah. And Matt it's and thank you for that study. Obviously, we saw it as well. In terms of timing, I think one of the things that our obligation as a management team is to make sure as we start to see it as we launch products that are geared to this population, we keep you in line with what we see. So we can have a collective understanding about where that market is going over time. So be assured as we start to get more line of sight into and obviously, you can tell we're very bullish on the opportunity. We'll make sure we communicate that as quarters proceed. 
Jereme Sylvain: Yeah. And then to your question on operating margin and how our spend profile lays out, it’s certainly a great quarter and I think we're really happy with it. At the end of the day, we raised our full year guidance to 19% on the Op margin perspective and that's on the back of some of the work we're doing around it. At Investor Day we talked about a cost to execute initiative and a lot of that was around driving profitability. So I think you can expect us to continue to look at driving operating margin over time. There will be ebbs and flows as we invest in the business for growth. And so, I think it's reasonable to expect ebbs and flows, but I'll kind of rewind back to where we started the year, right? When we are JPMorgan we issued guidance of around 16.5% operating margin and now we're talking about exiting the year at 19%.  And that's just all around the work of just being highly efficient around how we deliver service, how we deliver support, how we look to acquire customers. All of the things that we try to do. You can tell we are absolutely focused on making sure we do so in an efficient manner while continuing to reinvest in the business. 
Jereme Sylvain: Yeah. And Jeff, no, Marge and concerns. No question. This is really far for the course in what we do in terms of iterations over time. A lot of times you don't necessarily hear about it. We went through this with the G6, you'll remember it, We had a transmitter swap out which ultimately came through at a lower cost higher performance.  I would expect more of these types of changes over time whether it's software, and hardware as we continue to make improvements to the platform over time as part of just continuous improvement.
Jereme Sylvain: Well, and that also accommodates a lot of our tandem pumpers because they get a lot of their products. Supplies through the DME channel to you Jeff. So, this has been well thought out. 
Jereme Sylvain: Yeah, so we think about the buybacks in multiple different ways. Certainly, we want to limit dilution and that's something we always think about as we launch converts. One of the other things we do, when we launch converts is obviously they come at a lower cash cost. And so when we have the opportunity to take the incremental cash that we're making through those and give that back to shareholders, we certainly do so. And then, look, at the end of the day well it's not for us to comment on share price. That’s certainly for others. We are highly, highly, highly bullish on our business over the long term. And so when we see an opportunity to invest in our business, either in the form of investment and capabilities, or by purchasing stock back, we certainly want to take those opportunities,. Whether or not we, we do these all the time, look, it’s been two consecutive years we've done that. So it's something we'll certainly always look at. You can tell we're not shy about it, but we'll always take a look at it and make sure that we're opportunistic around it, as well as you know, representing the bullishness we have in our business. 
Jereme Sylvain: No, that's exactly it. You're asking kind of the why the reason, Marie, I mean, we have clinicians tell us all the time to administer drugs as potent as these are and ultimately to ensure that they are effective both while they're on the drug and while they're coming off the drug and how they ultimately engage going forward.  There's a high correlation of interest in CGM and the more and more folks we speak to they're saying, why wouldn't you want to understand what's going on in the body has to how to better understand, one to titrate the drugs, but then how to change behaviors and get folks off the drugs over the long haul. So you're just seeing more and more of that and the script data proves it. 
Jereme Sylvain: Yeah. So, easy answers, basal expected 2024 in France. Timing exactly will depend on the government bodies, but we expect it in the first half of 2024 and the approximate contribution from the business being spun off is $30 million annual run rate. 
Jereme Sylvain: Yeah, hey, Matt this is Jereme. I can take this. And by the way, it's all intentional, right? We have a commercial team that's done an incredible job of identifying areas to go and doctors to really certainly focus on where we can come in with the products demonstrate obviously it's the most accurate, certainly, it's easy to use.  And with the coverage we have, I think it really demonstrates to the physicians and their prescribing patterns. Look, we can we have the lowest out of pockets for these patients and we can ultimately keep them on therapy and adherence for a much longer period. So, I think that in addition to obviously G7 and all the features it has inherent and it has allowed these physicians to make the change.  But it's so wonderful product, wonderful coverage and absolutely intentionality by the sales team. I mean just it's a great job by those - that team identifying who those targets are going out there and addressing it. So, it's no coincidence and that 18,000 incremental prescribers, a significant amount in the PCP space and a lot of folks are switching.  These PCPs are switching from who they prescribe today and moving over to Dexcom. So we're really proud of it and obviously it was a 1,000 in the first quarter, 8,000 in the second quarter and another 9,000 this quarter. So it is the message is getting out and its meaningful. 
Jereme Sylvain: Yeah, and then, your question was as how much - what more do we need to go. The answer is, it's not more. A lot of commercial payers were already really covering this. Now Terry referenced we have the most wide covered - coverage on basal. It's really now just - it's time. It takes time to get in front of payers, Medicaid payers, government payers.  And so, it's, it's just canvassing, and by the way, this is not something that we didn't face with type 1, it's not something we didn't face with type 2 intensive. And so just give us time, but a majority of people walking around with using basal insulin now have access to CGM technology. It's a wonderful thing to the population. 
Kevin Sayer: Margaret, it’s Kevin, I'll take that. We have had discussions with the societies on expanding coverage for people with type 2 diabetes not on insulin. And those discussions continue. We've seen a gradual uptick for lack of a better word in the guidelines as CGM use from all professionals societies over the last several years.  And as we gather more data, as we see more data come in from studies we’re aware of over the next 12 months, we believe we can continue to build a better case. Every time we run a study or look at a study from this population in this group, people on CGM do better. It's just simple. They have better outcomes. They're more adherent to their meds. They have a feedback loop that they don't have any other way.  We're very excited about this opportunity. That's why we're going with the product where we've talked about filing before the end of the year and launching next year, our product is designed for people not on insulin. And we think it's going to be a great product offering on this front going forward. So we're looking forward to it, and I think we'll be able to write this script the same way we've written the script in our industry so far. 
Kevin Sayer: Well, certainly, we think about partnering with the drug companies, but they're doing so well. Right now, they're very busy. We do have relationships them and have had discussions. With respect to studies we certainly talk about some of those internally.  We saw clinical evidence over at the EASD Meeting recently where that was a large topic of discussion that the team brought back and we're very aware of studies coming out over the first half of 2024 that are going to show some of these data for the use of these combo of these new drugs and CGM in combination and how that works for people.  So we know there's evidence coming in investigator initiated studies. And we're looking at some of our own right now. I think today will continue to support it. 
Kevin Sayer: You know what? I'll take that one. And I appreciate the question and that's long been our view. And in fact, one of the things I tell the guys here frequently is, well, it took us many years to build the intensive insulin marketing and get this technology adopted rapidly. I don't believe the curve is going to be near that long in this type two world.  Once people start using this product and we gear an experience towards what will be meaningful to them, because what is meaningful to them is different than the ones meaningful to our current patients again driven by the performance of our product, and they have accurate data. But once we get an experience that enhances their lives with respect to the performance of their medications for what exercise does, what they're various nutrition does in their lives and can add other insights from other sensors we think we can create a tremendous healthcare experience in this market.  And we do think we can ultimately push towards reimbursement and possibly we encouraged to have a new product category, altogether for those individuals. We are pretty thrilled about it. I think it's going to be a great, great opportunity. 
Kevin Sayer: Yeah, thanks for that question. I'll take the, the portion on gross margin and then Jereme can talk about operating margin. So, with gross margin, we're really thrilled with the results this quarter. It's really a testament to how well our operations teams are executing across both G6 and G7. Our yields on the G7 scale up were a little ahead of where we planned which is a fantastic thing to in place to be.  As we look at the transition from the AID patients from G6 to G7, one of the things that is implied in our guide there for gross margin for the year and into next year as we look in the long range, we are going to be switching those patients over G7, which G7 today is at a slightly lower gross margin just based on the where it is and its product life cycle. G6 is a higher margin product today.  Over time, as we do switch our base all over to G7 and continue to scale that product, we have a very good path to getting to lower costs than G6 on that over time. But what we're trying to be on that guidance transparent around the margin - gross margin for the product just as we do that transition. 
Kevin Sayer: Yeah, thanks. Thanks for the question, Jeff. So, yeah, as we continually scale the G7 platform, we've actually made several enhancements to the product both on the software side. But also on the hardware side items. And so we actually recently made an update to the Bluetooth capability on the product, both increasing the frequency that it can reconnect to a device, as well as the performance of the Bluetooth radio itself. So that product is compatible with the tandem pump and is already shipping globally, both here in the US and internationally. And we don't expect there to be any issue with people being able to upgrade their tandem pumps to the G7 compatibility. 
Kevin Sayer: No, there's nothing you're missing there. There's a product that'll be out in all channels. And so really I think what you're hearing is, is timing questions about when you burn through things. That's, I think more anecdotal than anything else. Everybody's going to be able to have access to this thing in short order. It might start through the DME, just because that's the channel that you can generally start through. But this product will be available everywhere. 
Kevin Sayer: Well, this is Kevin. I'll have Jeremy jump into because he's more familiar with the underlying data than I am. But the underlying data as we research as much as we can indicates with the new compounds of the physicians are also prescribing CGM for the GLP-1 users as they add GLP-1 to diabetes therapies they're already existing. They want to give these patients a scoreboard to let them know how they're doing and they're seeing very good results from the GLP-1s in combination with other therapies, they're on. And then you add a sensor to it, you can see. Okay, I've taken this drug and look at my habits have changed.  Look how my average glucose has changed over the course of a week or a month versus where it was before. And so we think we're a vital tool in a very good tool and the underlying data that we're seeing in prescriptions supports that. I don’t know Jereme if you have anything else to add. 
Kevin Sayer: And over time, we'll look for reimbursement. We've talked about this as a cash pay option to start and that's how we'll do it as far as the exact pricing that remains to be determined when we launch. We are not going to give that out yet. So we're excited as you can tell.
Kevin Sayer: No, we do have a cash pay program right now with G7. But we've not done anything significant. I'll go back mainly to our coverage. I mean, G7 coverage is coming to a rate much faster than anything we've done before. Not just on the basal side, but also on the intensive insulin side in every place else. So we're widely covered and people find it very easy to get and very easy to pick it up in the channel that they choose to pursue.  And we offer the cash pay program and that there are people taking advantage of it. They like G7. They liked the different form factor. The ease of use in the things that we offer. So we have seen an increase there. But it's not something we're pushing really hard. 
Kevin Sayer: Like, we have done numerous studies and every time we introduce CGM to this population, we see lower A1C, higher time and range and all the other vital signs of these patients get better. And so, we're confident that we have a positive impact. I'll add a couple of other things that we've heard in my own travels and travels with the group.  One of the things everybody is concerned about is adherence to meds. With CGM, we can - patients can see what happens when they adhere to their meds. And when they taken it whichever type two therapy they're on, they can see what happens if they take their metformin every morning or their SGLT two pill or even the effect of their GLP-1 injection every week, they can see what happens and that adherence the drugs leads to better, health on overall basis.  And let's be clear. It's not like diabetes growth to slow down anywhere. Diabetes still continues to grow rapidly in the constant diabetes care, as great as all of our technologies have been continues to increase. So, if we can be a cog in that wheel to whereby we add an element of cost, it's not that significant when you look at the grand scheme of things, but can reduce many other costs and could reduce complications as they spend on other things and possibly slow down the train on some of the meds people have to move to. We think we have a great role to play here.  And that's how we look at it. I don't think it's going to take five years. I think this is more of two to three year journey, but you know what, that's the gospel according to me. I don't have anything else to base that on, but you'll see data continue to pile up in this segment particularly as we launch a cash pay product to start and then get some basic reimbursement from that from others for making our case.  Obviously, building a case with CMS like we did for mobile on basal that was data produced by Dexcom. We're pretty good at that. So we'll keep pushing. 
Kevin Sayer: Thank you. This was truly a banner quarter for us. This was our first quarter with over $200 million in year-over-year quarterly growth. And the second consecutive quarter of record financial performance and market share gains on all fronts. Our G7 launch remains in its early stages. There is tremendous amount of minimum left in this launch with our plan upgrades to the system and also, our upcoming AID integrations.  In addition to continuing to perform in these traditional metrics, our company’s growth is a world-class organization on a number of fronts continues to be recognized. Dexcom is recognized by Forbes as one of the top five organizations to work for in the State of California. By the way, three of the top five universities, so we're one of two companies in that group. We’re recognized by News Week as one of the 300 top green organizations acknowledging our great work our teams to advance our sustainability initiatives and we are considering this very thoroughly in all of our product development efforts going forward.  Finally, we've been recognized by FAST Technologies as one of the brands that matters. Great honors for our company. I want to thank everybody here at Dexcom who makes these great things happen and thank everybody for your continued support. Thank you. 
Terry Lauver: Sure. Thanks, Jeremy and thanks, Danielle. The trends as Kevin referenced that we see in basal in terms of uptake and intention to prescribe from the physicians mirror what we've seen in other segments of the marketplace And the coverage has certainly a big driver of that, We track coverage very closely for Dexcom for the industry. And in basal as with the rest of the market, Dexcom continues to be the most covered CGM with the lowest out-of-pocket copay.  We also have the benefit of being out in front of the payers and the healthcare providers with the mobile study demonstrating the benefit and the outcomes that Dexcom drives for this population. So we see a nice trajectory I think in line with what we would expect and we expect that to continue. 
Terry Lauver: And Caitlin, hi, it's Terry. Thanks for the question. This product, like, all of our products starts with unique insights into the needs of our customers. So, we're really excited to bring a product to the market that is designed specifically for those who are not on insulin. This is a highly motivated group, but it has different needs, different health needs, different lifestyle needs, and different products and feature needs versus those who are on insulin.  So we've designed the product specifically for that group understanding what additional medications they might be on. And we are excited to bring this to the market probably in summer of next year, is what we're tracking to. 
Terry Lauver: Thanks Steve. It's Terry. We're only about six months since the implementation of that CMS decision. So it's still an evolving landscape for the problematic hypoglycemia group. But we see a real opportunity to continue to build coverage with the payers to continue to educate them.  And to build education with the HCP community keeping in mind that this is a population where historically we haven't thought a lot about CGM use and utilization. But the data that we now have that supported the CMS decision and that we will continue to build to bring to the payers is really compelling. So we see a tremendous opportunity here and one that's still quite niche – and with a lot of upside in the future. 
Terry Lauver: This is Terry. Happy to take that one. We track coverage very closely for Dexcom and for the industry and Dexcom is the most covered CGM with the lowest out of socket copay. That is true for the overall population in US commercial lives and it's also true for the basal population. That I would say, keep in mind that we were out with the mobile study in front of the payers, even before the CMS decision came through. So we continue to look into lead in the coverage for this population. 
