Kevin Ronald Sayer: Thank you very much. And good afternoon, everyone, we appreciate you listening to our fourth quarter 2016 earnings call. We'll start off with our Safe Harbor statement from Steve Pacelli.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Thank you, Steve. Joining me today are Steve Pacelli, our Executive Vice President of Strategy and Corporate Development; Jess Roper, our Chief Financial Officer; and Kevin Sun our Vice President of Finance. Before I begin, l would like to take this opportunity to congratulate Jess on his pending retirement. We wish Jess the best and thank him for his many important contributions over the past several years. Jess has helped us scale through our period of tremendous growth and has assembled a very capable team led by our VP of Finance, Kevin Sun, who will serve as our interim CFO until we complete a search for a new one. Now, let me highlight a few exciting recent developments for DexCom, before I turn the call over to Steve to review our fourth quarter 2016 financial results. 2016 was a very big year for us. In December, five months after our positive advisory panel meeting, we achieved a landmark milestone in attaining the first-ever non-adjunctive or insulin dosing indication from the Food and Drug Administration. As a result of this approval, a new classification of therapeutic CGM has been established. This was a monumental achievement and I'm very proud of the DexCom team whose hard work over a number of years helped to make this a reality for our patients. DexCom G5 Mobile is the only glucose measurement device that is FDA approved for therapeutic decision-making. And in early January, as the directors hold off our label expansion, Medicare issued a positive ruling providing us the opportunity to bring this life-saving technology to our senior population here in the United States. Together with the advances we are making to our technology platform, we see a clear path to making the vision we have when the company first started this journey a reality, eliminating fingersticks altogether. As you can probably tell, we've never been more excited about the work we're doing here at DexCom for people with diabetes. With that, I will now turn the call over to Steve for a review of our financials, after which I will expand on these accomplishments and provide a business update.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Well, things continue to go well in Germany as reimbursement expands. We only have a partial group of the payers covered with specific contracts at this point in time, and we're reaching out to the rest of them. Those efforts will continue over the course of the year, Mike, and certainly we'd like to have a large percentage of them. I can't really give you where that is. Obviously, we'll shoot for 100%, but inevitably there ends up being nits along the way, but so far so good. The growth has been very good, so far in Germany, products are being very well received. As I said back in January, we're doing well with CGM in Germany. With respect to the MACs, we're just starting those discussions. And I believe as I said back in January, as a goal for us, we would love to have all this resolved by the middle of the year. But again, I also said in January that we weren't expecting approval till 2018. So, we have plans, we are working on presentations, meetings, et cetera well. We'll go as quick as we can.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Yeah. There won't be any – there's no benefit in this quarter. The only thing that I wouldn't help though is we're getting a lot of phone calls from Medicare patients who would like it. So, we are optimistic for the opportunity once we can really go out and market this and present more. And we have a lot of opportunities in the pipeline waiting for the coverage.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: We will file the G6 system first. That trial will be done first. And then Verily filing will reference the G6 filing, particularly all the manufacturing of the sensor. And then we'll see where the filings go and what additional work we have to do. Obviously, we'll have to validate and verify all the electronics configurations and probably run some kind of study with that system since it will be a no calibration system. And it will be labeled different more than likely than the G6 because of the calibrations. So, we'll file G6 first, but the Verily configuration will come certainly not too long after that. We'll push pretty hard.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Let's start with the non-adjunctive labeling change. For any of you who've seen our marketing campaigns, we have been marketing to that and the response from the public has been very well in our DTC campaigns with the non-adjunctive claim and therapeutic use of CGM. So, we are seeing some benefit to that right now. With respect to our guidance for the year, we reaffirmed in our call our guidance for the year. We have not really considered Medicare in those numbers at this point in time. And there will be moving pieces once Medicare gets approved, and we'll update everybody after we have that. I think Medicare will be very good for us. But we really need to know what group of patients is going to be covered, so we can peg it to a population and look at how many of those patients we can add. And we don't have that guidance yet, Mike. And when we get that, we'll provide you guys with more information.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: We don't have an update on timing. We received questions from the FDA and we are finishing our response to those. We will submit those. I would tell you the only factor in G5x timing for us – this is a very complicated change for us as I've talked about it before. We have to change pretty much every manufacturing process that we do with respect to G5x to get that thing launched. So, the sooner we can get started, the better, but it is complicated because patients will be on G5 and G4 and G5x and so there's a very detailed plan that we have to roll out. I don't have a timing update today. We'll see how our responses are received by the FDA and combine that with the complexity of just receiving a non-adjunctive claim as well. So, this is a very thoughtful process by the FDA that they're putting us through and that we're going through, and it needs to align with everything that we do.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: We've had the risk discussions and now that the DIaMonD data is rolled out, it does become a very strong talking point that we'd never had before. I would tell you, Ben, internally, we're not opposed to risk-sharing arrangements with the payers, particularly as we look at the DIaMonD data, and the type of A1c reduction we achieved, the minimal amount of severe hypoglycemic events that have gone on, that our past experience in our studies, where our patients have very few severe hypoglycemic events, hence, not a lot of hospitalization cost as well. The challenge for us in these types of contracts has not been our willingness to accept risk. It's been figuring out how to structure them based on the information that the payers have about their patients combining that with the information that we have regarding the performance of our systems. I'll give you a simple example. If a payer said, I'll do a risk-sharing arrangement with you, but you have to produce a report from the patient and if that patient chooses to use the receiver instead of the phone app, we don't necessarily have that patient's data readily accessible. So, it creates some different types of scenarios. And so, we're pursuing all of those. We've had very active discussions. They're interactive. They're lively. We're willing to accept some risk there. It's what we just need to get a few of these done. I'm hoping for some really good outcomes over the course of 2017 on that front.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: It was closer to 100, little between 100 and 110. And most of those reps were added over the course of Q4 and early in Q1. So, we've been through our training and got these people on the street, and going. I would tell you whenever you have an expansion of this nature, it is a bit disruptive. It'll take the new ones a bit of time to get up to speed and our existing sales force a bit of time to get used to their readjusted territories.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Yeah. We think the opportunity is huge, particularly as we look to the future and we know – we know ultimately the day will come where this fight is going to be fought. It's not being fought today at the payer level even more so – not just in the U.S. but in the O-U.S. markets where pumps are really probably less than 10% penetrated and in many markets far less than that. So, we think the – we're very bullish on the opportunity for smart pens. We believe many companies both insulin companies and non-insulin companies are working on smart pen development, a number of licensor are working and announced publicly they're working with different algorithms and different software developers. So, I think over the next 18 to 24 months we're pretty excited to see some of the products that can come to market. I think much like our sensors driving some of the work we're doing on the automated insulin delivery systems with some of the pump partners, you're going to see really the real value in these systems. We'll be integrating that insulin on board information from a smart pen together with our CGM data in a single unified app on the phone. And we can do some pretty powerful stuff there. So, we start demonstrating outcomes with a smart pen together with CGM data and providing patients with dosing support information, behavior modification information. Really, at a fraction of cost of some more complex systems, I think we really have a home run there.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Sure. I'll take that one, Kyle. From a customer service perspective, obviously we need to be ready on the phone to talk to these people. And we've made a lot of investments just in underlying IT tools to make our team more effective and enable them to handle more calls and have more of a knowledge-based type system as they address when they work with these patients. And so, we believe we're ready for this. We are also expanding our call center operations in Q2. We're going to take our facility in Arizona and have a second call center over there. Several of our people actually are moving from San Diego over there to man that. So, we won't have a bunch of start-up time to get up and running. We'll have some great people over there working and that will help us as well. With respect to utilization, it's been interesting as we've gone through analytics on our patient base. Forever, our most loyal patient group has been the over 50. The over 50 patients, while they're on this, they have not left us. They have been very, very loyal. So, I think what you'll see with these patients is very similar to what Steve talked about as we broaden the patient base. It will probably be a function of – they'll start off and if they don't like it, they'll quit fast, and if they like it, we will, we think we can keep them on for a very long time. And it's our job and our challenge to make sure that quick-fast thing doesn't happen. And we have to make our system. We have a team called Dexcom CARE that reaches out to patients and can train them directly on tools like Skype and FaceTime, and things like that. We need to make sure that group is heavily involved with our senior population as we ramp them up. And we'll do that, and we're working on that. So, we're optimistic that they'll stay.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Probably not. Well, not ADA. Hopefully, we can do something before the end of the year. I mean we have initial data in-house, but it's in a limited number of patients, so it's not something that we're – we typically wait until the study is pretty well baked. We don't attend (39:39) patient in-house studies and something we spend a lot of time talking about. I can tell you there's a lot of people at Google who walk around with this thing as well. There's a pretty good data set, but we're not – probably not in ADA, maybe later in the year.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: We continue to support several integrated insulin delivery systems and we'll continue to do so. We have built our company on the concept that our goal is CGM first. And these guys will tell you I walk around the hall all-day long, and saying, some more sensors, some more sensors, some more sensors. I think there will be some benefit to the integrated systems. We have to drive our business based on the information through reimbursement and sales dynamics that we have today. And so, we're focused on that and we'll see where our investments and our relationships and partnerships pay off over time.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: We're not really actively marketing. We are getting a lot of enquiries about that and it is indicated as CMS approved. So, people call and ask us to market that. The physician – individuals can get approved CMS reimbursement on their own if they apply and go through the process of getting into dual reimbursement. We are not leading those efforts. We are guiding towards getting more clarification from the MACs and CMS in general, so we can get it approved and then make it easier for the entire population.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: That's a fantastic question and one that we debate and struggled with. And one of the reasons quite frankly you'll see over the next several quarters large capital equipment investments for us as we build out an alternative manufacturing facility in Arizona. We need to be ready to handle this type of volume. And it is going to be different. Many of these patients, for example, won't wear sensors all the time. They may wear four sensors a year. So, even our relationship with these patients is going to be different. The call will be different. We're doing a lot of studies and a lot of work right now to figure out what that market's going to look like. We think a lot of it will be payer-driven. These patients don't spend a lot of money on fingerstick today for us to go in and offer a solution. Similar with Type 1 patients are paying, we know doesn't work. So, intermittency jam (47:00) will be a reality for these patients and how much are we going to spend a year, and how many sensors are patients going to wear and what we're working on is just developing thoughts as to what those programs look like and what type of benefit they could provide. But again, as we've shown in our investor slides in a two- to four-week period, we can see some of these patients taking their estimated A1c down more than a full point and their average glucose values move down significantly, because they don't get feedback from anything like CGM. And it really enables patients to pull the three levers that there are in taking care of Type 2 diabetes, medication, exercise and diet. And by pulling those three levers and getting real-time feedback in a mechanism that's easy to look at, their phones, say, hey, well, maybe I ought to do something a little bit different. We see dramatic results. In fact, somebody I talked to the other day was looking at Type 2 study data and said, do you realize this is more significant than any Type 2 drug I've ever seen? I said, yeah, I do. And so, we know the opportunities there. It is going to be a different business model, Danielle, and we really have to give it a lot of thought and go pretty quickly and develop a lot of data. I think there will be a lot of exciting announcements from us. We're going to have to be creative. We're going to have to think differently than we have in the past, but we're preparing to do that and having a lot of fun trying to put it together.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: We hope to open up the market with that product. We are doing work now with our Gen 5 product even with the two calibrations a day and getting very good results from that. But that is one thing we would certainly like to focus on. If we could accelerate and go faster with our current configuration, we can. But we're somewhat cost-constrained today due to the cost of the hardware and the fact that it is reusable now. So just – that is a product certainly will drive this market with. The app, for example, could look a little different than what we have today, but still provide the same data, just maybe in a little different format. There's a lot of decisions to be made as we go forward.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: There's a lot of work to do I agree, Steve. Although I guess the caveat that I would add, if we went by the assumption that Type 2 intensive insulin using CMS patients had access to CGM and we could see very positive outcomes there as we gather data from the phone systems in particular, we would have a very good case to go back to payers with that we don't have today. So, this might provide us a wonderful opportunity to go do that. We just need to see how it plays out.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: But we just – we did that to give ourselves a bit of hedge. I don't think anybody would be happy if it were 2021, but you know what, there's a lot going on in our industry that will be moving between now and when that product gets launched, and there's a lot of variables that are under our control at this point in time. So, we did that to be a little conservative. We have very aggressive timelines for that system and we'll stick with them.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Of all the initiatives we started, this is the one that has moved, quite frankly, slower than anything that we wanted to. And the key, there have been two factors that have made it slower than we liked. Number one, we want to maintain a certain level of pricing, so we've had opportunities to move from time to time, where pricing is just prohibited and we're not willing to set these options, and the other one in, in all honesty, our providers, our payers, everybody does not share the same sense of urgency with our technology that we do, whereas we see this opportunity to make it wonderful for people to go to the drugstore and pick this up. By the time somebody from accounting goes back and figures out how many Type 1 patients they have in their system and how many Type 1 patients through CGM, and then it takes time and we've had numerous creative proposals by our payer team to get us to pharmacy then with more of that literally have – they haven't died, they're just being evaluated beyond belief. And we would love to go there. I think as we go forward, in 2020, when we're selling the Verily mandate-type product for 2021, if I go with the conservative, that has to be sold at the drugstore. We can't handle the demand that we're going to have for this number of patients, even in Type 2 with 20 million patients as you look at penetrating that in at a rate of intermittent use much higher than what we have now, those products all have to be sold on the drugstore and the reimbursement channel has to change. For our current Type 1 population that change has not happened this quickly as we'd like it. And quite frankly, it hasn't had to sustain our growth. Over time, we believe that's where our technology needs to be and we're going to look at some different approaches, some different contract-type approaches. And maybe quite frankly keeping some of it in the DME and trying to get it easier for patients to get to system, one of the things we see in the first quarter as deductibles reset. My e-mails, my negative e-mails bounced around as to what I get. And now, in the first quarter, what I get from everybody is, hey, why can't I get my stuff? And usually the response is from customer service because their deductible reset, because we have to get all these new documentation and stuff. So, I think what you'll see from us going forward, we will continue to try and go to pharmacy where it makes sense and those cases where we're just not going to crack that barrier. What we want to do is decrease the documentation load to try and get it easier for patients to get on and to stay on and make it easier for them to buy the system.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Yeah, in the selected financial markets. And again, remember we launched the new configuration of our receiver in the fall. And so, as we've sold more receivers that we've grown since last fall, those receivers won't be subject to this initiative. But the patients in Europe got the same letter the patients did in the U.S. when we started the recall procedure. This isn't anything new to us. And we've been talking with many of the countries for months and many of the countries are signed off on what we did in the U.S. and felt it was good enough. We continue to have a piece of paper in the sensor box reminding people please test the other functionality of your receiver. Many of the countries felt that was good enough. Some of the others are still evaluating, some including the one that we read about recently, have decided it isn't. They want us to recall the devices that may be subject to failure and replace them with the newer configuration in the interest of patient safety, and we'll do that.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Yes. I would say it's too early to tell on the first part of your question. We're not deep enough in discussions on what the scope is going to look like. But you're correct in that under Part B, where we reside, there are only four MACs that need to actually work together with. So...
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Excuse me. It's been very low because they don't have reimbursement. So, our dropout rate's been relatively high unless they want to pay cash. So, it's been a challenge for us.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: You know what, I'm going to offer some concluding remarks and then we'll be done. Thanks, everybody, for the questions and for listening. Year-end earnings calls are a great time of reflection as we look back at the accomplishments of another year. In a year of much confusion and turmoil in the diabetes industry, DexCom grew revenues more than 40% and annual increase of approximately $170 million in worldwide revenue, a number that's quite frankly more amazing than the percentage when you compare DexCom to everybody else in our industry. We received our non-adjunctive claim, CMS approval came right after the end of the year, and significant advancements have been made on the international reimbursement front. All these things point to realization of our vision, that CGM will become the standard of care for diabetes and this is going to happen very quickly. No company has a product pipeline like ours and the investments we've made in products, facilities, people, processes, our Verily relationship and other relationships will put us in a position to remain a leader in this industry and continue to have a major impact on the lives of people affected by diabetes, their healthcare providers, and ultimately upon reducing the costs associated with diabetes across the board. Thank you very much.
Steven Robert Pacelli: Yeah. So, we've never kind of broken out what specifically went into the guide. Obviously, you can assume – obviously U.S. ramp – continued U.S. ramp penetration in MDI patients is something we've talked quite a bit about as we've more recently added a majority of MDI versus pump patients. So that was factored in. Germany is obviously kind of ramped over the course of the year. We didn't – obviously when we gave the guidance early this year. At the same time, we estimated that Medicare was coming in 2018. So, you should assume in the current guidance there is no ramp for Medicare this year. But it's kind of the usual stuff. And then – sorry. Tell me the second part of your question.
Steven Robert Pacelli: Yeah. So, we've never disclosed a specific attrition rate but the color we tried to give at the beginning of this year in the 8-K, we're trying to let you triangulate it. Attrition is a complex problem. It's a complex thing to analyze here because you have different time frames in which we have different attrition metrics and we're not going to go into that level of detail. But what we tried to triangulate you guys to was that an attrition rate that you could calculate, giving you a single number of somewhere between 8% and 12% on an annual basis. I know that's a bit of a range, but that was what we were trying to triangulate when we talked about kind of net new adds in 2016 and anticipated to gross adds plus net new adds, net total at the end of the year of around $275 million. It can get you to kind of a once a year attrition rate of somewhere between 8% to 12%.
Steven Robert Pacelli: Yeah. In the near term, it will probably be in partnership with one of our DME suppliers, but over time, who knows? I think that looking at the economics broadly speaking, I think particularly as we look to some of our future sensor products which go to 10 days or 14 days, the economics are quite favorable to us. I think we're pretty happy there.
Steven Robert Pacelli: Yeah. I'd say. Yeah. Coming into that third quarter call, remember the 670G had just been approved. And so, I think there is considerable additional noise at that point in time that's largely dived down, I would argue. And we were just at a big diabetes conference in Paris, and without tapping ourselves on the back, I would say DexCom was again the shining star particularly in terms of our sensor performance and the data we released. So, I think it's quieted down quite a bit.
Steven Robert Pacelli: It will depend upon timing, the approval and the timing of the G6 filing and a number of factors. Our plan today is launch when they get approved. But we will consider all that, Jayson, as we look out over the course of the year.
Steven Robert Pacelli: Yeah. I mean, I think the biggest gating factor would be just education, right? We've not at all targeted this patient population historically. In fact, we spent a lot of time targeting younger patients when we got our pediatric approval. So, I think there's going to be an element of education. Right now, most folks probably still believe there is not reimbursement for the over-65 patient population. So it's going to take a little time.
Steven Robert Pacelli: Yeah. But certainly with the demand we've seen generated just at the early stages here – yeah, that's right.
Steven Robert Pacelli: No. I mean. Again, we're still waiting to see what the ultimate scope of coverage looks like out of CMS. But I think on the private payer side, my belief is that we still need some more data. The DIaMonD Type 2 data was great. We showed benefit in that patient population, but I think we're going to need some additional larger studies, particularly as we look outside of the intensively managed Type 2 population into folks on orals or diet and exercise. We've got to show not just outcomes, we've got to show cost benefit and that some of the initiatives we have internally. I'm not going to get into details, but some of the things we're working on internally, we're really starting to look at that data and look at how we will present it to the payers, but it's certainly not a this year event...
Steven Robert Pacelli: No, I mean these are folks that – so as Kevin alluded to when he described that the existing sales force getting used to new territories. What happens when we do a field sales force expansion is many territories will end up shrinking, quotas go up and territories shrink, and that's just sort of the nature of a growth business like this. So, the people that we added in Q4 and maybe a little bit in Q1 these are kind of quota-carrying sales reps who will have their own territory. Their primary detail will be doctors, will be endocrinologists. In terms of counter-detailing, no, we don't spend our time bashing the competition because frankly right now we don't have much competition. We're out detailing the benefits of our product to doctors. And so, these people, as Kevin said, it takes a little time to get them ramped up but they've gone through sales force training and they're currently in the field, so we'll start to look for contribution as we look into the latter parts of 2017.
Steven Robert Pacelli: Yeah. The news is kind of out between – particularly with respect to 670G. There's like a pretty broad-based media blitz surrounding 670G both from Medtronic and from – some from other industry, the advocacy groups. So, it's just kind of quieted down at this point, they still haven't launched the product, still remains to be seen when they will actually start the commercial launching and to what scale and scope that commercial launch will be when they actually do launch it. So, I think just the noise has certainly died down in the clinics and otherwise.
Steven Robert Pacelli: Yeah. So, in essence, it is the same. In Europe, it is also a voluntary recall. But what we did agree and we agreed in a couple of countries to affirmatively bring product back. You're going to see other countries posting similar notifications is my guess over the next, I don't know, months probably. But as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, we've already – we accrued for any potential exposure in 2016 and this shouldn't have any impact going forward.
Steven Robert Pacelli: Yeah. It's primarily timing-driven. When we add the new patients, we ramp over the course of the year and the fourth quarter is always the largest number, but sometimes the fair margin and the largest number of new patient additions during the given year, but those guys don't contribute from a sensor-disposable perspective like patients that are already onboard.
Steven Robert Pacelli: Yeah. I guess the other thing I would add is just the size of the installed base already. Even as we look at our monthly and quarterly numbers, new patients don't move the needle as much as they did in the past, because the installed base purchase is so much of the product that's there. So, I think the timing combined with more from our installed base are what make those numbers a little different.
