Terry Gregg: So you’ve seen that improve obviously, we knew that Cigna that we had established coverage, but this is new, this is primarily the responsibility of our managed care group and they’ve done an outstanding job of improving that policy coverage.
Terry Gregg: It’s interesting question, Tom. And I would just say I think the influence of the artificial pancreas group certainly will be on the podium talking about their experiences. As you know, in that environment, everything is kind of geared towards the artificial pancreas arena from the scientific community. So that for us, will probably be the highlight especially given, we’re in 22 out of approximately 25 artificial pancreas programs around the world. And so that would be the highlight for us. Outside of that, I’m not aware of anything in particular, that you should be looking for.
Terry Gregg: Well, first of all, to get an approval and second beyond that just get in front them. I mean luckily, that it is a rare situation in which there is a solo practitioner with a pediatric endocrinology practice there generally grouped with young adults and adults or in at least close proximity. So that won’t require adding new bodies to our group beyond what we’ve done in the re-org, so we’re not going to be looking at substantial windshield time by the sales group. It’s just the ability to go call on them on a routine basis and talk about the benefits of the G4 Platinum. Many of them know it already but like anything, I mean the more shots on goal, the more packs go in kind of attitude and so this will be the first time that we’ve been able to call on that sector.
Terry Gregg: No, not really. I think we need at least a quarter or two to truly understand. We have stated earlier and it has been truly anecdotal the feeling, it looks like they’re using it. They’re being patient using the product more frequently. And I can’t attribute directly as that more patients is using it without taking a holiday. We certainly read in the blogs and that is the best metric we have right now. There’s a great regularization from that standpoint. Greater confidence in the product, but beyond that, it’s hard to come up with qualitative or quantitative metrics on that then.
Terry Gregg: Yes, I can tell you that overall, it’s going to improve the MARD by about two points from the 40 to 400 and day one through day seven. That’s important because if you look at what the folks at Boston University and Mass General, they’re at 10.8. We certainly think that we can get and what we published with the FDA was 13% in ARD. So if we could get down into that overall range of around 11, we would be sub-10 at some point during the week because as you know DexCom sensors get better over time. So day four is better than day one and day seven is usually as good as day four if not better. So we’re excited about that opportunity to improve the outcome of that.
Terry Gregg: We hope to file it certainly like fourth quarter or late in 2014 and it would come sometime after that. And as Terry said earlier, that is really an accuracy enhancement for us. So we don’t have any real launch plans to share with you on that but that will come out and be approved sometime next year.
Terry Gregg: They’re just used in G4 Platinum. We originally, we developed the part of this algorithm is part of an AP project and then like everything else we do, we expanded that. If it’s good enough for that project and we get comfortable with it, it’s certainly something we want to incorporate for everybody. So that’s how it kind of evolved over time and we got excited.
Terry Gregg: We’re never going to have fabulous electronic site margins under transmitter and receiver. We don’t build enough of them at this point in time. We’ve had a lot of discussions with some of the cell phone manufacturers and one of them called us. They designed a SKU. They built 55 million of them and they shut down the line, they never build it again. We don’t – we can’t quite do that and get those kinds of efficiencies. We’re very convinced that we can get our GEN4 sensor margins up in the 70% to 75% range and we can even go better than that as volumes permit us over time. And the hardware margins will be what they are. They’re there less than those, they will never get to 75%.
Terry Gregg: The new patient pattern is consistent with what we had during most of Q4. We do have upgrades, we’ve always had upgrades and they’ve always been a reasonable part of our sales, but when you have a lot of new patients coming on as well, we really don’t have any numbers to share today. It’s been very strong.
Terry Gregg: Yes, certainly. With the – each year, we target a particular message, as I indicated in my prepared remarks. CGM first is the message of 2013 and then outreach patient-to-patient communication. But within the CGM first, we are beginning to see traction. I’ve mentioned there was anecdotal as we get information back on the field force. But certainly, they’re spending much more time in each office than they historically have because the physicians are willing to give them more patients. Historically, it is always been much of a – unfortunately, a pump-centric type of environment in which they had to operate. And we’re moving the needle on that. We haven’t moved it dramatically, but we are moving the needle. So as a result of that, they are spending more time and as Kevin said, that means that they’re going deeper into each of those accounts. And again, in many of these accounts, there are multiple endocrinologists who would be sufficient to say that not every single endocrinologist in a particular group practice would necessarily be prescribing any technology for that matter, let alone CGM. So they are broadening even within a group practice of endocrinology to call on more physicians. And of course then in relationships with our partners, we oftentimes – they call on, in some cases, high insulin prescribing physicians who are not endocrinologists. You could certainly think that they were diabetologists, but we’re beginning to see scripts coming from those as well and that’s a little hard to make a judgment how much is coming in from patient-to-patient or how much is coming in from our referral from either a Tandem or an Animas, or even Roche partner.
Terry Gregg: You know what? I don’t have that number with me. I think patterns are pretty consistent, so I’d say it’s probably cost the same but Mimi, we don’t have that numbers sitting here.
Terry Gregg: Well, no. I mean, we look to the ADA from that standpoint because remember ADA is not only type 1 in terms of their care commitment and cure mentality that as a professional organization all about the inclusive of both type 1 and type 2 or JDRF historically has been more towards the type 1. And a lot of that has come from that organization. You have to understand, here’s an interesting dynamic, so and I have stated this number before but I’ll state it again. Every day in the United States 10,000 Americans turn age 65. So you can say well, 65 is the new 55 and what does that mean? Well, it means that we’ve got a lot more patients that are living longer and therefore developing type 2 diabetes. As a result of that, that is something that ADA recognizes and has to embrace. It used to be that the update 65 type 2 diabetes or even type 1 you’re lucky and you certainly would have all of the challenges. I don’t think that’s the situation whatsoever anymore. So, it is a something that they recognized if there’s got to be intervention. And so they’re helping drive that. I think if you now look at some of the things I’ve talked about glycemic variability. The amount of information that’s being published in the literature about the role of excessive hyperglycemia in particular that is impacting and creating some of these economic costs that the payer system is looking to ways in which to reduce that. They’ve made all of the connect-the-dot assessments from that standpoint. So I don’t know I think we need a particular driver I think more than anything we need more peer review independent-type studies and those are ongoing and they will all be published over time and we’ll be able to track them.
Terry Gregg: It could, but again this is a decision that need to made by Animas and just like we’ve commented in the past where we would potentially choose not to launch a product in the fourth quarter with a fourth quarter approval. The fourth quarter for Animas or for any of the pump company is just like DexCom is the biggest quarter. So, I would guess if that approval came late third quarter or very, very early fourth quarter they would probably launch it, but to be honest if it comes in the middle or latter half of the fourth quarter. My guess is they would not want to call their people out of the field and not want to disrupt their selling efforts in Q4 and we’ll probably defer to Q1 to launch it.
Terry Gregg: I don’t have any answer. Part of the problem is, we don’t publish our numbers. The other company doesn’t publish their numbers. If we look at independent surveys, if you look at the Q&A as an example from close concerns has a sum of 65% share in the U.S. I don’t believe that for a second. I think that the responders to that particular survey, yes, we probably – they’re what we call super users and yes, we probably have that kind of share but that’s not the broader group. I think there’s another bank that has published data based on a survey and again puts us a little over 50% share. Again, I really don’t. It’s a tough question and our people see that and I always caution them, put your filters on because surveys are, like anything else, it depends upon the body of the responders. But it’s somewhere in that neck of the woods.
Terry Gregg: Yes, I don’t really know a lot about it. I’d certainly don’t think it’s dead. I think that they presented some data about their long term intent with it, to use that as part of a redundancy for an artificial pancreas. I don’t know where it’s at developmentally, outside of that, they were at the NIH meeting as well and so, we’ll see. But don’t know where they’re at with that.
Terry Gregg: We’re done adding for the year, when we had the first quarter call, we said we were going to go from 48 to 68 territories and 68 is where we’re going to stop through the end of the year, barring some incredible growth spurt but that’s our plan as we sit here right now, so that’s where we are today and that’s where we’ll stand.
Terry Gregg: The FDA has been working with this very diligently to define how we can get to a mobile platform and identifying all the risks and all the things we have to do to mitigate those risks and this is very much an ongoing process. We’ve heard from the agency and a number of friends that they’re very comfortable with the device making a jump straight to a phone without something in between or without a medical device around it, without the mitigating factors. So we’re working with them to better understand it. You know, Bill, that’s the beauty of share system. We’re going to have a practice round that is not going to be lights out, all of our patient to turning it on at exactly the same time but we’ll have the server structure built. We’ll learn how to receive the data. We’ll learn to display the data back on the phone. The receiver is still the primary medical device, so with respect to an approval path, that’s something that the FDA can comprehend and that we’ve made them comfortable with. So we’re excited for our first foray there and we’ll see how it goes. With respect to the applicator and the other elements of Gen5, we have made the decision, we’re going to keep manufacturing the same sensor when we go the Gen5 platform. We don’t need to change the sensor at all. And with respect to the other hardware element, we’ll pick the right time when we call of those into manufacturing. So, while we don’t have a timeline, as Terry said, we’ve go about five enhancements and different indications to launch over the next 12 to 18 months. That will keep us very busy. Gen5 will come after that.
Terry Gregg: Absolutely. From an operations and internal perspective, yes. I can tell you from a customer perspective, it’s much more than that. I was discussing it with a physician this morning the physician’s reaction was a huge wow. I mean, I guess we’re going to be able to take this to school and plug it in the back of the classroom, for example, and data can go to the parent all day long and they can watch them. It can also go to the school nurse. This will be big wow for our patients for the traveling spouse who’s on the road all the time who has type 1 diabetes. The other spouse can watch the data at home and make sure nothing happens. The sense of comfort there is something that’s going to be a big deal and in our minds, as we I walk around here say all at the time, that’s going to sell more sensors.
Terry Gregg: It’s a different division. That’s the Verio of the LifeScan division. Animas is actually a separate operating company. So they have – they operate somewhat together as a diabetes franchise, but they’re two distinct companies. So the warning letter on Verio went to LifeScan, not to Animas.
Terry Gregg: Well, I look at what’s going on in Europe where the device is available and certainly Animas and Johnson & Johnson have made public comments that they’re growing 30% to 50% in markets in Europe where the Vibe has launched indirect head-to-head competition with the Verio system. So they don’t seem to be too worried about it. I think here in the U.S. when we talk to the folks both J&J and certainly Tandem, they’ve seen to be cannibalizing the installed base. I’m not sure patients quote, are waiting to go to this other system. The challenges and here’s part of our, I call it, a conundrum for a lack of better term. So last year, our Medical Director David Price got up and spoke and talked about all the ways you can manipulate data from a glucose standpoint and that we never do that. We always only do prospective analysis and we’re trying to get out of that same meeting and said that the Enlite was about 13% MARD. We just had the heck out of it. We couldn’t get it to perform that way and then Dr. Russell and Dr. Damiano presented results and said they couldn’t get it to perform that way either, but closer to 18% and 13% and then fast forward to ATDD earlier this year. Medtronic is up and says what Enlite is on a prospective basis closer to 18% which is consistent with what were our experience with it is and actually out in the field experience. Now, I think from an FDA standpoint, you’ve got a product that’s been in before the FDA. They’ve seen our data, which is part of our strategy and now they’re looking at something that can have an MARD for a sensor in order to shut off insulin delivery of somewhere close to 18%. It’s a conundrum. It’s a conundrum for the agency to say what are we going to do here. Now, most recently, you’re hearing from Medtronic talk about Enlite 2 and other things predictive, so I don’t know. I don’t think the market reaction that there’s a huge pent-up demand. I know they’re suffering, but I don’t think it’s related to waiting for the Verio system.
Terry Gregg: Okay, I’d like to wrap it and I got a few 35,000 foot level kind of comments, so in March of this year, the American Diabetes Association released new data which estimates the total cost of diabetes in United States has risen to $245 billion per year in 2012 from $174 billion per year in 2007. That’s a 41% increase over just a five year period. Today, nearly 26 million adults and children are living with the disease in United States; an additional 79 million are estimated to have pre-diabetes. Direct medical costs totaled $176 billion last year for hospital and emergency care, office visits, and medications. Indirect medical costs including absenteeism, reduced productivity, and employment cost by diabetes related to disability and loss productivity due to early mortality totaled $69 billion last year. So we have gone from 12.1 million people diagnosed with diabetes in the U.S. in 2002, to 17.5 million in 2007 to nearly 26 million people with diabetes in United States in 2012. The high cost of complications has increased the economic burden over $70 billion annually in just the last five years. And yes we know that CGM can improve outcomes and delay or perhaps even prevent the onset of many of these complications. There’s absolutely no wonder why I’m so excited about the current and future prospects of DexCom. Thank you.
Kevin Sayer: Yes Tom, this is Kevin. I’ll take that. We have with the exception of just a couple thoughts, we’ve built the entire organization, the additional 20 territories that we had outlined our sales reps who have converted over are all doing extremely well. The talent available to us with our business and our product has been outstanding. We’ve added some absolute value of people who have hit the ground running. Most all of our territories are performing the way we expected them to. We were off to the races. With respect to the clinical aspect, our patient care team is what we have put together in essence, to replace those clinical specialists in the field. We have expanded that from 4 to 12 people who worked the phones continually and have a very, very structured program with respect to contacting our new patients, and sometimes taking educational calls from those who’ve been patient for a longer period of time versus our normal tech services group which responds to product issues. And I can tell you that group is fully staffed and doing very well also. So everything’s quick in the way we wanted it to.
Kevin Sayer: We had a good number. It wasn’t unexpectedly high or low. It was a piece of it. It had a little bit of a negative impact on margins but not a whole lot. What we’ve seen, Bill, is quite a few have upgraded but we’ve also seen is a lot of them are waiting until they’re out of warranty because they want insurance to cover that purchase of the new system. So, while the $399 upgrade is appealing to a number of people, there are a lot of people who manage their diabetes dollars very closely and they’re waiting to where they can get the upgrade. What we’ve also noticed with those customers on the SEVEN PLUS side is they’re pleading through every sensor they have in their closet and everything they have on their shelf and their reorder numbers are actually lower than what we’ve experienced historically because they don’t want to upgrade with any SEVEN PLUS sensors sitting on the shelf. So what we’re seeing is a rapid conversion in our sales numbers to GEN4 sensors probably faster than we’ve converted on a hardware side as people are using the stock that they have.
Kevin Sayer: Bill, it’s going fabulously. Our manufacturing team has just done an incredible job with this launch. You heard Terry laughing. My favorite email to send them every week is my yield report, these guys are doing a great job with sensor yields. It’s been super.
Kevin Sayer: It is still out there and I can tell you in many studies that we do particularly the ones we do internally, we are running them all now to 10 or 14 days even if we just type the data and cut it off at seven. We’re running them longer so we can get a sense of how the sensor will perform from a physiology perspective within our patients and when that cut-off point would be. I think over time and as we discussed this as a team with respect to shut off, the way we would plan on doing that would we been shut the sensor off based on the signal from the electrode on the sensor when we can see that it’s not up to standard, we would have it shut off that way versus having a fixed shut off at a point in time. And that’s what we think is the best ultimate long-term solution and we will look at that probably not as part – certainly not as part of the current Gen4 system and not in the next gen that we’ll file. We’ll take a look at it after that.
Kevin Sayer: This is Kevin. I’ll take that. One of the things we believe were successfully and it’s kind of segmenting some of the improvements in our product and not linking everything together. One of the issues we had with Gen4 in launching it, as you just said, it became Gen4.5 because we took the membrane from the Gen5 system and moved them back when it took so long to file. We’re going to do our improvements in smaller increments and file them and not necessarily interlink them. So we’ll file the algorithm and certainly we will run it with Gen4 and it may in fact be the algorithm we launched Gen5 with. I don’t have the answer to that yet. But we can file the algorithm and then we can launch it anytime that we’re ready. And that’s how we look at it and that’s how we’re going to treat this. And all these things, we’re trying not to link them altogether. We want to do them in the order that best meets our business needs. So it isn’t tied with that. There could be Gen5.5 algorithm but in all reality, that will depend upon the timing of the Gen6 sensor. If a Gen6 sensor comes, then algorithm would be completely different anyway. So we don’t want to do things that aren’t going to lead to increased profitability. And this algorithm, we believe, will lead to increased profitability because again it makes the system more accurate and more reliable for our customers.
Kevin Sayer: It’s funny. If somebody were to ask me my favorite numbers that I recited in, in all these numbers, it would be 6. That would be the $6 million drop to the bottom line on $9.2 million in increased sales. Our operating income cash loss was only $3.7 million this quarter compared to number closer to $10 million a year ago and our working capital progressed exactly the way we wanted it to. We have that capacity of close to $30 million that we can take down later this if we needed cash and we’ve made a commitment internally to ourselves, to our management team and to our investors that we’re not going to go raise more equity money. We’re going to turn this thing where it needs to be and with growth like we believe we can do it. So that’s our plan today.
Bill Plovanic – Canaccord: Just – I’d like to whoever answered Ben’s question there, so as you look at G4, you’ve talked about kind of new product launches, we talked about. When would we expect this new algorithm to come? I think I missed that in the prepared remarks.
Bill Plovanic – Canaccord: Okay. And then I got a ton of questions but I’ll ask one more and let it slide. As you look at gross margins, do you still think the peak on the disposable of 70%, 75% by the end of this year and then where are the controller receiver, transmitter receiver margins today and where do you think those can go? That’s my question. Thanks.
Bill Plovanic – Canaccord: Okay. So the government FDA doesn’t look at J&J as one big company. They break them up into their operating companies.
