Jereme Sylvain: Yes, Jeff. So to your question on what the channel mix headwinds are, we'll just tell you what the numbers were for the quarter. It was about $50 million for the quarter. And if you recall, we talked about it being a little bit more straight-lined over the course of 2021 due to comps. The one thing we have talked about, Kevin referred to it on the call as did I, is that we are going to be a little more aggressive in international markets. And so because of that, we're raising what we call channel mix/pricing headwinds to about $250 million on the year. And that obviously takes into account the aggressive steps we've taken outside the U.S. In terms of your question in terms of growth and unit volume, we talked about unit volume approaching 40% on a global basis. When you take the channel mix headwinds, we talked about, you are correct. The U.S. unit volume growth was well in excess of that, obviously, being the stronger point of the quarter from a growth perspective. So you are seeing that performance on the quarter.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Yeah. So we can walk you through it. The guidance raise was approximately $25 million of it was currency. So we referenced some of the foreign currency tailwinds associated with the other half was related to volume growth, expected both in the first quarter and on the balance of the year. In terms of what we saw, in terms of new patient adds in the first quarter, new patient adds were slightly ahead of expectations. And so that's really -- as we look to the balance of the year, certainly, those repeat customers, obviously, play through in the balance of revenue for the year. And so we've added that to the guidance. We still are bullish on the year. We still expect to have a very strong year. I think there was any question there. And I think if you see the performance in the U.S. result, I think you're obviously seeing a lot of – to your second question, a lot of the DTC, a lot of the Super Bowl ads as well as the new sales force ads starting to really play through, not to mention the fact that we have a sampling program that's out there that is starting to allow folks to trial the product, which we think is garnering interest as well. So that's all been contemplated in the guidance as we lay it out. And I think what you'd say is for the balance of the year, I do think you are seeing the momentum continue to support raising what we raised it by.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. So good question. So let's go step by step. So in terms of your question on the international pricing, a majority of the raise is our strategy outside the U.S. And so what you are seeing is we are taking an incremental $50 million of, call it, mix headwinds as a result of going into there. And we still -- yes, you're right. We did raise guidance in the face of that by $50 million, of which $25 million was currency. So absent that incremental, yes, you would have seen a $75 million. Now we are going to be taking those pricing headwinds, and we're going to be taking those pricing headwinds and making up for an incremental volume. So it's, obviously, net neutral to the full year guide. But you are correct. Absent taking on that strategy or because of that strategy, we expect to add new patients to the point where it increases our full year outlook.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Yes. So good question. Some of that is a bit of a change in shift in dynamics, and you're absolutely right, as more and more goes to the pharmacy. I think you are seeing that neutralization, if you will, of the Q4, Q1 dynamic. One thing we did see this quarter, and we thought it was certainly a testament to the work that our customer experience team is doing is we saw a slight decline in attrition, and a slight increase in utilization. And so as you think about the customer experience that we're trying to create here, we've been talking about increases in Net Promoter Scores. That's starting to play through and customer utilization have it. So that's certainly something we saw a little bit of. And then I think what we also saw is just a little bit of incremental performance. We saw some of the performance outpaced expectations. I think what we talked about is an expectation of new patient growth, slightly outpacing it as a result of increased awareness as a result of DTC. So I think it's all three of those coming together.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. I'll start with the latter first. We expect the tax rate for the year to be between – a non-GAAP tax rate between 23% and 25%. Back to your question on margins, we did have a great quarter in Q1. Certainly, we're very proud of the 68%. The one thing we do want to do is, first off, is the first quarter. So we think about it from a first quarter and really thinking about before, taking a look at changing anything, being mindful that we won't see things play out over time. But there's really two components you have to be aware of. We do expect to take on incremental channel mix headwinds in our international markets for the back half of the year. So we have to contemplate that in light of some of the efficiencies you're starting to see. And then getting back to the – our previous discussions about the drivers when we set guidance is, in the back half of the year, it's when we're going to launch G7. And when we launched G7, the yield that you get on some of these lines generally is a little lower. You saw it also happen with our launch of G6. There's a little bit of step back as you start to work out the kinks of these lines and the yields start to play out. So as those play out in the back half of the year, that's why we don't – we feel comfortable, very comfortable with our guidance, but we didn't feel any need to raise it at this point and let the year play out.
Jereme Sylvain: Yeah. Sure. I can take that. So our gross margin certainly contemplates the impact of pricing impacts in our international markets. And so, I wouldn't expect any changes there. In terms of the extent of it, as we go after these incremental markets and open up access, we almost look at that as new patients. And so, when we go after new patients and new markets, certainly, pricing is going to change over time. So there could be impacts that drag out over time in the future years, as a result of just going after incremental pockets of patients and any sort of knock along impact, certainly not anything that we would expect to be significant. But that will always be contemplated in our guidance, and it will all be something that we certainly talk to on these calls. I wouldn't expect anything that we provide hasn't been thought through and then contemplated in any of the targets that we provide to you guys.
Quen Blackford: Yes. So, Joanne, we generally don't break down the two. What we did talk about was $50 million is the global now. A majority of that has traditionally been the channel mix from pharmacy or from DME into pharmacy. But when we give that number, we give a global number. So that was $50 million globally on the quarter, again, heavily weighted U.S.
Quen Blackford: And Robbie, I would just – the one thing I'd add to that is, as Jereme laid out in the prepared remarks, our decision on the international markets with respect to opening up access, I do expect you're going to see that new patient number continue to perform very nicely in the back half of the year as we're accessing markets that are five to six times larger than what we had coming into the year in some of these markets. So very excited about where that new patient number potentially goes to.
Quen Blackford: I think one important thing to note there is the pricing point. It's always been part of our global pricing strategy and the level that we're going to is still very much in line with where we're at in the US pharmacy channel, to be honest with you. So we're just stepping down as we've had inventory availability now. We're in the best position we've ever been in from that perspective. We know we got to reduce the burdens to get on the product. We're in a position now to continue to execute against that global pricing strategy. So this is very much part of where we were heading. It doesn't create risk elsewhere globally. Like I mentioned, it's right in line with our US pharmacy pricing if you get into the comps. So excited about what this has a potential to create for us.
Quen Blackford: Sure. I'll take a quick shot at the sampling and then hand it over to Kevin here. There aren't any metrics that we're going to disclose, particularly to sampling, in and of itself, although I will tell you, the early response to this program has been beyond our expectations, both from a physician's perspective of just how easy we've enabled these PCPs to get products into the hands of our patients and then also from a patient perspective, when they realize just how easy it is to use the Dexcom product. So the sampling program has been beyond what we imagined coming out of the gate. It will continue to be a big part of what we do into the future. But in terms of giving specific metrics around it, that's not something we will do. I will tell you, it's one of the better investments that we look to make at this point.
Quen Blackford: Yes. I don't think we're going to get into details of providing specific guidance around US versus OUS, particularly at a quarterly level. I think we're incredibly bullish on where the international business can go. There's so much runway that continues to sit in front of us. A big part of that is continuing to step into this global pricing strategy that we've laid out over a multiyear basis. And really, what you're seeing with the pricing decisions today is that we're in a position now where we can pull some of those decisions forward, where we couldn't have historically. And a lot of that comes down to having inventory available to us being highly confident in the ability to continue to grow and scale into the future. So I'm confident you're going to see terrific results coming out of that international business over time. And with some of these decisions that we've made, we're now opening up access to the patient volumes that are five or six times larger than what we were really addressing historically. So I think all of that sets up very well for a very strong international business here into the future.
Quen Blackford: Yeah. I think from our perspective, all that we know right now is kind of the environment we operate within with respect to COVID, which we know from an international perspective has certainly created some incremental pressure in pockets of that business, particularly those that require in clinic visit to get onto the product or some of those administrative hurdles that have been put there. In other channels where we have e-commerce, for example, we're seeing incredible results. And so I think one thing to point out on that first quarter international result is that when you look at it from a two-year growth perspective, it's an incredibly strong number. Last year was an absolute record growth for us in that first quarter from an international perspective. So I think you got to normalize that when you're looking at that first quarter growth. But in terms of the remainder of the year, on an international basis and patient adoption, a big part of stepping price down in line with our global pricing strategy was the fact that we had to see administrative requirements reduced or eliminated altogether to get patients onto the product. And so in these markets where we've done that, the hurdle to get onto the product has been removed. And so we absolutely would expect to see patient, new patient acquisition become much easier for us and see that start to take off in a very positive way. So I do think you're going to see that uptick over the course of the year, even in the COVID environment. With, of course, the caveat being that it stays stable to where it's at today. If we were to get worse in some case, then we might have to think about that differently, but we're trying to look at the future based upon what we see today and how it's impacted the markets here in the moment.
Quen Blackford: I'll take the latter part of that with respect to Malaysia. We're clearly well into that project, making great progress. We'll have a building in place as we exit the year, with plans in place to have a clean room up and ready for validation, either at the turn of the year into the first quarter – sorry, first quarter of next year. So the expectation is we'll be producing product out of that in the first half of next year there in Malaysia. So very excited about what we're seeing there.
Quen Blackford: No, I don't think that there's anything that you guys are missing in terms of the prepared remarks and speaking to some of those systems. The one thing that we certainly are excited about has to be the Omnipod 5 product in the back half of the year. And we'll let Insulet speak to the exact timing of when we're ready to put that product into the marketplace. But having connectivity into a product like that is something that we're very excited about and believe that they'll have success with, and we'll have success with as well. I think with respect to the whole Type 2 population and the opportunity there, we couldn't be more bullish on the opportunity that sits in front of us. And I think by the day, we learn more and more that increases that bullishness for us and the confidence that there's going to be some real opportunity there to create value coming from it. And you're going to see a study a little bit later this year, mid-year at some of the -- the mid-year society meetings that's going to start to really lay out the benefit of using CGM relative to BGM in this Type 2 population, particularly the non-intensive population that that just demonstrates the sort of impact we can have on patients say, they're on basal only. And that's a 4 million patient population in the U.S. So I think that sort of data starts to really accumulate in favor of opening up a whole another market segment that doubles the existing core U.S. intensive market today that that we're very excited about. So you'll see that data, here mid-year, but I think all of it starts to point to the fact that this Type 2 space is going to open up in a significant way, and we're well positioned to take advantage of it.
Kevin Sayer: We're not giving any G7 timelines other than we will launch it by the end of the year. As I said in the earlier portion of our remarks, our U.S. pivotal study will conclude this quarter, and then we'll file. We're working on our filing in Europe under MDR rules for CE Mark, and we'll go from there. Time will tell, but everything is going well. We're happy with the progress of the product. We're extremely happy with the feedback we've gotten from clinicians and patients. In fact, one clinician called me this morning in between our prep for this call to tell me how great the product was. So we're very happy with it, but we're not going to give any other timelines on what we have so far.
Kevin Sayer: We've not made our decisions based on Libre 3, Matt. We've looked at what we accomplished in the US here, what we've done is we've increased access by going to the pharmacy channel by looking at Medicare approval, for example, which came in at a lower price than what our DME price was before. As we've set up, Medicaid pricing structures in the US that are yet once again a pricing structure lower than what we had before, but to increase access to a number of patients. We then have looked at our OUS business in several of our key geographies and said, you know what, our access is not broad enough. Our access is very much focused on very intensively managed type 1s, oftentimes just children or adults with pumps or adults with an incredibly bad hypoglycemia awareness or something along those lines. And it's more important to us to reach more patients. So we've taken the strategy we've used in the US, and we're deploying it in other places as well to increase our access. We won't let Libre 3 drive our decisions. We'll drive our own.
Kevin Sayer: Well, G7, we have not filed yet. We will file it in the not-too-distant future. We want to – we need all our ducks in a row. For example, we want to file both the Android and the iOS app at the same time, not file one and then do another filing. So making sure our software is validated and verified is really one of the bigger tasks. The clinical data is in, and we're ready with that part of the filing, and we've had direct discussions with our authorities over there, and we feel we're in good shape. But we'll file when we're ready. We don't want to do it twice and spend a lot of time answering questions. With respect to the data that we'll present here in the summer, it will be on some of the smaller studies that we've done. It will not be on any of the US pivotal data, obviously, but you'll see how the product performs and how consistent and how happy we are with it. Obviously, I'm happy with the data and as is our team. I've made the comment on several times when all said and done, everything you love about G6, you're going to love more about G7. And when that product comes to market, that's exactly how we're going to feel about it, not only from the smaller wearable and the easier insertion and all the other wonderful patient. Ease of use features we're putting in there, but the software, the app and the performance of the system, we believe, is going to be spectacular and again, set a real standard for people to go over.
Kevin Sayer: Yes, I'd agree with that. With respect to the sales force, we've added everybody we were going to add. Everybody's in place. And everybody is getting up to speed. And some of the people came from a diabetes background, so they get it to speed easier, because they have relationships already established in these offices, possibly from another company. Others, it's going to take a little while longer, and we plan for that as we do this expansion. But as far as calling on more voices, we are learning that, in all fairness, we've been underserved with respect to our ability to call on people. There's a great story we heard from down in Texas. One of our reps called on a physician or -- and talk to them about our product and the doctor said, I know nothing about your product. I've put people on your competitors' product, because they come and ask me for it. So again, using the sample program that Quentin described with Hello DexCom, we put this patient on the system, introduced the physician to it, and now he's prescribing DexCom all the time. Because of the experience that patient had. We needed a deeper reach. We'll get that deeper reach with what we've done, and we'll continue to evaluate over time. And we've got tremendous metrics on our salespeople. We have an incredible commercial organization that monitors that. But we also very much understand it takes a while to get up to speed. The other great thing I can tell you about this expansion, we literally have thousands of people apply for these jobs. And a lot of very, very qualified people that we did not hire. This is a place that people want to work and a product that they really want to represent, and we want to continue that culture and maintain that.
Kevin Sayer: I think there are all more to come, and I think they're relatively equal. As I called out on the call, the effect of the Super Bowl, the ad was more than just short-term sales growth, in our minds, the awareness we generated, the text messages I was getting during the Super Bowl from industry and technology executives that I've met over the years made it all worth -- I'm just sitting on the couch saying, hey, this is really cool. It really created a lot of awareness for our company, awareness we hadn't had before, and that was really the goal, as we talked about. We developed more brand equity from our ad than anybody else. So that was important to us. The DTC remains important. As you watch our ads, you'll see certainly more with Nick and certainly other campaigns as well. And then on top of that, having more feet on the street is good. We needed it. But it will take time to develop those relationships. I think of the three, I couldn't quantify one of them, but I think ultimately the sales force expansion will be extremely helpful on this. We probably got less bang out of that just because we were ramping it up in the first quarter, but the DTC work and the Super Bowl ad and that was probably the biggest. And then Hello Dexcom and the reps will come more throughout the rest of the year.
Kevin Sayer: Well, this is Kevin. I'll take that. Very little comes from that channel right now. That's why we added them, and that's why we've expanded. If you take a look at the Type 2 intensive insulin users, most of them are found in those offices. And that's why we needed to get out there. Over time, this will certainly increase. We expect it to, and those are the expectations of the team we brought on board. We're hearing good anecdotal stories and things are starting to heat up and all reality. And with a large book of business we already have and the recurring orders from our current patients, it's -- we got a ways to go. We think they'll do great, and we'll monitor it. If we see great returns, we'll just keep giving them tools to get great returns is the best way to describe it. And I think Hello DexCom is going to be the best one that we have for that group.
Kevin Sayer: Larry, thanks for your question. We have numerous opportunities here, but I'm not going to give our pricing strategy on earnings call. We -- we're very thoughtful about this. We run several models. We know what our technology is worth, and we know what great benefit we provide. We'll price it accordingly, but we're also going to price our products in a manner to, whereby, our patients have access to it as well. And I think our commercial team combined with our finance team and everybody who's done a wonderful job balancing that. We'll continue to balance, but we continue to grow as well. I mean, look at the volume growth versus our dollar growth this quarter and we already said our U.S. volumes were in excess of the overall volume growth. We've managed it extremely well, and we'll continue to do so.
Kevin Sayer: Yes. And I'll take the G6, G7 and the cutover question. Again, with respect to US timing, we've not disclosed anything. One of our great learnings on G6 was have enough product ready to go when you go and really be fully ready for launch, and we've made that commitment to our customers that we will be ready when we do launch this product, that we will be able to literally flip the switch and go over. As far as patients slowing their purchases of G6, in particular, in the pharmacy channel, you're buying one month of product at a time. So it's not like you're going in there and loading up with three to six months as we did in the past in the DME channel. And even in the DME channel today, there's less of that loading up by patients with G6 than there was in G5 and G4 prior to that. We don't view that, that people will quit purchasing their G6 is when G7 is announced because in all fairness, our customers can let without it. And when we have the opportunity to take care of them all, what we'll do is organized but as rapid migration as we possibly can. And as far as G6 future plans, we do see a lot of opportunity here, but we really haven't disclosed anything.
Kevin Sayer: Yes, I think that will be more of a driver for future years. We've talked about our launch in Japan with Terumo, and that's scheduled to happen in the second half of the year. We got reimbursement in France. As many of you know, so we do expect France to make a bigger part of our business that as in the past. But a lot of large numbers in our businesses, things have gotten so big, they can't give us a whole lot that moves the needle when we start. Hence, the discussion we've had about increasing access in our more mature markets and looking at how we follow similar paths in these other geographies. With the operating capability we have now, there's no sense in going through and selling just the top end of this market. We want to get more aggressive and be more broad. So I think you'll see as we go into these geographies, over time, we'll start as we started in the past, but we are going to get more reimbursement and try to get more patients more rapidly.
Kevin Sayer: Thank you, and thanks, everybody, for participating. As we wrap up our call today, I want to take a minute to acknowledge some very important recognition that DexCom received this week. Forbes recently published their 100 company list of America's Best Employers for diversity. DexCom was honored to be number 66 on that list. While we consider this a perpetual journey, we're very happy to have been recognized for some of the work that we've done so far. As far as our outlook on the business going forward, our great quarter fuels our continued belief that best is yet to come. I recently caught up with a friend who a long-time healthcare industry executive and the gist of his message to me was very simple. Everything important in diabetes care is going to revolve around CGM. For example, there are numerous insulin delivery devices and algorithms available for automated insulin delivery. But there's only one CGM commercially capable of delivering the patient experience and outcomes that we've owned vision for a very long time. And that's only the beginning. They're incredible new compounds, treatments and programs stepping forward for the treatment of Type 2 diabetes, and we are very confident that the right CGM experience will become an integral part of all these solutions, and we haven't even started talking about the difference we can make as part of our pre-diabetes program. We've never been more excited and engaged in our opportunity than we are today. Thank you again, everyone, and have a great day.
