Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Yes, no problem. And I can certainly give you some of the context in terms of that impact. There is a couple of other smaller pieces of gross margin. So we will first recap. We had about 50 bps associated with the impact we had at our facility, and that will be recovered via insurance on the balance of the year. So that’s certainly a temporal thing. We certainly talked about the G5 and, again, that’s a temporal thing as well as we have more folks on G6, that certainly will bode well for the balance of the year on margin. The other couple of pieces in there. There were some impacts associated with one-time use sensors. These are warranty sensors. It’s actually a good thing. They expired, and they expired because our warranty rates continue to come down. And so for the quarter, certainly, we had to take a charge for those. But for the balance of the year, we expect our warranties to do better. That was about 50 bps as well. So some of that is the equation you’re looking at. And there was a little bit of an impact of currency as it flows through. There is about 30 or 40 basis points of currency as you push that through. The remainder of that, and this will push you above the 65% number, is associated with mix and we talked a little bit about it in the prepared remarks. As more and more of the mix in Q1 is tilted towards pharmacy and more folks go through the pharmacy, there is a little bit of pressure as you have less DME in the first quarter. We expect that to normalize over the balance of the year, and that’s historically why you had that step back. As more and more goes to the pharmacy in the first quarter, you just get a little bit of a dynamic from that point of view from a gross margin perspective. But nothing pricing wise, nothing that would expect us to change the full year. In fact, that’s why we reiterated the full year gross margin. We certainly expect to get there.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. And when we read the study, Danielle, will certainly understand the questions you’re asking out there. If you were winded the results you got from that, say, 2 or 3 to 4 years ago, it would have been a much different outcome as well. And I think you’re just seeing that the recognition of this technology over time moves. But we do have to move people off of preconceived notions or the questions around the advancement of technology through education and awareness. So it’s a continued focus there. And again, it all kind of aligns to all the work we did last year around expanding the sales force, direct-to-consumer advertising, really getting that education and awareness out there. We have to continue to do that, and that should help us over time.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Yes. So I think you saw it play out about the same way you saw it in prior quarters. And as we kind of make that migration that’s happening, our unit volume growth was in the low 40s. And so as you kind of draw that correlation to what happened last quarter, it’s about a similar correlation, which is about what you would have expected, right, as we’re going into this year of the final major migration to the pharmacy as well as annualizing some of the access wins that we got. In terms of the split, U.S., o-U.S., we really don’t break it out. However, you generally know that there is price – there is channel mix and pricing in both of those. And so as you talk about the growth numbers, the unit volume numbers are generally higher than that, and it’s generally pretty proportionate. That’s generally where we sit today. And for the balance of the year, clearly, we have not changed on what we expect those headwinds to be. So hopefully that helps low 40% unit volume growth.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. So we’ve got a little bit of all. So what we do generally in our guidance is we look at multiple different scenarios. And so we have DexCom ONE in various country launches, timed to different times. It helps us align where that guidance should ultimately sit. We also have a G7 launch outside the U.S. as well as in the U.S. at various times throughout the course of the year that helps us understand the impact. And we run various scenarios to make sure that under all of these scenarios, whether it’s G7 or G6 or DexCom ONE, that we make sure that we’re putting out reasonable guidance around what we can achieve. And again, we will always try to outperform it. So the way to think about it is, is there is various difference in all of them ultimately play in to kind of coming up with a guidance number we feel comfortable coming out with. And let me give you an example about that. G7 comes out great. It can be an extra catalyst, but you still have to remember G6 is an incredible product that’s going to be connected to Omnipod 5, as Kevin previously referenced. So there is some catalysts there. DexCom ONE is certainly interesting. And when you win tenders, that can ultimately drive it, knowing when exactly you will win those tenders. Sometimes it’s hard to pick because we have various different scenarios that play in. So, a little bit of all of it is the way to think about it, and we expect to be able to hit guidance irrespective of the timing of a lot of these launches to the extent the launches fall the right way, we certainly hope to outperform.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Yes. So, I would say, while we haven’t necessarily sized it and I don’t think we are ready to size it exactly today, it has grown dramatically. Like I think we have had, it’s doubled over the past, call it, 18 months, and it continues to grow faster. In fact, we expect it to grow another sizable portion this year as our folks call on more. In terms of the mix, it is predominantly primary care physicians at this point. When you think about the endocrinologists over – across the United States, there is about 6,600 endocrinologists across the United States, and we call on tens of thousands of prescribers. And so you can probably get a feel for how many we are calling on. The larger prescribers still in the endocrinologist community, so that still is where we spend a good chunk of our time. But at this point, due to the expansion of the sales force, we are calling on more primary care physicians than we are in endocrinologists.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. So, I will start – thanks for the question, and welcome back. I will start with the CMS conversation. So certainly, we have the discussions. And that’s a process that takes a little bit more time, but it is simple and that’s where the significance of the basal population resides. And we are working with CMS to look at what that opportunity looks like. And so we will be making progress there over the course of the year. And as we have more and more information, we will certainly share it. In terms of the insurance coverage and the population on the commercial side, there are some insurance carriers that do cover it. It’s a little sparse in between. There are some that folks kind of get access to it to it through some edits or forms around those lines around insulin use without look backs. And so there are folks that are getting access to it. However, it is very, very light penetration at this point in that space. And so – but those conversations are going. We are having the similar conversations that we talked about having with CMS. We are having those with commercial payers, and we will continue to have those over time because we have shown and certainly with our MOBILE study was an obvious game changer that people on CGM do better. And I think that the insurance companies as well as CMS are starting to see it. So, more updates to come over time as we get those coverages and we will share those, certainly those that are significant in the future.
Jereme Sylvain: Thanks for the question, Frank. And I think you will see it in our prepared remarks, we do expect $15 million to $20 million of FX headwinds, but we kept our guide the same. And so the way to think about it is we think we can grow through that in the current period. And so as you do the math for the full year, if you include the impact, the incremental impacts of headwind versus a 15% to 20% guide, it’s a 16% to 21% guide. So, that should give you some comfort that, yes, there are headwinds associated with currency. Yes, we do believe we can grow through it. And so a currency-adjusted growth rate certainly would reflect that. So, call it $15 million to $20 million on the year, but it doesn’t change our full year guide.
Kevin Sayer: Well, we could take the rest of the call time, Danielle, and talk about this because it’s something we talk about a lot. Let’s get to the starting point, and that’s the evidence. The fact is over and over again. Every single time we use CGM and run a study in this patient group, people have much better outcomes than they had before. Getting the data from CGM absolutely changes people’s lives and their view of their health, and they make changes because they have feedback that gives them something exactly as to what they should do. We also need to remember that this group of patients, this Type 2 patient who is not on insulin, most of them don’t see endocrinologists or people that are always in the diabetes community, they see their primary care doctors. So we have to come up with a set of tools. It will make it very easy for that position and for this whole group to engage with CGM. Let’s take another look at some of the dynamics going on here. CGM, over time, the cost of CGM has come down, but the cost of these drugs has not come down. The cost of these drugs is very high. What a great way to titrate a new GLP-1 then to have somebody with a CGM to say, hey, this is helping you. This is the right dose. This isn’t the correct dose. It’s going to play a vital role in that space, and it’s going to be a very cost-effective solution for patients in that space, and it’s going to be cost-effective for all the payers. We need to continue to push for reimbursement. Things really don’t grow until they are covered, but we have some very aggressive plans with our partners in the other programs. We have plans of our own. And quite honestly, the feedback we get from the individuals who do get coverage for this, like I said, it’s phenomenal. And none of them write me an e-mail or none of them say, I’m doing better because I’m on a new drug. They attribute their improved health to the CGM and the information that they have and the changes they have been able to make. So we remain bullish on this, but it does take time. I remember the first right along I ever did when I came here years ago, and I asked every doctor I visited, when you put a patient on CGM only after they have been on a pump for a few years because they are not serious about diabetes unless they wear a pump. We will look how that’s changed. We can change the other equation too. We just need a little more time and a little more evidence.
Kevin Sayer: Yes. We’re early on, Robbie, but the feedback has been exactly what we expected has been phenomenal. As you start with product features, size is the first thing everybody sees and even the smaller size of the applicator, lesser materials, size on the body, the half hour warm-up, people love the app being much different than what we’ve had before is being very well accepted and very easy to use, setup as much easier and much more friendly. So far so good with the limited launch. Everybody is very happy who’s on our products so far. And we continue to gather feedback and then we will take the feedback we get and incorporate anything we hear that would be valuable into the full launch when we roll it out later this year.
Kevin Sayer: Matt, I appreciate the question. We do not feel that way at all. With respect to the U.S. population, again, Jereme hit unit volume growth. Our unit volume growth was outstanding this quarter, and our new patient numbers, once we got past the Omicron wave early in the quarter, our new patient as were very, very strong. And we finished where we plan to finish for the quarter in general. So we did not feel that softness at all. And with respect to confidence, people have never had more confidence in our product than they have in G6 right now. As I said earlier, our customer satisfaction scores are better than they have ever been. Patients are very satisfied with DexCom. As we look at further penetration in this marketplace, there are some very significant catalysts coming as well on the Type 1 side, and they’ll also be more applicable to Type 2 intensive users as well. You look at our integrated partners with Tandem and with Omnipod 5 on the horizon and then you look at a G7 product for those who aren’t on because we won’t be integrated with those pumps immediately out of the gate, but a G7 product for our MDI patients that is a much, much better experience than what we have now. And when we have now is world-class, we don’t lack for being bullish at all right now here in the U.S. We think we’re in a good spot.
Kevin Sayer: Larry, thanks for asking. Let’s go back a little bit on G7. Remember, this is a global launch for us, not just a U.S. one. Our limited launch right now in the UK is going on. We have seen mark there. UK will be our first launch as we roll out internationally. And then we roll out to other countries after that as we go through the local approval and filing process. So, we are on track with our international plans. One of the things we have learned over the years is we really don’t give dates as far as when we think things are going to be approved. And we are in our back and forth time with the FDA. We applaud them for spending as much time as they have an effort doing a busy time with us in getting this done. And we are confident, we will have a meaningful U.S. launch of G7 this year. Approval more than likely will come after ADA as knowing what we know and what we see today. And we are comfortable with that. We are also comfortable that there are no showstoppers in the things we are discussing with them. We are having a very good dialogue and look forward to that launch. As far as a bolus with G7, you are absolutely right, we do believe this is going to be a great product launch for us and will lead to more people using CGM. I think it’s important that everybody remember, we are in a different time now with respect to reimbursement particularly with the time it will take to get this into the pharmacy channel. So, as you start lining things up, once you have approval, you file with CMS to get reimbursement that takes some time and the pharmacy contracts take some time. So, we will launch the product and absolutely seek to get reimbursement and approval every place we can as quick as we can and even some prelaunch where we can do that. We have those efforts going on as well. So, this will roll out as quickly as we can do it. We are optimistic we will get approved, but more than likely after ADA.
Kevin Sayer: Yes. This is Kevin. I will take that. Our first users in the BELL countries, this is all an e-commerce effort. This has been an e-commerce platform with some advertising from us. But by and large, our e-commerce platform has reached these people. That’s how they have heard about it and have paid cash for this product on their own. As far as positioning right now, DexCom ONE is positioned for insulin users, but it’s not positioned for those who are going to integrate with another device or even share data with others. It’s a simplified version of our product for that type of use. In the other countries that we rolled out, as Jereme said earlier, we are involved in the tender process. In Spain, we have reimbursement for DexCom ONE in Spain. In many of the European markets, there is a positioning of what you would call high-risk pool and then another pool of insulin using patients. We have always played very well on the high-risk pool with these patients because of our connectivity, our accuracy and our performance. And that is a higher price point within those geographies as well. With DexCom ONE, we now have access to the other patients. And again, the qualification of those patients varies tender-to-tender and country-to-country. But it gives us a much larger playing field – our playing field is going to be expanded anywhere between 80% and 90% in some of these countries where we launched DexCom ONE is a dual product. So, that’s there, that’s why we are doing it and that’s what we believe. So, expanding into new geographies with the product, with the e-commerce platform, but also expanding our reach and making available to more people.
Kevin Sayer: Yes. This is Kevin. I will take that. Obviously, we are getting very good coverage in that segment. That population, again, Medicare covers that, and that is really our fastest-growing patient segment right now. We are doing very well in these Type 2 patients. Hence, the reason for expansion of the sales force and calling on more primary care physicians. As far as penetration in that population, their needs for CGM data are equal to those in our Type 1 population, and we believe not only is CGM going to be successful there, but we will be successful there with our pump partners as well through our integrated systems. So, I – many years ago, I have said 80% penetration for CGM in the Type 1 world and even people from our own company kind of gave me a funny look. I don’t see that as being a problem over time. If you are going to be intensively using insulin, there is no reason to not treat yourself with CGM. It is just a much better tool. So, I believe that penetration get every bit as high as the Type 1 population without any question.
Kevin Sayer: Thank you for the question. This is definitely a passion of mine going way back to my early days in diabetes therapy back in ‘90s. One of the things we have done this year, we have hired a General Manager for our hospital business, a very experienced executive who spent a lot of time here, and we are starting to build a full team around him in that organization. We are running clinical studies right now to show how the product performs in the hospital environment. And we have had numerous discussions with the FDA. I think for us the key here is to get the sensing technology and the performance of the sensor validated and verified that it will be approved and usable in that environment. And the feedback we have gotten certainly during the pandemic has been very, very positive for those facilities that did use CGM. Once we do that and validate the product performance just from a technical perspective, then it becomes a question of what does that product look like, what does it connect to and what is the distribution channel and business model look like. And that’s why we have an experienced GM in the team built out here. We know how much better things work in a hospital if you have continuous data. I have had several experiences where people have told me about having their fingers stuck every 30 minutes without diabetes in a post-surgical order in an ICU, and it drives them crazy when they know they could be on CGM. As you look at the number of hospitalizations and the number of people hospitalized with diabetes and cardiovascular awards, in particular, the CGM opportunity here is vast. The questions we need to answer, business model, product configuration, ease of use, outcomes, all those things. And we have a great team that can put that data together for us. So, we are very optimistic and bullish about it over time. I do appreciate the question. Hopefully, we will have you some more information over the course of the year.
Kevin Sayer: Yes. This is Kevin. I absolutely do. We appreciate all of you for hanging with us today. Obviously, to say things have been a little hectic here would be an understatement. But as always, we get through it. I just – if you look at this quarter, again, $110 million in organic growth, volume increases in the low-40%, great new patient numbers post the Omicron care. DexCom ONE launched in Spain, launch announced in the UK. CE Mark for G7, limited launch for G7 in the UK, continued G7 progress in the U.S., continued scale in our business, positive momentum on the operating leverage side. There is not a whole lot more we could do. Times cannot be better and more hectic they are at DexCom right now. We appreciate everybody’s support and all the fine people who make this possible. Thanks everybody and have a great day.
