Kevin Sayer: There's many parts to your 2-part question. I'll deal with some of them, and then I'll give them to Jereme, Matt, but thanks. Let me talk about the data first. DexCom has long built its legacy on having the best product in the market with respect to performance and a product that everybody can rely on. And time and time again, we've launched products where we published great clinical performance and real life experience always ends up better than what we published.  I've been looking at glucose sensors since the mid-'90s. This data is better than anything I've ever seen. And I think from a marketing perspective and from a customer experience perspective, it's absolutely critical that we remain top of the industry. And this data puts us in there and it demonstrates really the thought and effort that's gone into this product.  Let's not forget, we've changed pretty much everything. There's a new algorithm, new hardware, new electronics, new app you name it, new receiver, everything in here is different than what we've had before. So this has been a monumental effort that's taken a lot of time and to be able to produce this type of clinical results we think just show the diligence of the effort.  And with respect to approvals, we think it's also very important that we not leave room for error or room for doubt with the data that we submitted, which is exactly what we've done when you look at the size of that study. And of 39,000-some matched pairs, there's really no room for doubt that this product is ready for prime time from a performance perspective.  On the approval time lines, as I said in the prepared remarks, we're down to the last steps for CE Mark literally procedural type discussions with documentation that will take place in the near term. We're very confident that we'll get CE Mark very soon, and then we will start our wanted launch in Europe and then roll out to the full launch after that. We've had initial dialogue with the FDA and our submission. And so far, those discussions go well. We currently are not anticipating a delay, but we don't control that any more than we controlled the CE Mark delays either that we've just experienced. By providing great clinical data, though, that certainly takes a large element out of the process. I couldn't be more excited about G7 though, Matt. I'll kick it over to Jereme for the financial ramifications.
Kevin Sayer: Yes, I'd even add to that. I actually got out in the field here earlier this week, and I heard from the rep and the teams out there that they've not had the access they wanted here in the first quarter, but it is starting to open up a little bit. Time will tell.
Kevin Sayer: There is some limited reimbursement for basal only and some nonintensive type 2s, but it's not a very big number, Jeff, it's kind of on a half-hazard basis. And it's not something that -- actually, we sell to or market to because they're just not that much of it out there. The pathway for approval will be similar to what we've done in the past. Given this mobile data, we're certainly presenting this on the commercial side and working to get couch at various payers. And hopefully, some of those will drop over the course of the year.  On the CMS side, now that we have really good data, we have a good CMS plan to work with and go with them, make them more aware. Unless we forget, we did lead the charge for Medicare approval for CGM in general as a company here. So we have experience on this front, and we'll continue to push it. But it takes time, and there's always variables. In all fairness, I was completely wrong on Medicare approval before. It was approved 18 months earlier than I said I was going to come. So when I made a commitment there. So I'm rather having to make any commitments on that front. We're just going to keep pushing.  The most important thing, though, is the outcomes are there. I got a note from a patient not long ago, who is a type 2 patient in this category. And while the patient got put on a new drug, she attribute her 4 month A1C drop in 6 months to being out of DexCom, not to new drug because he knew what her glucose values were, and we've seen this time and time again. And we're very confident this is how this plays out over time.
Kevin Sayer: Well, our competitive message from our reps is going to be the same it's always been, we're the best. And you're right, Robbie, we have a tremendous opportunity on the integrated system front with our partners to go grab as many of these users as we possibly can, and we are in talks with both Tandem and Insulet to let's go Sunshine can get as many as we possibly can as those individuals rotate off warranty and have an opportunity to get into a new system.  I think it speaks to our connectivity strategy and partnering with others now we have 2 options. And we know a big driving factor for both those partners, the fact that they pair with the best product on the marketplace. So we will aggressively work with our partners on that front and make sure we have a joint message together.  With respect to our own DC undrawn direct-to-consumer marketing, we have specific messages literally down to the geography standpoint, where in some states, we target Medicare patients more than others. In other states, we target pediatrics and others. And then we analyze the effectiveness of those adds, the return on those investments and then adjust from there. I think 2022, we're in an interesting year because we're going through a product launch. That really isn't going to affect our behavior.  We have to get more users on the 6 systems as we go. And then some of those ads will ultimately shift over to G7. But we're not going to slow down, and we're not going to create anticipation. We'll market what we have and sell what we have. And then as time comes, we'll pull the switch and go over.
Kevin Sayer: Well, again, let's remind everybody our original DexCom 1 launch is for relatively small countries. The results have been very good. We've launched it as only an e-commerce platform, and 2 of the 4 countries have now put the standards in place to reimburse for it because of these and the acceptance of that product and the price point.  So Dexcom 1 does give us an opportunity, first of all, to expand in new geographies where there may not be reimbursement, where the path to reimbursement would be difficult, and there's a lot of integrated systems. We look forward to that as a geographical expander, where we don't have infrastructure.  The other opportunity we have with Dexcom 1 in all honesty is looking at a possible 2-product strategy in some geographies where we believe we can support our G-Series for those in tens of insulin users, particularly those who are on partner systems and integrated systems and those who need all the share and follow function, pediatrics in particular, and there's another population that may not need all those features. And in those geographies, we believe DexCom 1 is an excellent product offering that could round out our portfolio very nicely.  As far as Libre 3 rolling out, we haven't seen that much of it so far. I know there's been a lot of announcements, that was approved several years ago. So we'll see how that rollout goes.
Kevin Sayer: Our limited launch will be a relatively short period of time and really focus on one geography primarily. And after that, we'll then roll it out to really the larger markets, the larger, more reimbursed markets and the larger markets where we can get reimbursement very quickly and then go down to the smaller ones. So we, again, have the geographies divided up in tiers. Tier 1 countries, Tier 2 and Tier 3 and along those lines. And that will roll out over the course of 2022, certainly to the larger markets then the other geographies will come after that.
Kevin Sayer: And the only thing I'd add to that, Jason, again, these volume numbers still remain very high. So again, as channel mix shifts, the growth rate is lower than the volume numbers. Add to that the fact that our NPS scores are higher than they've ever been. So patients are very happy and satisfied with the DexCom experience, which leads to them staying on the system and also being on the system more time. So as you look at revenue factors going forward, 2 of the biggest ones are patient retention, utilization, and we're doing very well on that front. And so that pretty much sums it up.
Kevin Sayer: We're really happy with the efforts of the sales team. And again, I got out in the field for the first time this week and just had a couple of meetings with some regional teams. I'm very impressed with the quality of the people we were able to bring on. DexCom is a name here in the U.S. has 1 that attracted great candidates. And literally, there were thousands of people that applied for these jobs. We very much had our pick of the cream of the crop.  They're all getting very much up to speed. I'm very also impressed with the diversity of the group with respect to experiences. And what we've learned is they brought from their companies. You have some from pharma, some from devices, some from diabetes, some of who used to be clinicians. So you have a very different team with very good ideas to go about this. We're confident the team is making very good progress. We missed the opportunity in all fairness to have them all together, and I am in particular, to get to know more of them.  The growth in new patient starts has not been linear with the expansion of the sales force. But as we get down into these other markets, we can't expect it to be the same because they don't see as many of the people with diabetes is in our traditional endocrinology market. But we're happy with the growth that they've achieved. We have very ambitious targets for next year. What might be needed in the future is something we debate a great deal internally. We're happy with what we have now, and let's let this play out for a while longer before we make any changes. I don't see anything changing right now. If anything, again, this is all about awareness on our side.  And if what we need to generate more awareness has more feet on the street, that's the direction we would go. For right now, we don't feel that way, but we may in the future. So we'll see. We're never adverse to trying pilot programs in specific geographies to see if another option come work and we will do that all throughout 2022. And if something sticks, we'll move in that direction.
Kevin Sayer: Well, I'll start with basal insulin because the ADA and their recent guidelines came out and recommended CGM continuous use for people on basal insulin, which is a far departure from where we were in the past. This is very encouraging for us because the -- the fact that this group has now recommended that is a for us going forward. And as far as that population utilization in our MOBILE study and even in the other things that we've heard, they have no problem here in CGM all the time.  For nonintensive patients, we've had our program with Level 2 at United Healthcare. We've had other programs with Intermountain Health, Onduo, Welldoc a number of them. and the results remain the same over and over again. Patients on CGM do better than those who are not. And the information provided by CGM enables them to make the proper changes to have better overall health very much like I said in my prepared remarks earlier. We see A1Cs go down because people know what the consequences of their meds, of their exercise, of their diets, of sleep of all these factors has on their overall health.  With respect to the pricing and the business model, we've often said we are solving a different problem when we're going after type 2 less intensive diabetes. And we, therefore, think the pricing model will be different than the current product that we have. And we are working on what that optimal solution is right now, and you'll hear more from us on that front over the course of 2022.
Kevin Sayer: I love what's next question, but these guys are cut me off after 15 minutes, so I'd have to stop. First of all, let's look at G7 and everything that's changed. We have plans in place to modify and make everything with G7 better already. We have, for example, a major cost initiative to reduce our manufacturing costs even where they are. You can expect us to be very diligent in efforts to get that up to a 15-day life from a product perspective because that certainly has a big impact on our P&L.  We have, for example, alternative electronic structures, all those types of things going on. We've never stopped improving our sensor technology. So all of these things, we continue to work on our core business. At some point in time, there may be some diminishing returns, particularly given the accuracy of the data on the current system. So we balance that. But a lot of these efforts, again, we focus on our product development, performance, patient experience, our customer satisfaction and cost. And we look at all those buckets, I can tell you there will be a lot of software initiatives here going forward with the G7 platform.  We believe with DexCom 1, we've merely scratched the surface of our ability to differentiate products through different software experiences, again, creating different business models and expanding our reach.  With respect to their analytes, we continue to study that. We've studied that for quite some time. What we have to determine is what are real commercial markets for us? And in all fairness, we haven't found anything that compares to glucose yet. And we have a lot of things then we need to conquer on the glucose side. But we do have studies going on for some of the other analytes that you certainly be familiar with that you've heard others talk about. It just becomes a question I've asked for when and do we have the right platform and what changes we need to make it to it to get there. So there are numerous things in the pipeline. Don't ever think we've stopped here. It's going.
Kevin Sayer: In our long-term plans, we certainly show OUS revenues becoming a larger portion of our overall revenue picture than they are today. We don't have them eclipsing U.S. revenues in our current 5-year plan because we have so much opportunity in the U.S. market. I think the user base is a great question. Because over time, the characteristics of that user base changes as we are into more, for example, DexCom 1 type products where it's an e-commerce platform. We don't know how sticky those patients are going to be right now.  We have developed a great model for stickiness with respect to our current user base. And we are designing our products and our software experiences to maintain that type of engagement in a model where people can afford to pay for the product. For many years, the #1 reason an individual could using DexCom was cost. And we are trying to knock that barrier down more and more as we speak. We need to make sure we address those issues going forward.  Our customer experience team has been fabulous identifying things we can do to make our product better and increase that base and have them stay. It's not just getting them. Getting the users is one task, but maintaining them is another one. And our record is unlike anybody else is in this industry, we're really good at this.
Kevin Sayer: Thanks a lot, operator. As we spend today, looking back at 2021, I just want to spend a minute and acknowledge our teams today. We have a commercial team who generated 26% revenue growth and volumes that far exceeded that in a time when we're putting through rapid expansion efforts as we doubled the U.S. sales force, acquired distributors and did a number of things to make it more difficult. We have an operations and quality group who're doing all this time when the world has talked about component shortages and not being able to produce product has delivered every single month.  In addition to delivering, we've opened a large regional distribution center in Arizona, and we're building our factory in Malaysia, and we're hitting our schedules and time frames there. You look at the innovation at this company from R&D, clinical and quality groups with respect to the work and efforts on G7 as we got those filings in and those filings are person with respect to the data that we presented. And we're getting up and ready to scale on the upside. And then just from a day-to-day basis, our HR group has walked us through thousands of hires literally in the past year. And the finance guys haven't missed a beat. And IT as we move to home, we've not had any trouble. This has been a great year for DexCom. And a lot of people have contributed. It's never just one group or one thing. So I just wanted to thank everybody, acknowledge everybody's accomplishments, and we look forward to a great year next year. Thanks.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Yes. So it's a good question on the margins. We exited 2021 north of 68% with our G6, right? So we are certainly seeing G6 firing on all cylinders from an efficiency perspective. And so your question is, well, how does the sequencing and timing of G7 work? How does that impact the margin in relation to the timing throughout the course of the year? And it's a little bit of an insulation.  So if it rolls out a little bit slower, certainly, the cost to produce G7 are higher, but that means we're ultimately selling more G6. And so you have this little bit of this transition, where as you think about it from a multitude of different scenarios, it really zones back in on the 65% margin, and that's the reason why we feel comfortable with the guidance there.  I'll give you the opposite scenario of G7 is able to come out a little bit faster. The regulatory approval happens quicker. Certainly, we'll be selling more of it, and we'll be able to leverage the fixed cost infrastructure and certainly improve yields. And so you ultimately get to that end goal a little bit quicker. So I think under both scenarios, whether regulatory approval and launches sooner or later, I think that 65% gross margin really speaks to the entirety of the year.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Yes, I'll take that one. Yes. Sorry about that. We cut a little bit in and out there, but I think I got the question, which is how we thought about it. And I'd say for the full year guidance, we have factored in the impact of COVID and how that would impact us. Now we did talk a little bit about it on the call. And I think you saw this really across, especially in the United States, really where Omicron was pretty strong throughout the course of January, and we see it starting to dissipate here in February.  So we will see that as car ability to get in front of primary care physicians and access new patients, but it's not a question of if, it's more a question of when. And so that was all contemplated in the guidance. And as we think about the full year, there's a lot of other things that we think are certainly interesting but it's as we think about certainly Dexcom 1 and the launch, as Kevin referred to of G7 with the incredible data.  So we've really contemplated all of those in the guidance. But certainly, we know that as we exited January, certainly, there were some primary care physicians that were closed outside participants, but we are starting to see some of that though as we move to February.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. So what we had mentioned is in the U.S., they were in the high 30s and globally, they were also in the high 30s. And so that's the 2 numbers. So we gave you the global one, certainly in early January. And then today, we mentioned the U.S. was also in the high 30s as well.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Yes. So this year, our pricing headwinds, we had talked about is really what we call channel mix was really around $250 million, $200 million in the U.S. and about $50 million outside the U.S. We came in a little bit light of that this year, but generally in line with that. And we expect similar type mix headwinds into 2022 and then dissipating significantly as we move into 2023.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Yes. Thanks, Jason. Appreciate the call. So what we saw from a growth perspective is about 15%. It was a little bit slower from a growth revenue dollars perspective. Now we did see unit volumes in the high 30%, which indicates that the underlying patient base continues to be strong.  I think the one thing that we did see, and I think you referenced it earlier in your question, was didn't hit our new patient targets. It was still -- we still had near a record new patient add. And so it was still a solid addition, and we're still very happy -- but we did have some challenges getting into the primary care physician offices. And Kevin alluded to it earlier. He was out in the field. And when Omicron was really running at a tight, a lot of those offices were really not seeing outside visitors. And so that creates a little bit of a challenge as you're ultimately getting to know these physicians and getting them to ultimately understand how to use the product. That was the predominant driver of what you saw in the Q4.  And in our early calls when we kind of released early numbers, we have mentioned that, and we've confirmed that over the next -- over the past few weeks is that was predominantly the driver. And As we -- as Omicron dissipates and we're able to get back in front of these primary care physicians, we remain bullish that folks will ultimately adopt the technology similar to what you've seen prior to that. But that was really the predominant driver, nothing really beyond that.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Yes. No, it's a fair question. And it's split about 50-50. I think what you're going to see is you're going to see us leveraging mostly the G&A line and the SG&A line. We'll continue to make sure that we're allocating funds to sales and marketing, but you're going to see us leveraging the G&A line and continuing to do so. And then you will see some of the falloff on some of the R&D side as we leverage R&D. And as we post G7 launch, we don't have to incur as many costs associated with a launch establishment. So think about it 50-50 across both of those and G&A, not S&M and R&D.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Yes. No, I'm happy to walk through it. So you are correct. As time moves on, the move of the commercial business certainly more and more to pharmacy then DME should give us more of a situation where Q1 and Q4 are less pronounced. And so you are 100% correct there. And over the longer haul, that's where we expect to go.  In terms of seasonality for this quarter, we do expect it to be relatively similar to last year. And again, that's just more of us trying to navigate through, one, that migration; two, the Omicron variant this year was certainly more than we saw in January of last year. And so we're really comparing year-over-year. And so I think it's fair to say that. So we would expect that those 2 things really offset each other. So you see a little bit of a seasonality in this of 2022 similar to that you've seen in the past.  Longer term, you are correct, and we will expect absent all macro factors that ultimately impact people's ability for movement and seeing physicians, et cetera, it will migrate to more of that situation. But we'll keep you posted as years get forward about that seasonality. For now, that's our expectation.
Jereme Sylvain: I think the safe bet is just to assume multiple country entries with DexCom 1. And we'll get you a little bit more color once we're into those countries, hold those back for a strategic purpose.
Jereme Sylvain: No, I think one of the things that if you think about this opportunity that we really prepared ourselves for, even beyond our product and our engagement there is some of the software with connectivity that we've built. And so the real-time API, for example, is our way of trying to move into this market and think about, well, if you're building an app and your app is built around whatever that happens to be, whether it is, to your point, health and wellness, we want to be able to be the partner of choice.  Now we have to work on labels and things around those lines, which we'll absolutely do over the long haul. But we've really set ourselves up to be what we believe is the partner of choice, and we'll continue to do so. So that's another way we're going about it, which I think you'll continue to see us push down that path as well.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes, absolutely. So let's think about 2021. And just as you think about that overperformance, really, there's a couple of real drivers of it. It's one, we've built a lot of automated machinery. And as a result of that, yields have gone up over time. And so you've seen the team has done an incredible job of building those yields, really driving those through. And that -- the reduction of waste and the increase efficiency and the increase of the absorption of those fixed costs really was an incredible step forward.  Also through the through our experience with G6, we've reduced our warranty exposure. And as you have warranties, you're sending out replacements, you're sending those out, we're starting to maximize our logistics departments and reducing those freight costs ultimately in fulfilling it. So all of those things were all hitting on and maximizing those for G6.  Now when you launch G7, you've got brand-new machinery. You've got -- so you've got to go through the yields process again. It's a new product. And so you actually -- you have to work through the warranty and how you ultimately navigate that. And so when you get to the question, well, what happened in 2021? That's exactly what happened. The team is doing an incredible job. And in 2022, as we launch G7, we're going to go through that journey. And as you saw with the step back that you saw when we launched G6, there was a step back and then we were able to navigate our way through it. We expect to be able to do the same with G7. However, in the year of launch, we know we're going to have to navigate through them.  And so what could be potential upside to that could be effectively if we're able to navigate through either yields or warranties quicker than expected, which again dovetails into how quick regulatory approvals happen, et cetera. So that's the primary driver. Over the long haul, there's no reason to believe that we can't continue to be more efficient over time. G7 was designed with efficiency in mind. And we have tons of different work streams that are going on around how to maximize -- and Kevin referred to it earlier on how to maximize the cost potential within that line. And so we'll continue to do that over time. We'll get to 2023 when we get there. But over the course of 2022, we're very excited about launching G7 and then going through the improvements.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. And I think just to your question in terms of how is it repeatable over time in terms of the patient base. Look, I mean, the majority of DexCom's existence has been really focused on the intensive insulin user. But we know that there's an unmet need as you move into a basal user, and that's with the MOBILE study. And that's a large increase in addressable population. We also know that the type 2 space, there's a huge demand for that product there, but it's a question, as Kevin referred to, ultimately, how do we go to market in there? And we have some great ideas about how it should look, and we're working through those.  So I think we're in a pretty good spot. But we're navigating through that. And then to your point, the prediabetes population and health and wellness population is huge. And so it's really a matter of us getting the right product into those folks' hands. And I think that's what you see us doing over time. All the investment in software and platforms is really designed around how do we engage not only our existing population and engage them better but also engage these new population, which means the TAM for this potential product is incredibly large.
