Kevin Ronald Sayer: Thank you very much and welcome to our first quarter 2015 earnings call. We'll start off with Steve Pacelli and our traditional Safe Harbor statement.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Thank you, Steve. Joining me today are Jess Roper, our Chief Financial Officer, and Steve Pacelli, our Executive Vice President of Strategy and Corporate Development. Sticking with the format we established during our last earnings call, Steve will start with a review of our detailed first quarter 2015 financial results and I will follow with our customary operations update and offer some concluding thoughts before opening the lines for questions. But before I turn the call over to Steve, I want to take a moment to talk about some of our major accomplishments during this first quarter. First, we launched our G4 PLATINUM with Share System in March, just over 30 days after receiving approval. We were planning to launch this product in Q2 and had to accelerate a number of tasks to pull this off. I want to acknowledge the efforts of all of our fine people involved with this project. Second, we filed the DexCom G5 mobile system in February. We have long dreamed of transmitting sensor data directly to a smartphone as have our patients and we believe that that dream will be realized later this year. Concerning our commercial activities, we again experienced significant revenue growth in spite of the fact that the first quarter is always the most challenging from a reimbursement perspective. U.S. new patient growth was exceptional as on a percentage basis, our new patient growth compared to Q1 last year far exceeded our 55% total revenue growth for the quarter. Finally, we made progress on a number of other fronts that we will report on throughout the call. With that, I'll turn the call over to Steve.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: You know Mike, I was pretty proud that I gave that much detail, but what I said is our revenues grew 55%, our new patient growth exceeded that number. So if you compare the new patients we added in Q1 of last year, we added more than 55% more than we added last year.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: It's all across the board. Pediatrics has been very helpful, but we had pediatrics, I believe – I don't know that we had it in Q1 last year...
Kevin Ronald Sayer: You know and I'll just add one comment to Steve's, Mike. I also said we'd do more to support them and we will. We'll be involved in – if we're going to make more automated systems and systems that do more, we probably know as much about algorithms given our experience with all these artificial pancreas groups as anybody in the world. So, we – as these companies make their commitments, we will make commitments with them.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: You know what, it'll happen the day – as soon as we get approval, it'll be very similar to the Gen 4 launch before. We'll go very quickly, provided we don't get an approval two months ahead of where we planned getting it like we got with this Receiver. Now our G4 PLATINUM with Share Receivers have the capability to receive the Gen 5 transmitter signal through a software revision, so those patients aren't going to have to buy new Receivers to get the Gen 5 transmitter. They can go directly to that. That transmitter will speak directly to a phone. Patients will have to download the new app. We're not planning on charging for the app for Gen 5. With respect to sensor manufacturing, it is a G4 PLATINUM sensor, the transmitter is the same – to start, the transmitter is going to be a similar form factor to the G4 transmitter. So we're not going to have to change anything operationally. We'll be producing the exact same sensor, so it's going to be all systems go from day one.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: That's what it's labeled for. Our current one is labeled every six months and we know some of our patients get a lot longer than six months out of it. This one will be labeled for three months use, because a Bluetooth radio requires a lot more energy and we did not feel like going a bunch bigger for the patients. So, we want to keep the same footprint.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Well, longer-term – I'll start with longer term. Longer term, it's going to be much easier for our patients and for us and for everybody involved because if you can go to Rite-Aid or Walgreens or wherever and pick up your sensors and your transmitter every three months, possibly as a bundled package, that makes life much easier. Pharmacy copays are typically lower than DME deductibles and all the other things involved in that cycle. That will make things much better for the patients. Over the long-term for us quite honestly that will reduce the number of distributors that we manage and ship product to. We will still have some business always in DME as we look out over three years to five years, at probably a 70% to 30% ratio, that would be our goal, pharmacy versus DME to do that. With respect to pricing, we're in the middle of negotiating pricing contracts for pharmacy benefit, and pricing is – it's going to be different. It's negotiated differently. But what people tend to forget is we already sell to distributors and give part of our price away to them to begin with, so it's going to balance out over time and what we hope to do is keep pricing relatively constant over time and we go to great measures to evaluate each and every one of these contracts. And what they do from an operating expense perspective, we think it could be a huge impact for us because we just can't keep – we can't go lease building to deal with all the phone calls on the DME side, it is not a scalable business model for us over time given how many patients we're going to add and use this product. So we feel the need to as I often say change before you have to and we'll push the business in that direction.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Well we've been moving business through that channel and pricing on an overall basis really hasn't changed. We don't disclose the percentage that we moved. We are going to give everybody really more of a report card on this later on in the fall, as some of the contracts we're in the process of negotiating fall into place which will have an effect on our business probably going forward for the rest of the year. Short-term it hasn't affected us much yet and I don't think it'll have much effect 2015, because I don't think we can push enough of the business there to really have a big impact. So we'll see how it goes in 2016, but again let's not forget something else. Then we go to a ten day sensor, so if we can get ten days of reimbursement for a sensor versus seven days for a sensor, that certainly would eclipse anything we would lose on the pharmacy benefit front. So as we go through these business evolutions, we're contemplating a whole bunch of variables while we do this.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: You know what, we always have in the first quarter – our existing patients don't buy as many sensors as they buy in other quarters because a lot of them have loaded up in December when all their copays and deductibles and all the other stuff has been met and they still have their flexible spending accounts. So you have an increase in hardware purchased that's driven to a large extent by new patients who buy receivers and transmitters in Q1 and then buy some sensors and we have some other sensor purchases, but the rest of the upgrade cycle is a little slower in Q1. So that's how the 30:70 ratio remains relatively consistent from Q4 to Q1.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: You know what, our plans would currently indicate that, how much they grow over Q2 of last year I wouldn't talk about today. But our team is certainly looking forward to adding more patients in Q2 than we did in Q1.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: The hardware mix, Ben, is also going to be affected with the Gen 5 launch, because then new patients, the new patients may buy receivers but the new receiver upgrade cycle is going to go away, or it's not going to go away it's just going to decrease a lot. So, all these factors are going to affect the business model throughout the rest of the year.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: So we'd like to keep patient revenue the same but the split will probably change, so the 30:70 mix as you look at Gen 5 will probably start moving down closer to 25.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: It is very important and this is largely a function of our meetings and discussions with the agency and we're still in the middle of discussing clinical study sizes and efforts. I would tell you the biggest effort here, one of the big efforts is going to be human factors because when we have a claim that you can dose insulin with this device, we have to make sure the user interface and the manuals and the training and everything actually teach someone how to use the system and how to dose insulin from it. So we're headed into some new ground here. I don't have timing for you today. We'll upgrade that more at the end of the Q2 call but I think it's going to be something we work on as we go. And it is independent of the Gen 5 filing. It's independent of the Gen 5 launch. We're going to have to prepare user guides and cut over to that claim at some point in time but we've kept that effort independent of the core technologies.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: It's certainly – it's certainly – we're hopeful for 2016. It does change depending a lot upon Gen 6 timing, depending upon dosing claim timing, depending upon how we do with Gen 5, it's a little bit fluid. We have run studies on the applicator system and they have gone extremely well so our design is very much locked down right now and now it's a question of how quickly can we scale up. (35:47)
Kevin Ronald Sayer: You know what, Brooks, we have been involved with enough research projects that we know automated insulin delivery is going to come. Medtronic spends an inordinate amount of time talking about that how, about their 640G, their 670G and their future products. We want a product in that space. We want a partner to be in that space. We think we can help that group of patients who truly want some type of control, maybe just during the night time, maybe during the day. However they want to configure it, control within a range, there are a number of studies going on. And we do believe in the pump market, those products are going to be important. We believe our partners can get there, but we don't want to go back and spend a bunch of time re-engineering the Gen 4 or Gen 5 system and continue to have to support it and build it for another 10 years to support somebody who gets a sensor-augmented pump approved in three years. So we're going to – we're pushing to go faster. We're pushing to go to our future platforms and we're offering to help. We're prepared to run the business. Our models are as a standalone to a large extent internally certainly for the short-term period but we think as we look out over 10 years and become a force in the diabetes world, bigger than we are, we need products offerings and the fact is patients deserve the best sensor technology, they're not going to get it someplace else.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: We're not in the pump business today. Call us when we're at $2 billion, $3 billion in sensor revenue and we'll think about it. With respect to the pump partners I do think display on their pumps is going to be helpful in the short-term because people do want integrated solutions with DexCom. I think over the next couple of years as we evolve our products faster than they're able to do, it will be a little problematic for them, but we'll work with them. We'll make these relationships work as best we can.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: We've got certainly as we discussed in the financial section, the upgrades that we promise for free, we have everything – all the revenue on that deferred and that program will be completed by the end of the second quarter. Other people's receivers will upgrade over the course of their normal upgrade cycle if they choose to and that's just part of our normal sales. We don't have a schedule for that and nor could I tell you what percentage – or would we disclose what percentage of our patients did upgrade in this quarter.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: You know what we've learned over time here is our patient community is very pressed on the cost side. And to accelerate an upgrade and pay more than you would pay with a copayer deductible is not something most of our patients do. Now we have had some pediatric patients in particular the day this thing was announced call up and say I got to have this tomorrow, but that isn't a majority of them. We even learned with Gen 4 when we launched that back in 2012, we offered reduced price upgrades and several things, and not that many people took advantage of them. So, I don't see that as going crazy. I think it'll typically between – happen during the normal course of use and during normal purchasing patterns.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Should be the same if not a little bit more than they were on Gen 4. But all that stuff has to cycle through our payer arrangements and everything, so that's going to take time.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Our discussions with the FDA have been very aggressive on the dosing or non-injunctive claim from when we started earlier this year, so I don't know if that's the initiative that sparked their interest or got us talking more about that, but they have been very progressive and we have very routine dialogues with them on it. So I don't – I can't attribute it to that or anything else other than, they know that patients use our sensor to dose, they see patients in the FDA who wear our system and who use it to dose and so they want to put some parameters around that type of activity.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: That algorithm is not available for international patients yet. We're working on when exactly to drop that in. With respect to pediatrics, we continue to have an open dialogue with the FDA on that. The study results and our filing has been in for a reasonable amount of time, but certainly not to the point where we're concerned about timing. The dialogue has been ongoing. It should be available little bit later this year, probably in the first half of this year.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: You know what, we will stick to 40% and if we do better like we did this quarter, that is great. Everybody forgets 40% growth means you double every two years, that's a lot of growth and that's a lot to sustain. I do think we need these new products and these new platforms to expand our markets to get different types of patients, to get more new patients, to get on new patients more quickly, but again if we double our business every two years that is a lot of growth to manage for anybody. So we'll stick to that and if acceleration continues like this, we'll be thrilled. I mean, we kept up with over 50% growth for something like 10 quarters in a row without a back order. I don't think there are many companies who can do that, so kudos to our team. And we'll just keep driving to keep doing that, but we'll just have to see.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: We are gradually and slowly increasing the use of CGM for insulin using Type 2 patients. And many of our payer contracts are now being renegotiated to cover all insulin using patients which would cover the insulin using Type 2s. One of the problems with this is a lot of those are Medicare patients and we don't get to play in that space right now. As we look out over time and other Type 2 patients who may not be on insulin or who may be needing to make the choice to go on insulin, we really think and particularly as you look at Gen 6 and all the cost improvement models that we are working on with transmitters, insertion devices and all our new products as well that we can offer something very, very economical and a wonderful platform for Type 2s for intermittent use diagnostics, pre-diabetes diagnostics, evaluating the effectiveness of drugs. We have a reasonably sized, not a huge but a reasonably sized sales effort for clinical studies for diabetes drugs. And some of these drugs when you see how they affect Type 2 patients, on the CGM, it is – it's pretty remarkable. And the glucose curves go down very rapidly with these compounds. There is no better way to titrate these compounds, there is no better way to determine which ones are effective and which ones aren't, than a CGM warn for a couple of weeks. As we go to extended wear, as we go to possibly disposable transmitter and some of – and no calibrations, some of the other things we're doing, we think we can play in it very nicely. But it's going to be a little while. We've got enough road to hoe with insulin using Type 2s and Type 1s today. That'll be our focus and then over time we'll move to the others.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Definition for us of a new user is somebody who hasn't purchased a starter kit from us ever, or like maybe a two year gap or something like that, yeah, some long period of time, so.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: They're coming from everywhere. We're still getting a nice chunk of MDI patients. Certainly we find that again there are some Animas users, certainly in the new patient group, certainly more new Animas users this quarter than there have been in other periods because of the Vibe launch, Tandem patients, Insulet patients, many of those patients using our pumps – I mean our sensors. I don't think disenchanted Medtronic users are the biggest factor in our growth, but I can tell you I have seen independent marketing data that says that we – while we were losing all our – a lot of our patients to 530G when it came out with respect to wearing DexCom sensors, the percentage of 530G patients now using DexCom sensors is beginning to increase. That's from an independent source, not from what we have here, so we're picking some of that up as well, it is across the board.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: And they did purchase a new Vibe pump so they can be – have an integrated system. So I – there certainly were some of those sales as well.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: You know what, as long as we stay on every one of these calls, as long as we sell more sensors, we're happy.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: You know what, we've spent a lot of time in marketing and sales dollars on marketing to the healthcare provider and healthcare professional community, you're going to see over the next year we're going to go to those people. Everybody understands what an iPhone looks like, everybody understands sharing data, they understand what iWatch's look like beautiful, that iWatch app is beautiful. If you can look at the user digitalization on that. We have tried to some pilot programs to go more direct to consumer into magazines, into newspapers, we even tried a little bit of a directed television stuff to see what we can do. We're going to get bigger and go out to broader bases. We need to take this message to the people.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Doctors are doing fine but we think more can be done to drive additional adoption as patients become more aware and we need to drive some of that awareness. One of the most effective ways for patients to get on CGM is to have them walk into the doctor's office and say I've seen this, I would like this. And we learned that like, Terry and I learned that way back when in our pump days as we drove awareness with some very focused campaigns and we're going to start doing some of that here. So stay tuned, you'll see.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Okay. All right then, I'll just offer a few concluding remarks and everybody, we can all have a great day. This was a great quarter for DexCom, our revenues increased by approximately $26 million and even though our financials are a little bit fuzzy here with the launch and the charges we had to take as adjusted our net income on a cash basis was $10 million higher than it was a year ago. So in essence get pretty close to 35% of everything that we increased on the top-line. Our business model is working very well in spite of significant investments on the commercial and on the product development side. We've always believed that mobile platforms would be a key in moving this company to the next level. It's happening as we speak. We've also taken on a lot of infrastructure this quarter. We've opened up a new building and we're increasing our manufacturing capacity seamlessly. Finally as you can tell from our enthusiasm on our product pipeline, it's progressing at an amazing pace. Our commitment to our patients is unparalleled and will never go away, you can continue to expect great things from us. Thank you very much.
Steven Robert Pacelli: Yeah, Mike. This is Steve, I'll take this one. So, let's talk first and foremost with Gen 5, we moved display to the mobile phone. We've already heard with – even with G4 PLATINUM with Share, nobody is pulling out their receivers anymore. People are ecstatic about interacting with their CGM on the phone. So, our belief, and I think our partners by and large share this belief that once the data is on the mobile phone nobody is going to pull out their pump just to look at their CGM readings. So, going forward what we're saying to the partners, and I think most of the partners are understanding and on board with this, for advanced technologies, and moving beyond Gen 5, think Gen 6 and beyond, that they've got to do something with the sensor data other than just display it. Because, I mean, these projects, they're work for us for our R&D teams too and to put a bunch of resources forward for something that's really not that necessary for a display only, is just not something that we are interested in going forward. So the comment really just said, partners, you need to step up and commit resources to doing something – not necessarily calling it an artificial pancreas, but something more automated with sensor doing some sort of control of the pump before you're going to get access to our future technologies.
Steven Robert Pacelli: But remember, one thing we commented on in our year end call a couple months ago was that we've gotten much much better at processing and pushing product out the door and what we commented on the last call is that we did an exceptional job in Q4 of pushing everything we possibly could.
Steven Robert Pacelli: I think the revenues – the hardware revenue could go up slightly, but we also think that there could be one of the comments in Kevin's prepared remarks was that, we think that sensor utilization could go up with Gen 5, because we think there is going to be a stronger compliance particularly in the pediatric segment. I think hardware revenues from a transmitter perspective could go up slightly.
Steven Robert Pacelli: The receiver replacement cycle was 12 months to 18 months, probably extends out because people are going to keep their receiver at home in their briefcase, backpack, desk. They're just not going to use it as much so they're not going to need to replace it.
Steven Robert Pacelli: No, it's a combination of things. It's a combination of mix between – in the U.S., we sell a portion of our business direct through payer contracts and a portion through distribution. We sell 100% through distribution. Depends on the mix of distributors in a given quarter – our mix – the insurance plan pricing varies, not dramatically, but it varies enough to move the needle. So, that's all that's going on there.
Steven Robert Pacelli: No, I mean to be honest we don't have great visibility. We only have I think three international employees at this point, maybe four.
Steven Robert Pacelli: We have four. All of our business internationally is through distribution so we don't get great visibility into – we're making estimates based on discussions with distributors and selling patterns into clinics and what not but we really don't have a good sense of what the utilization is. We know that in Europe there is a much more predominant use of the system as a professional use system, meaning that the clinic or the hospital or the doctor's office owns the hardware and then uses it with multiple patients on a more periodic basis, but we just don't have great visibility there.
Steven Robert Pacelli: Because you remember, a starter kit could still go to an out of warranty patient if the insurance company will approve both the starter kit and another transfer.
Steven Robert Pacelli: Yeah, this is Steve, I'll take this one. So, you're right J&J in their earnings call and even subsequent to that has commented that the Vibe is actually helping their sales in the U.S. so I think in response – I think it was Brooks that asked the question about the impact of CGM on pump sales. I think J&J has acknowledged that it has helped. But you're right that we – when we look at our patient base – when we look at our pump portion of our patient base, certainly a big chuck of them were Animas Vibe users previously. And so, when they come in we would not count them as a new patient. That would not be a net new patient to us. That would be just a patient who would continue to buy G4 PLATINUM sensors but now they can connect their transmitter directly to the pump.
