Terrance H. Gregg: Thanks, Steve. Joining me today are Kevin Sayer, our President and Chief Operating Officer; Jess Roper, our Chief Financial Officer; and you just heard from Steve Pacelli, our Executive Vice President of Strategy and Corporate Development. I assume by now most of you have seen our earnings press release. Our financial results speak for themselves. During the third quarter we achieved record sales, record margins and we were cash flow positive. Before I turn the call over to Kevin to review our financial results in greater detail and provide a brief operations update, I’d like to update the investment community with some exciting news regarding a new addition to our Board of Directors, it is no secret that we have a tremendous amount of work in front of ourselves, our system evolves into display on a smart phone paired with robust data management tools. To that end we are pleased to announce the addition of Steve Altman, Vice Chairman of Qualcomm and long time diabetes advocate to our Board. Steve brings unique and diversified expertise to an already dynamic board of directors, Steve has served on Qualcomm’s executive committee for nearly 15 years providing direction and guidance on key initiatives across all areas of the business as well as on overall Qualcomm vision and strategy, he joined Qualcomm in 1989 and his leadership roles have included General Counsel, President of Qualcomm Technology Licensing, President of Qualcomm and most recently as Vice Chairman of Qualcomm. Throughout his 24 year tenure Steve’s contributions help to enable the successful growth, evolution and expansion of Qualcomm into a world leading mobile technology innovator and we are pleased to welcome him to the board. I would now like to turn the call over to Kevin.
Terrance H. Gregg: Tom I’m actually going to ask Steve and Steve heads our Steering Committee relationship with Animas and he would be better suited to answer that.
Terrance H. Gregg: No, you can’t go back. And obviously on the cash flow we’ve made comments about the full year 2014 and our Board as always maintained that the direction that we should go and then look at GAAP positive in 2015 and beyond. So it is always going to be an incremental goal to continue to make this business more profitable, but echoing Kevin’s comments not at the expense of having a robust R&D pipeline, not at the expense of achieving our goal of replacing fingers tips which I look on the horizon and see how close. We think we are with some of the technology that we are currently developing and it would be a shame, I think it would be a – it’s our moral obligation to pursue this for people with diabetes.
Terrance H. Gregg: Ben it’s a combination of things. So number one, and the answer to your question. No we didn’t hire the additions in the third quarter that shows this difference. But I would like to contrast it by. We hired better reps and in terms of our attractiveness to the people that we hire. And the next 20 I am sure we are not lacking opportunities to hire some of the best particularly as we get some contraction in the diabetes world as a result of economic impact. We get to kind of pick who we choose and I think that’s a implant that what that translates into is that they are more active, more successful more quickly. So you don’t have that long traditional and four to six month learning curve that new reps particularly those that are coming from outside of the CGM business tend to take in order to get them up to speed. I think the second plan and my seals business contracts that the same docs that I called on a year ago that I called back on today and right along just that attitude towards CGM first has driven so many cases the product is selling itself. And the rep is certainly out promoting that that’s one of the reasons that Kevin and the team are made the decision to expand the sales force again. Because we are not completely serving the entire diabetes population that we should and now we’re enough awareness about the G4 PLATINUM that now is the time to drive that message to our larger group of physicians and prescribers.
Terrance H. Gregg: Yeah, I have to look at the use the international experience of the proxy, so the deals just come which is the 530G in European launch and its been there for about three years now, has not grown particularly the Vibe has taken share in every country that they are in I think the physicians recognize the lack of utility of that low glucose suspend over there low threshold here that when you are only suspending for an average of 11 minutes and overnight and that suspension represents probably less than a couple of units of insulin that you are, really not doing much. So I don’t think it would necessarily harm a patient but all it’s going to do is just drive them crazy where alarms they wake up do a confirmatory finger stick recognized that and neon light sensor is wrong and so I think as more that happened the more frustrated and more alarms of session that patients engage in and that’s all going to come back to the blogs and give to healthcare providers.
Terrance H. Gregg: Steve, I thought Steve had a great answer to that? This is driven by JNJ and although we are helping them every step of the way, it’s really their filing until that actually goes in and they’ve responded appropriately they would be inappropriate for us to comment on timing.
Terrance H. Gregg: There is a lot more upside I mean when you look at data that says where we are at has a penetration in a category we clearly mostly everybody things we’ve got more than 50% share in the U.S. and I don’t know whether that’s true or not true but as the category approaching 10% if you look pumps they are not quite at 30% so I would say our target has to be in order to pump so we’ve got a lot of runway get in front of us to achieve much better results.
Terrance H. Gregg: It’s started picking up a little bit in September and it’s gone a little faster here in October, November it’s still has the floodgates haven’t opened yet.
Terrance H. Gregg: Yes, we have we don’t manufacture SEVEN PLUS sensors anymore, we’ve got a safety stock of inventory build primarily to service our professionally used patients until the G4 PLATINUM professional used system is approved and occasional one-off shipments to our patients we’re in the middle of implementing some very aggressive upgrade programs for the remainder of the SEVEN PLUS patients to get them switched over and those will be going out shortly. We’ll push pretty hard over the next six weeks.
Terrance H. Gregg: And the other impact not just we were transparent but if we gave you Q4 year outlook, Q1 2014 and that’s not what we want to do, we don’t want to give quarterly guidance.
Terrance H. Gregg: Well I mean I will tell you, it’s been too early on their launch to really good optics on what it’s going to turn out to be that is why in Kevin’s comment, two to three quarters, you can’t come up building a standpoint got some issues to the individual component parts, transmitters and so forth that our patients have already been reimbursed for. So Medtronic has built for some of those things. I think it’s a very complicated scenario and I would expect that even in those that have upgraded and get to their own competitive analysis between the G4 PLATINUM and then light sensor, I worry less about the attrition of those based on few but we’ve received as I mentioned I get screenshots from patients making their own comparison and I think we will see more and more of that. So I’m not as concerned I believe as maybe some others are.
Terrance H. Gregg: Yes, Steve I can’t speak with specifics for Tandem because we haven’t frankly, I haven’t talked to the Tandem business folks as to their specific launch plans but absolutely with Animas and with the Vibe product, their expectation is to go straight after the Medtronic installed base, I mean look it is not that the vast majority of pump patients in the U.S. were Medtronic pump, they probably have 65 plus percent market share. So every year the number of pumps sold in the U.S. is probably I would mentioned we have got those more pumps sold through to existing patients than our new patients through pump therapy. So the lowest of the low hanging fruit is the patient who has already chosen to wear a pump but has just moved in just part of the upgrade cycle. So absolutely that will the Animas primary target then I know my guess is that Tandem will probably do the same, we have heard business publicly shared from Tandem that they have done a nice job in adding the patients they have added to-date in converting Medtronic patients. So I assume the Tandem would probably take the same approach.
Terrance H. Gregg: Well again we continue to have discussions with the FDA the discussion center or labeling of products specifically for pediatric patients and they are requiring specific pediatric patent offering and a specific period patient product offering. We are discussing those features with the agency and coming to where they want us to be as far as how that comes on Board again I go back to our past history, we announced G4 PLATINUM I believe on October 7 to 8 last year and we’re shipping October 20, we expect the same from our team here again and then once it comes onboard we can directly market to the pediatric endocrinologists and we believe over time that segment of our patient base will grow up from 8% to 10% than it is now three more reflective of the general diabetes population in the 20% and 30% range. So it’s a wonderful growth opportunity for us and with our accuracy of our product, with the connectivity and convenience in the communications feature we are about to offer we think it’s a wonderful area for us to go.
Terrance H. Gregg: To start with we’re going to – we have got some pricing models build, I rather or not disclosed now I need what my marketing team figure the way through that I can tell you our goal in this product is not to launch a product that people look at and go on, I can’t afford that, we want people to buy this and use it and buy more sensors, so it will be very economically feasible for the patients it will add some to our bottom line but ultimately our goal here is to sell more sensors and that’s what we’re choosing for.
Terrance H. Gregg: We’ve never given a retention or attrition percentage in detail to anybody, it’s a lot better obviously when it had, it is a very significant improvement overall settle it for it.
Terrance H. Gregg: Lots of the growth this year has been in our core countries as the news countries come on board they will slow, but we are making progress in adding those 10 new countries by the end of the year we are confident we’ll approved in pretty much once we look to add and then we would expect those to account for decent piece of our international revenues next year. So we will finish that up. Every country is important and every one of these add is important to us total, we will build that business over time, so our team is doing exactly what we asked so.
Terrance H. Gregg: I said that it’s always been our target and then one can do is looking at 65% overall margins with the hardware and sensor mixed that were there well with in that target range.
Terrance H. Gregg: We’re going to give more color on that next year, once few things get rolling. I think we’re in a phase. In the fourth quarter, we’re running some pilot studies. We’re doing a lot of trial design and consultation. I think next year as we go forward, you’ll hear a lot more on these studies. But right now it’s a little early to tell you anything.
Terrance H. Gregg: Well, as pointed out earlier, these guys were putting leverage this quarter as we didn’t add any bodies that are up 24% when comparing to the quarter before. I think we’re getting more leverage out of this group all the time particularly as we continue again to some more sensors. But I also don’t see it stopping or expansion either. There will be at some point in time, we’ll get to the right mix and more of the like would be done. But the time is not now, it’s certainly not next year and we probably don’t see it being through 2016. We think we can continue to grow. And internationally we use distributors everywhere. We’ve got a pretty small effective international step right now. There is investments to be made in that area as well.
Terrance H. Gregg: As we look at our spending and it’s a good question. We spend a whole bunch of years before, 2010 investing a whole bunch and trying to give product developed and product right. And what we’re doing right now to a large extent, even though we continue to spend on a product front. It’s now time for the commercial side of our business to catch up, not only you’re going to see continued investment in the sales force as we grow it. But we had become a marketing company due and there will be not only investing in sales. But you asked about the clinical studies. We’ve never run a clinical study other than the product approvals. We got to do things that support the value and again support our fundament beliefs as CGM is the most important technology in diabetes. And it’s the most important thing for anybody will take so independent diabetes to manage their condition. And so some of those studies we’re going to do, it’s different than what we’ve done before. We’ve done a best on things like than addition to salespeople. So as you look at where we grow our dollar spending wise, we will more than likely grow dollars as much of not more on the commercial side then we will be others over the next few years, while we get to kind of an equilibrium and then we’ll see where we are after that.
Terrance H. Gregg: I don’t think we have [indiscernible] answer that adequately to say absolutely and then comments that we have from the metrics are overall we haven’t dug down into see which patients are using the sensors more frequently and naïve patients are muted Gen4 versus SEVEN PLUS upgrade. We don’t have that data.Raj Denhoy – Jefferies & Co.: Okay, thank you.
Terrance H. Gregg: No I can’t give any more specifics other than we talked previously about talk about this Tandem and Animas remember the moving from 510K environment to a PMA environment and the level of systems testing required of a PMA company versus a 510K is substantially greater. So there is just a lot of work to do and I think both unanimous previously and December on tandem probably under estimates the magnitude of the work that has to be done in order to complete an adequate PMA to submit to the FDA. So I can go to the specifics of the detail that has to be embraced let’s just say they are very attentive and we were hopped on, on everywhere we can to get to the following deficit as possible.
Terrance H. Gregg: Well, I think there is a tremendous opportunity for G4 and professional use physicians enjoy the opportunity to put patients on the sensor we have the opportunity to do it either on a blinded or unblinded manner we prefer unblinded I think the majority of and College of Physicians today use the unblinded way as a preference because that allows both the physician and the patient to experience the levels of glycemic variability and a get better understanding and I would remind physicians who want to have such control that they only see their patients at best four times a year. And so the patient has left to be responsible for their own diabetes the 361 days here if they don’t see a physician and so it’s better to have more information than less information with the health and education from the healthcare professional but having that technology available to them will enable them to get more patients start who may in fact be hesitant to go on CGM and this is kind of causes crossing the cross threshold and realize how valuable the information as they migrate into their own personal system.
Terrance H. Gregg: Thank you and thanks for joining us. Obviously, this was as I think one of you maybe Bill Plovanic allow. We agree Bill love. So we’ve been everything we said we were going to do and then some. This technology is the most exquisite and the management team is the best that I’ve ever been associated with and I my last team was pretty good. We know we are being chased by others who want to be the lead doc because if you are not the lead doc the view never changes well those who chase us should perdue or flatten my accuracy for example we’ve already said our sights and are busily engaged in therapeutic accuracy followed by reduced or factory calibrated sensors. So to the $350 million people with diabetes today help is on the way and it will have a DexCom label. Thank you.
Kevin Sayer: That’s exactly what they are Tom, we’ve gone through a very detailed process of analyzing our demographics and where are current sales are coming from where physicians and patients are located based on the [indiscernible] reports and everything and we’ve again divided the country backup and added 20 more reps.
Kevin Sayer: It only took us three weeks to launch Gen4 Platinum last time we will get the thing out as absolutely quickly as possible.
Kevin Sayer: I’m not looking at your numbers. But what we’re seeing is our durable revenues went up, and our sensor revenues went up faster. So utilization and retention are doing very well for us right now.
Kevin Sayer: I’m not sure that you’re that high though, I think again we have imperfect data, we share data with a lot of independent distributors and while they give us tracings. We’re still consolidating as best we can. What we reviewed earlier this week we sat down and went through all the data that we could come up with. We see patients using more sensors, one category that really struck me and Terry is there appeared to be a much higher number of patients for example who are purchasing enough sensors to wear a new sensor every seven days. And if patients are wearing a new sensor every seven days, you can do the economics for that model that’s a very, very strong piece of evidence for us and as we have stratified our user base from those who use very few sensors to those who don’t even who buy the first kit and then don’t buy anything else. What our goal all along was is to move everybody up the food chain to get everybody utilizing more sensors and that’s what’s happening everybody is moving up a notch and purchasing more. So this product is being utilized very regularly by the patients who have it and even our distributors had confirmed for us, because these guys they live to sell diabetes supplies, they are call centers, they track every to every call they make, every purchase made, our distributors have come back to us and told us the retention rate on this product is fabulous. So we’re not just coming up with that with our own numbers. We’re coming up that with our large distributors I verified that fact as well.
Kevin Sayer: Yeah, I can tell you upgrades are down. We added more new patients in this quarter than any quarter we’ve ever had. We’ve swapped out almost all of the SEVEN PLUS patient base at this point in time that is active, so upgrades as a percentage came down this quarter versus going up, this is a quarter of new patient growth more than upgrades.
Kevin Sayer: Yeah. They’ll all take a crack at it, I’m sure Terry can add we’ve been through this exercise before and we want to grow that top line as fast as we can. That will require significant investment on both the commercial side of the business and then our product pipeline. That being said we’ve been at this for a long time. It’s time to make some money. So we will manage our top line growth and work to manage our bottom line as well and try and keep a balance. And ultimately over the next few years we’d expect our bottom-line to grow faster than the top line. But we will never ignore the reinvestment back into that business. We need to garner as much market share as we possibly can, over the next two year to three year period and get as many people on CGM as we can support within our system. So it will be balancing act but we are getting down to the bottom-line. Once we get here I don’t’ think there is a lot of turn back.
Kevin Sayer: And that’s a very complex question with the G4 PLATINUM and I can give you one variable, when we launched G4 system one of the things that we get us we warranted the transmitter for six months building in an estimated shelf life, and then selling to approximately to distributor where there be another month shelf life and then to a patients. So we’ve given a six months guaranty. The translators we shift last October by larger still working. And so we haven’t been enable to predict when the translator sales are going to come back and we were thinking originally we get two transmitters a year, our products works too well, good for the patient, little tough for us to model. I think over time then on the hardware cycle, it probably won’t be every year with the receiver maybe SEVEN PLUS, because I think this hardware will become more realizable. On the flip side of that, we’ve got a lot of hardware innovation coming like the share system that we will launch again as soon as to prove that’s more hardware sales. I don’t know what that does to receiver and the transmitter revenues, but it could have a very positive impact and that’s we look out over time with another transmitter when we talk to a phone or additional improvements we have our hardware cycle may become little more traditional based on multiple product launches versus waiting three years for a new system. So for now our percentage we win 30% last quarter durable, creeping down closer towards 25 this quarter with huge sensor sale increases or just kind of play it by year.
Kevin Sayer: It’s little early to talk in, but we’ve been committed to 35% and 40% growth for next year for long-time here and we knew this product was coming. So it’s not like we’re completely got and aware, driving our growth next year obviously PEDs indication it’s going to be very helpful. We believe our share system combined with the PEDs indication gives parents on opportunity to monitor their children life long and even when they go to school, when they take it with them. It will also be based on our market research use very extensively with spouses and other that will help drive revenue and combined that with possibly in J&J launch. We have a lot things in our favor that are good, good growth drivers for next year. Bottom line as we look to start next year, with this patient based buying a lot more sensors, we’ve got a pretty good start.Kim W. Gailun – JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah, okay. And then just the follow-up on the gross margin, which was obviously also very strong in the quarter, was there anything onetime in there or is that kind of the level with the mix of business you’re seeing the that kind of level we should expect to grow offer going-forward.
Kevin Sayer: There were no one-time advance in there that had a material effect on margins. we’ve little one-time things every quarter. We’ve often set our margin target for our sensors within the 70% to 75% range in this. As you guys do the math and figure out hardware versus sensor sales does not too hard to reduced that we’ve got there. So again, we’ve achieved what we set we’re going to due primary margin perspective and we look to go forward from here.Kim W. Gailun – JPMorgan Securities LLC:  Okay, it’s great. Thanks guys.
Kevin Sayer: Yeah, we’ve actually got fortune, I have screen shots that have been sent to me from patients showing the highly inaccurate in light sensor and direct screen shot with their own meter and our sensor and it’s alarming and I don’t mean that as a tongue and cheek tone, but the reports are the excessive alarms are remarkable. Yeah, we’ve seen about that. And I think that’s in my comments are attributed to that type of information. The blogs are already populated with this thing as I’m working way Medtronic and IP net. And I think that’s disservice to the artificial bankers consortium they tries to get this out and pursue this. Like I said, I think we’ve taken those of our sort of active in the AP world and suddenly learn 17 projects around the world, I think this over hyping by Medtronic is going to blow back on them, number one and I think number two its going to cause AP projects and patient efficacy groups to take us back in the lockout, where we come we’ve spend all of this money the patient efficacy groups like JDRF and others I think there is a question in everybody’s mind that this is the best we can do this is certainly dismal in my opinion.
Kevin Sayer: Ted, so just to be clear then so in the current quarter – in the third quarter you really didn’t have much in terms of incremental six months transmitter type revenues.
Kevin Sayer: I can go ahead what they’re marketing it commercially on a limited basis in Europe and they appear as we hear comments in their calls in such to be very bullish on the product and we didn’t have much on the revenue side there. So it all appears to be going well.
Kevin Sayer: Yes. As far as we can tell we have to Mike [indiscernible] certainly has that as a key growth driver in his comments and I know they committed a lot of resources to launch the product in the European sector in a very limited way the goal is not only from the accuracy that which is exclusive, we are down laboratory reference accuracy with the sensor technology. But there is other factor that they believe is important and that is changing behavior in the ICU to allow to be more functional by the nursing staff and the ICU staff and that’s what they’re trying to look at behavior modifications or the intensive anesthesiologist and how stacking and how they use it in an effective way, because it is quite a change for the behavior in that environment.
Kevin Sayer: This is a conservatism against the Medtronic launch this is just a look at our business and where we are and what we would anticipate for the fourth quarter. We typically in the past have never upgraded our year-end guidance in the fourth quarter and we’re going to stick with that policy because we do upgrade it specifically then we end up changing that year-end guidance and we don’t feel the need to do that, we feel we’ve given you enough of a frame and enough information to figure out where we think our numbers will be in that’s where we are.
Kevin Sayer: I see that just being it’s a bouncing act and we’ve got some great people here to manage it, and you know Jerry and I have bee through this a few times before as I have many of the people on this team and we any project we take on, we look at the payback, we look at the return, and we sometimes learned to say no. We do.
