Jereme Sylvain: Thanks, Jeff. Yes, I appreciate that. This is Jereme. So to your question on coverage, we're still in the throes of the commercial DME and the Medicare coverage. We talked about on G7 taking about 90 days. But on the pharmacy side, we're actually a little bit ahead of schedule. Kevin referenced, we're well on track to the point where I talked about, about a $30 million-ish hit in Q1 as a result of our bridge program. That number is more like $15 million now and that's because some of those pharmacy contracts are coming in earlier. So we are making great progress and we continue to get that every day. And the signs lead to more and more contracts coming over, maybe even ahead of schedule. In terms of the question then on competitive dynamics, maybe I can start and then Kevin will obviously have a few thoughts there. We had a record new patient start in Q4. If that gives you any context to we had another solid new patient quarter. So while we have seen competitive product out there, we continue to do very, very well with G6 to the point where we have seen incredible strength there. And that's, of course, on the heels of a G7 launch which as we referenced, is coming out here in the next coming days. Kevin, I don't know if you have anything else to add there.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Yes. Larry, so the $60 million number you're referencing would assume, say, everybody started on July 1 and they went through the end of the year. The reality is that some folks will start in July, some folks will start in December. And so really, the exit velocity is much higher than that on a run rate perspective. If you were to blend it, average it over the course of the year, you're really only getting 3 months of revenue contribution. And so you kind of do the math there and the exit rate is a little bit higher than I think what you're implying. So we are really, really bullish on it. But it is a recurring revenue business. So what we need to do is get those -- get that coverage out there, get the scripts in. And so, look, I understand the question. It's a big, big market with a big, big opportunity. We plan on playing in it and we plan on playing it in a big way. But obviously, we want to be prudent around guidance. And certainly, if things go better than that, then we'll always try to do so. We'll report back to everybody.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. So let me start on the base and then I can turn it over to Kevin from that perspective. And so the ramp in basal is going to be a bit interesting. We'll give you kind of the way we think about it. Think about it as -- I generally start with type 2 intensive and you think about that ramp and you think about coverage and how that takes place. And if the coverage takes place over a similar time, you'd expect a relatively similar ramp. Now, I'd caveat that by saying there's more awareness today. And hence, the Super Bowl commercial is a good opportunity for us to continue to raise that awareness. However, the place in which the basal patients cede is a wider swath of physicians. And so we don't have an exact crystal ball here. If you're using prior analogs, the best analog is type 2 intensive would be about the adoption rate. But I think as time moves on, we'll be able to give you a little bit more color. But that's kind of our best crystal ball. And then maybe, Kevin, if you want to give just some general thoughts about metabolic health and the opportunities there.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Thanks, Joanne. Appreciate that. And you start off with, obviously, the fourth quarter. We had a really strong gross margin. I think it's a demonstration of what's to come with what our teams can do when you give them time with a new product launch. So I think as you think about the year, the cadence for 2023, we do expect in the first half of the year margins to be a little bit lower. And that's because of, as Kevin referenced earlier, the bridge program. Certainly, that has an impact. But most importantly, it's the launch of G7. Volumes won't be at where they would have been, say, in a more mature launch and we'll still be going through some of those early manufacturing scrap and yield challenges we always see. But what we've proven time and time again is if you give our engineering and R&D team time with these lines, they continue to get yields better over time. And so our expectation is as we start to exit the year in 2023, we start to come closer back to that long-term guide of 65% gross margins. And there's nothing longer term structurally that we don't believe, especially as G7 gets to scale, that gets us back to those long-term guides that we've originally provided. So we'll continue to work towards that. Think about 2023 as the first half of the year as a little bit lower. As we ramp up those lines in the back half, you start to tackle some of that absorption of those fixed overheads.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Yes. I don't think we're at a point where we'd necessarily change our guidance. But let me take your question head on which is in isolation, what does this do? So certainly, what the bridging program, what this effectively means is we have contracts in place a little bit more ahead of when we ultimately expected. And so ASPs will be a little bit higher and that's as a result of most folks going through coverage as opposed to the bridging program. So that does a couple of things. Certainly, it does help revenue and it does help margin. That all being said, we're not changing guidance for the year. But I think what this does mean is, one, it's a great thing for patients who want to access the product. We talked about coverage being a key strategy. That's wonderful. It does help longer term for those margin profiles. And while I wouldn't necessarily guide you outside of our ranges, you are correct. It does help on revenue and gross margin on the full year. And the other question was how much for the full year. We expected a majority of it, almost all of the $20 million, $30 million, in the first quarter. We do expect a nominal amount in Q2. We haven't expected any of it beyond Q2. Really, a majority of your concern would be in Q1.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Yes. So I'll start with how we're thinking about Q1. And the way we've generally thought about Q1 is in terms of full year contribution, absent any sort of bridging program, to be a very similar contributor as a percentage of total year revenue in the first quarter. So that's total company, not just U.S. total company. And then, you add the bridging program and then you pull it down from there. And that's generally how we think about the quarter which is just an indication of continued strong new patient growth. Clearly, we'll be working through driving new patients and driving growth over the course of the year. In terms of the Super Bowl and then how to think about the Super Bowl and how that contributes, last time we did it, there were hundreds and hundreds of thousands of inbound leads. Not all of those obviously translated into patients but there was a lot of interest. One of the challenges, though, if you rewind the clock a couple of years, is there wasn't as much coverage there. And so I think what we're hoping this time around is, one, the awareness is the most important thing. And the awareness, as that gets out there, will be very, very helpful. But as coverage starts to come through and we have this bridging program in place, it's a real opportunity to take advantage of it. We're not ready to give exact patient numbers out there other than to say that the return on capital is a very strong investment. And so, you should expect we do that math before we sign up for this. And we wouldn't be doing if we didn't expect a return on investment that was commensurate with what you and we would expect.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. And just to kind of add to that one, Jayson, just to give you some context. We launched outside the U.S. with DexCom ONE and G7, call it, in the first couple of phases. But we have more phases to go. And so we're going to make the marketing push obviously with G7 in the U.S but there's also a second phase of G7 launchings outside the U.S. and a second and third phase of DexCom ONE outside the U.S. So sales and marketing is really where we want to put our investment and we'll get leverage elsewhere. But hopefully, that gives you kind of some context for how we're thinking about that spend in 2023.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. I can start there. You're 100% right. I mean, obviously, there's the levers to get the actual cost of the product and we've been very transparent about it. We want to get to basically $1 per day and a 10-day sensor or a $10 sensor. And then we want to go even beyond that. But that has always been kind of our public goal. Then, of course, as you move to a 15-day sensor, that cost is spread out over a longer period. So we have intentions over the long haul of doing all of that. Now the math, if you do that, would indicate there's some real opportunities in gross margin even beyond potential long-term guide. The one thing we want to be mindful of is we don't want to shortchange ourselves and other opportunities to either partner or otherwise over the long haul. So while the long-term guide remains intact, there are certainly levers and opportunities for us to do well there. And so I think you're hitting on all the right points. That all being said, we really hold to that long-term 65% gross margin. That's what we'll work to. And if there's other opportunities to get fill you in on some other things we're doing in the future, we'll certainly do so.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. Thanks for the question, Matt. Yes, we do. We've considered all of that when providing that guidance. I mean, when we think about all the competitive pressures and then we think about all the opportunities ahead of us, we consider all that in the guidance. And you are right, there is the potential out there, at least according to some of the commentary, that there could be some potential pressure out there. I would say that we've contemplated it. At the same time, we feel very confident in our product offering and what it ultimately does, how it integrates and the safety features that people rely on our product for the accuracy, the ease of use. So I think we feel very confident about it. But yes, we did contemplate that in our guide.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. So we'll talk about 2022 since we gave kind of a guide there which was around $200 million in the U.S. and around $50 million outside the U.S. And the full year of 2022 was generally in line with that. It was, I think, just south of $200 million in the U.S. and just south of $50 million outside the U.S. So basically right in line with that. So I think you can feel good about what guidance we gave there. Going forward, the expectation is in the G Series, that delta -- that price-volume delta starts to come down over time. What we would expect to see is -- and we're not going to give a specific number for 2023 since most of that migration is done but we will have to lap the 2022 migration. And then if there's drift, say, 75 say drifts to 80, you wouldn't expect material moves there. But those are all things we've contemplated in those figures. To your point and I think you're hitting out the way we model the business, we model the business as a G Series and a DexCom ONE. And I would suggest you do that going forward. And then to your point, DexCom ONE modeled as a percentage of total business will allow you to then understand the contributions to ASP there which is why it was important for us to give you our expectation of new patient starts in 2023 that 1/3 of them outside the U.S. will be on DexCom ONE. So I think the way you're thinking about the model is exactly the way we model it internally and that's the way I'd go about doing that for 2023 and beyond.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. It's a fair question. Let me just say, we're not necessarily going to give the playbook as to what countries we are going into. Now we have launched recently in Croatia, Romania and Greece for DexCom ONE. That is out there now. So hopefully, that gives you some context but we will be launching in more countries. But rather than give the playbook publicly, we'll let our commercial team execute that and give you that feedback. But just know, we will go into more countries. So hopefully, that gives you at least some context. We will go. In terms of the movement from DexCom ONE to the G7 form factor, we are absolutely going to be moving to that factor. It's going to take a little bit of time and the reason it's going to take a little bit of time is, as we get economies of scale on G6 which we have today across the existing user base as well as DexCom ONE as well as a lot of opportunity for new users on G7, we want to make sure we prioritize G7 and that form factor for those patients coming on to therapy on the G Series. Make no mistake, though, as soon as possible, right after that, we will be moving DexCom ONE to that G7 form factor. Stay tuned. We'll have some updates as the years progress on. But you're thinking about it the right way. We will move there in relatively short order.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. It's a good question. Look, I think the way to think about the ASP is it's really more about channel than it is about version. And so as you think about where folks and who folks -- who gets access, the general way to think about it is Medicare which is publicly out there, I think after the increase, it's around $250 a month. There's a delta there which goes to the distributor who ultimately fulfills that. So the net price to us is south of that. But ultimately, that would be our price in that range; that's publicly available. Generally, commercial DME is higher than that and pharmacy is lower than that number. And so that's the way to think about it. In terms of then how ASP moves over time, think about it less of generation of product and think about it more as where folks want to get their product. And so I think you're thinking about it the right way. As we talked about, 75% of our lives covered in commercial. 75% of those patients, those patients obviously then come through at a lower price point. If that drifts to, say, 80%, you could see that having a potential tick on there. Again, most of that is behind us but that's the way to think about the split there. And then in terms of pump partners and how folks ultimately access it, it really depends again consumer preference. You're right, Tandem is generally accessed through the DME and Insulet's generally access to the pharmacy. So it makes sense that folks get their CGMs through that channel. That all being said, it's ultimately consumer preference. And we believe the consumer experience through the pharmacy is great. We have some really great DME partners. They do a wonderful job fulfilling product through that DME channel. And so we believe that, that folks can be fulfilled either way.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Yes. I mean you're not far directionally off. I mean you are right, we do expect the Q1 contribution and really the sequential decline from Q4 into Q1 to be very similar to what you've seen in the past. And so that will help you get a little bit closer as you think about sequential decline as well from Q4 into Q1. That will put you into a ballpark. And then from there, you're right. We updated our number. It's about $15 million now as a result of the bridging program as opposed to the $20 million to $30 million. But that will get you in the ballpark. You're not far off but there's probably a little bit of tweaking to do around the edges there. But use that 21% contribution but think also 10% sequential. Those little rounding differences ultimately matter in there. Hopefully, that gives you the context you need though.
Kevin Sayer: No. I would tell you what we're also hearing is a great deal of excitement from our user base for G7. So with respect to your question regarding how our G6 users doing, they're very anxious to get G7 and very excited to go. So we're feeling good about where we are right now.
Kevin Sayer: No. As we look out to the future, Margaret, particularly with our easy-to-use G7 platform that we're launching today, we believe our future is very bright as we deal with metabolic health. We've changed our mission statement to help people control their health, not just diabetes anymore. We continue to see very positive results from several programs who are using sensors to assist people in these endeavors. And over time and particularly with type 2 management and all the type 2 drug alternatives on the horizon, we believe CGM becomes a very important part of that health equation. And we're continuing to work on product offerings and business models. So it will be differentiated from what we do today and geared towards that population. We're really excited about the opportunity. And it will continue to mature over 2023 and then we'll see what happens in 2024. We've got a lot of basal patients to reach first. So let's go after them and then we'll continue to move to the other areas as well.
Kevin Sayer: I will start off. With respect to the sales and the revenue numbers, G7 and DexCom ONE are still early enough in their launch life cycle that while they're additive, they're not what's driving a lot of the adoption, a lot of the growth that we've seen in European markets. A lot of that's been what we've established with G6, the additional coverage that we've obtained, as I talked about in the prepared remarks, in 18 months, we've added 3.5 million more reimbursed lives. That being said, initial response to G7 has been everything we'd hoped for. People love the app. They love the receiver. Again, in many of these markets, the receiver is a very, very strong tool. My most recent conversation with the G7 user focused completely around the 0.5-hour warm-up. A 0.5-hour warmup has eliminated 90 minutes of the longest 2 hours of somebody's life who ever used the G6. And certainly, in the comparative front compared to the hour warm-up, again, it is a much better experience. The majority of our G6 users are new to DexCom. They're not DexCom upgrade -- I mean G7 users, I apologize. The majority of our G7 users are new to DexCom. Some of them come from the competition. Some of them have not used CGM before but they're all finding it very easy to use and having great experiences. So we're very happy with the product to this point in time. We've done very well.
Kevin Sayer: Thanks for the question. It will be up to us to drive awareness in that community to make sure people are aware of that decision. There will certainly be those very familiar with DexCom and with continuous glucose monitoring will be aware of it and will pick it up quickly. But it will be up to us to drive awareness in both communities. the physicians and users of the product to go and ask for it and to create that environment. So we're not going to sit back and wait. We're going to have to push.
Kevin Sayer: Thanks, Jayson. This is Kevin. I'll take it, rather big picture. We'll continue to invest in R&D. Our spend will grow some but not as rapidly as it has in other years. And quite honestly, as a percentage of revenue, it's probably come down a little bit. Same with -- on the G&A side, we'll continue to invest in infrastructure and build things out for our continued growth. But a lot of that investing has been done. Our biggest dollar investment, our biggest increases are going to be on the commercial side and in all areas, create awareness in the sales force, marketing across the board, we'll be spending on the commercial side. Those expenditures will -- could adjust and move over the course of the year as we learn more. We've always been very adept at channeling those dollars where they can be the most effective. We're analyzing some of that now. We certainly have a plan but we've never been afraid to deviate from it if it makes more sense. And so we're looking at all those things. A lot of international investment this year, quite honestly, as a percentage of our investment. International is getting a bigger piece of it than they have in the past because we really look at these opportunities. We've got G7 and several of these companies combined with the DexCom launch and all those covered lives we've added. We think there's great growth opportunities over there but we've got to invest in that infrastructure.
Kevin Sayer: Yes. This is Kevin. I'll take that. Jereme gave us a bit of color earlier. 75% of our calls already by our U.S. sales force are in the PCP arena. And I think you'll continue to see that expand as our team spends more of their time addressing that marketplace, at the same time, not ignoring the places where we've been so successful in the past with the intensive management diabetes. So we will look at that structure in great detail. On a geographical basis, even within the U.S., there may be some places where we need to expand geographically versus large expansion across the entire country. We'll analyze that in great detail as we go. We're in the process of doing that now. We just brought on a new Chief Commercial Officer, as many of you will remember, in early January. And she's deep in the middle of that today as we manage those thoughts and the launch and everything else going on but we'll look at it very strongly.
Kevin Sayer: You bet. This is Kevin. I'll take it. Big picture, our cash pay program for G7 to start with is going to be our bridging program. And people will be able to pay cash for G7 that way. Ultimately, as we get access and coverage of G7, when people's co-pays will be significantly lower than the bridging program cost, we'll phase that out and have a cash pay program on G7 that individuals will be able to access. We continue our cash pay program on G6 but that is not a major portion of our revenues. It's just a piece of them. We do this to create access primarily where people's insurance doesn't cover it and they can't get access through the federal or the other governmental channels as well. It's not a huge percentage of our revenues. We need to continue to be cognizant of it and address those patients' needs. And that's why we have it there.
Kevin Sayer: This is Kevin. I'll take that bigger picture. Jereme has been very familiar with the numbers but I'll give you a bit of my perspective. With respect to no competition in the pump integration point, we may pick up more, we may not. What I do know is everybody using those pumps integrated systems right now uses a DexCom. And they're achieving remarkable results with the technology we've developed over the years and we'll continue to receive such. It is our position that the experience that they're going to have with algorithms based upon DexCom's CGM that have been developed through the data and the performance of our sensor will continue to make us the leader in that space regardless of who the competing sensor is. And so we're very confident there that we will continue to have a very strong product offering going forward. With respect to the margin change over the course of the year, there's a couple of factors in there. Obviously, Jereme has talked about the bridging program in the first half of the year bringing margins down a bit because the revenue per patient will be a bit lower there when we start. But as we see that pick up, we'll pick that up on the revenue side. Then you have basal come in and Medicare reimbursement is strong; so that will help on pricing. The flip side of that is it's sometimes lost on folks, everything we do with G7 is different. All these lines are completely different. All the capacity is different. But the only thing that's the same is we're building in Arizona and we're building it in San Diego. And that's not going to be the same for a good portion of the year because we expect the factory in Malaysia to be up and running in the second half and producing product there. So you have a number of variables with respect to scrap, with respect to purchasing components, with respect to how these lines run as we get them up and running and functioning at full speed versus where they are today and then bringing on a new factory. We have tried to contemplate every one of those variables as we've started and we'll update you as to how things are going as time goes on. But whenever you do a product launch, particularly when this significant because when we did our last big G6 product launch, we had similar margin activity but it was on a much smaller scale because we're so much bigger than we were before, there's just more variables that we have to plan for. We've tried to be conservative and thoughtful in our guidance based on the performance we expect of our teams. We also expect our teams to be better than this too. We don't ever lower the bar for them, as they will tell you. But we've looked at all -- every one of those things and contemplating that and we meet on this literally every day to make sure we're covering all of our bases. This launch is really important to us as are our margins. But it's really important to get product out to all the users that want it.
Kevin Sayer: Thank you very much and thanks, everybody, for joining us today. We spent a lot of time in our fourth quarter call talking about 2023. I want to just step back again and thank all of our great people here at this company for their hard work in a year where we delivered on our revenue targets, we controlled our costs. At the same time, we've advanced our technologies, our infrastructure and we've advanced coverage and accessibility for our product all over the world to enhance people's lives. But we are very excited for this launch. This is my fourth major launch here at DexCom. And every single time, it's taken our company to another level. The first time was G4 and that was when accuracy really came to bear. And we truly established what accuracy standard should be for CGM and we will remain the most accurate system in the world. G7 is going to be a better experience than G6. Every time we try to make the product easier to use and this is the biggest ease-of-use advancement we've ever had as we look at the responses from our users so far. And as always, we will make this product as accessible as we can. DexCom has always been the most accessible brand CGM as far as coverage and we will continue to do so. That's our commitment to drive that very hard for our end users. It is going to be a busy and great 2023. I am very confident we'll be sitting here a year from now and I'll be able to say the same things. Thanks, everybody and have a great day.
