Kevin Ronald Sayer: Thank you, Bianca, and welcome everybody to our first quarter 2016 earnings call. I'd like to turn the time over to Steve Pacelli for our Safe Harbor statement.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Thank you, Steve. Joining me today are Jess Roper, our Chief Financial Officer, and Steve Pacelli, our Executive Vice President of Strategy and Corporate Development. Sticking with our usual format, Steve will start with a detailed review of our 2016 first quarter financial results and I will follow with our customary operations update and offer some concluding thoughts before opening the line for questions. I'll now turn the call over to Steve.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: You know, Mike, this is so important in such a paradigm shift in diabetes care to have that replacement claim. We're okay going to panel and we will just prepare and be the absolute best that we can. And it's important that we learn exactly what we have to do because we do have to get this claim to get Medicare coverage. And as I've gone out in the field and met with physicians, question number one every time I walk in an office is when are you going to get Medicare? So, we need this labeling. So, we look forward to the opportunity and will take what comes, but we will be ready, rest assured. We will not lack for preparation here.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Let's start with – we can start with that one, that really hasn't impacted our G6 timing. We have continued to work on our G6 IDE. I can tell you the FDA is putting our IDE through a very rigorous process and standards are not getting easier, they are getting harder. And I think some of this, is in anticipation of the non-adjunctive claim that as they look at G6, they look at this, is this going to be a non-adjunctive sensor. And while we have multiple years of data on that G5 system with 505 Software, we don't have multiple years of data on a new sensor. So that trial is going to be very, very robust, that would be the first one. What were the other two, I'm sorry I...
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Oh, DIaMonD, yeah, I'll take that quick. We haven't seen the data yet. This is an independent study certainly and the results will be (26:32) we don't know. Honestly we do not know how this study is going to read yet, I believe the data will come in certainly a month or six weeks before the presentation so they will come in soon. Certainly our hope for the DIaMonD study was to show improved outcomes through the use of CGM in this patient population. And we anticipate there will be that, but we don't know what those outcomes are. This is a very independent group of diabetes thought leaders, who are going to tell us what happened and what they saw.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Ben, that's really a fascinating question and it's subject to debate all the time. Obviously, I can tell you one segment where this plays very well. There still are physicians who are not overly familiar with CGM, who don't recommend it regularly because they say you still have to stick your finger anyway. With this claim, we will be able to go to that group and say, look, recommend this for your patients, they don't have to take finger sticks before they make the treatment decision, this will be a very, very good outcome for us and we'll be able to get deeper and into more physicians. With respect to the rest of the community, I think it certainly sets us as a standard above everybody else, which we're already at out there anyway. So, it will give us an advantage that we'll continue to market and continue to push. And I think it will be helpful, there is certainly no downside here at all.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Danielle, that's a very good question. Our internal checks would indicate we haven't seen any attrition and one of our larger distributors was in last week had said, they see retention at an all time high. I would tell you in all candor I've taken a couple of frustrated patient calls because of wait times and I do that from time to time and in no case has somebody called me and said, I want to get rid of your product, I just want you to answer the phone and get on the line quicker and help me. So, we haven't seen that, but if we don't fix our – the things we're working on we would and that's why we're so committed to making the improvements and getting through these issues.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Danielle, this is such a paradigm shift, I think they truly want to make sure we have the public panel and everybody can digest the information. As we've gone through this process, it's not only the MARD, it's overall patient safety and as we talk about simulations, for example, we built thousands, hundreds of thousands of used cases, where if the CGM reads, X and the finger stick reads, Y and the finger stick is right, but the CGM is wrong, what could happen or vice-versa. And what they wanted to see is how we protect patients. And in all cases and all reality, the best way to protect your patient is with the CGM, because if they make a decision, even if the CGM for whatever reason is off and you know about our accuracy and reliability, the only way you know, you've made a bad decision is with an alert or alarm. And so, with our alerts and alarms and with our system, we believe that's much safer than the decisions patients make today with only finger sticks. So we've had to simulate and build those cases and make sure we have a very strong actual data platform to build this on. So, when you're going to make a change this big, I think what the FDA looked at and said with all caution, we need to make sure, we get this out on the public and we proceed down the proper path. The accuracy issue is fine, the other thing that we have to approve and support and again our 505 Software is the best ever found for this, is outliers. You really want to eliminate outliers sensors more than anything else. And our system does that and we need to show that it does. And so, all those things are being considered by them. And listen, we're going to comply.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: We're doing the best we can with those individual cases and on the judicial front. The legislative front is a little slow right now. We continue to work and try and get it through that channel. But we feel we've got to get the labeling when all said and done to get there. So, that's where we are right now.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Sure. I'll take that and I think you're absolutely correct, we are moving past – the early adopters are those who would wear a product and absolutely put up with anything we had to offer because it was so much better than what they've had had before. And we have to take more care to service those patients. So, I think from an attrition standpoint, I don't think we're going to lose them because all in all their experience has been remarkable. Again, I'll go back to parents. We run into parents who say, I ran into one the other day, we were just able to go out on our first date and watch our child while we were at dinner, send our kids off to college. This share feature and this connectivity is huge. The other thing has been huge in our kids population is the ability to look at this on your phone. There are many, many 11-year-olds around United States, who need to thank DexCom for getting a cell phone two years earlier than their parents were going to let them have one. Because kids are willing to look at their phone and to look at the insulin data there. So, I think the patient base there is going to be every bit as sticky as what we've had before. And the quality of the pipeline is very, very good because and as many of you have heard around the country, CGM is becoming the standard of care for type 1 diabetes. It is absolutely essential to be safe and to achieve the outcomes the patients need to achieve.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: We have not experienced that to date, but we manage and watch it closely, that has not been our experience so far.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: As far as anything unknown in future quarters, we don't. If we knew, we would have recruited, we don't know.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: And let me make through some – we haven't had any impact on the company's result of the recall. The impact we've had has been as a result of the G5 launch and that's not being ready for everything. We needed to be a little more ready and prepared from an infrastructure perspective. The recall and the patient notification did not impact our business or our sales, but it did impact our ability to serve our customers in the way we wanted to.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: We additionally dealt with it in that manner and notified patients to retest the speaker. Obviously the FDA had a different opinion. And I think what this tells you again is how important alerts and alarms are in the system and we continue to emphasize that as we look at future product offerings and we need to make sure we meet people's alerts and alarms perspectives, I mean their expectations there. So it really relates more than anything else to the importance of the alerts and the alarms and then patients can hear them.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: I'm sure they deal with it in phone calls they get from customers and dealing with it and discussing it with the physicians. They don't have to deal with the actual execution of this at all, no.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Look, we try and be ready for launch every time we get an approval and we try and be as ready as we possibly can, and we will behave in that manner. You saw with G5, we got approved and launched very shortly thereafter, same in Europe. Our Share receiver that we launched in 2015, we got approval on one week and were shipping it two weeks or three weeks later. That's our culture around here is to be prepared – as prepared for an approval as we possibly can. This is a little bit different kind of net, because we are going to panel and that approval maybe different than the typical approval we get from the agency. So we will prepare every bit as much as we can, but we need to make sure we do it prudently, we don't want to do things twice, we want to do it once.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: We are, with the G5 transmitter, yes. But again, getting through that as Jeff talked about earlier, we had some scrap and some yield issues, as we watch that product and built it out. Yeah we are through that right now.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Thank you very much. It continues to be a very interesting time here at DexCom, particularly as we start to merge the world with medical devices and consumer devices, as I talked earlier about us supporting tech services phone calls related consumer products. Another thing to know with respect to our speaker is, with the receiver, a lot of these receivers are very, very old and will drop multiple times. And so, we're even dealing without a warranty product as well, but we will get through that. But our G5 launch and everything going on here, even with our mistakes, everything has been going extremely well. And as we look forward, our product pipeline offers a feature set that is very much going to delight all of our current patients for years to come, but we're not going to stop there. We've been very upfront with our discussions around future markets, such as type 2 diabetes, gestational diabetes in the hospital. And as we begin to run small studies in those areas and talk with patients, the things we're hearing are remarkable. Let me give you a couple of quotes I've heard. I didn't know what diabetes really was. I had no idea how to titrate my meds, I wasn't even sure that they worked. No one has ever given me any feedback before I just stick my finger once every day and thought I was okay. Who knew? Exercise makes a really big difference. And my favorite one, do you have any idea how many patients in this hospital have diabetes? Our diabetes opportunity is enormous. The healthcare communities realizing that improved outcomes cannot be achieved without better real-time information. And our competitive environment consists of many large aggressive well-funded entities on one side and many startup technologies on the other, all focused on one thing, catching DexCom. Now, it's now the time for us to slowdown, but the time to increase our focus and execute our amazing plans. Thank you.
Steven Robert Pacelli: Great. Thanks, Kevin. Some of the statements that we will make in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements reflect management's intentions, belief, expectations and strategies about future events, operating plans and performance. All forward-looking statements included in this presentation are made as of the date hereof based on the information currently available to DexCom. The future events are subject to various risks and uncertainties and actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. The factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by any of these forward-looking statements are detailed in DexCom's quarterly report on Form 10-Q, for the period ended March 31, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and our other reports filed with the SEC. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statement after the date of this presentation or confirm this forward-looking statements to actual result. Additionally, we will discuss certain financial information that has not been prepared in accordance with GAAP with respect to our cash-based operating results. This non-GAAP information is provided to enhance your overall understanding of our current financial performance. The presentation of this additional information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results or superior to results prepared in accordance with GAAP. Kevin.
Steven Robert Pacelli: Thanks, Kevin. DexCom reported revenue of $116 million for the first quarter of 2016 compared to $73 million for the same quarter in 2015, a $43 million or 60% increase. Sequentially, revenue for Q1 was down approximately 11% from the prior quarter, which was expected as the first quarter is traditionally a seasonally slow quarter for our business. Our first quarter gross profit was $75 million, generating a gross margin of 65% compared to a gross profit of $47 million and a gross margin of 64% for the same quarter in the prior year. Our gross margin in Q1 was affected by several factors. Obviously gross margin was negatively impacted due to lower sales volumes in Q1 as a result of seasonality. Compared to Q1 of last year, our gross margin on hardware was impacted by sales of the G5 Mobile transmitter, which has a shorter useful life and therefore a lower ASP. And to a lesser extent, our gross margin was impacted by lower yields on our G5 Mobile transmitter, which is also expected with any new product launch. Finally, our gross margin was impacted by an increase in warranty expense. The impact of the increased warranty expense has crafted a lower yield, accounted for approximately 3 margin points in Q1 and absent these expenses, our gross margin would have been approximately 68% for the quarter. Kevin will provide some additional clarity momentarily. For the full year, we expect our gross margin to return to our normalized operating range of 67% to 70%. However, depending on ongoing remediation efforts surrounding our receiver recall, margins could be negatively impacted in future periods during the year. Some final thoughts on our revenues and our gross profits. Our mix between durable and consumable products shifted slightly in Q1, to approximately 28% in durable and 72% consumable. Sensor pricing has remained constant with the ASP for sensors within a range of $70 to $75 per sensor, and the ASP for our hardware has also remained stable. Finally, our international business continued to perform, generating $19 million in revenue during the quarter. Research and development expense totaled $32 million for Q1 of 2016, compared to $20 million in Q1 of 2015, with the increase due primarily to additional payroll related expenses and expenses related to work on our near-term product pipeline, particularly with respect to our next generation insertion system and work on our advanced product pipeline, including expenses associated with our Verily, partnership. Selling, general and administrative expense totaled $62 million in Q1 of 2016 compared to $39 million during the same quarter in 2015, with the increase due primarily to year-over-year increases in head count in our customer support organization as well as a ramp in marketing expenses in connection with our DTC awareness campaigns, investment in our OUS expansion efforts, and investment in our IT infrastructure. With respect to our operating expenses, I want to remind investors of a few key points. As we said during our fourth quarter call, we did not anticipate that Q1 cost would go down sequentially and our OpEx was up only approximately 5% from Q4 2015. Our non-cash expenses and taxes related to equity compensation, included in our operating results, were up $10 million year-over-year and $4 million sequentially, representing the bulk of our sequential OpEx increase. Our net loss for the first quarter of 2016 totaled $19 million, which included $28 million in non-cash expenses, centered primarily in non-cash share-based compensation expense across all functional areas of our business. Absent these non-cash charges, cash based net income was $9 million for Q1. Our loss per share for the quarter was $0.23. With respect to our balance sheet, we ended the first quarter with a $107 million in cash and marketable securities. Our Q1 revenue performance fell within our range of expectations, but consistent with past practices, we will stick with our current guidance of $540 million to $565 million in revenue for the year. However, also consistent with prior years, we will reevaluate our guidance during the Q2 earnings call and update as appropriate. Before I turn the call back over to Kevin, let me add some color around our OpEx spend during Q1 for the balance of 2016. As we mentioned during our last earnings call, we've indicated that we plan to spend up to $40 million this year on four key incremental strategic initiatives, including our Verily partnership, expanded manufacturing capacity, international expansion and investment in our advanced data platforms. Our outlook for these investments remains unchanged, but expenses on these projects will be choppy on a quarterly basis. For example, Q1 expenses on these initiatives were less than $10 million with the biggest spends on Verily product development and our international expansion. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Kevin for a business update.
Steven Robert Pacelli: Yeah, Mike this is Steve. We're not going to disclose that today but you're right we – frankly because there was so much information in this call. We didn't really have a specific update on pharmacy. We've continued to say it's progressing, going a little slower than we probably anticipated out of the gate. We'll certainly update you as we see more progress, but yeah, there's not a whole lot to talk about there today.
Steven Robert Pacelli: Yeah. I think it was – Ben, this is Steve. I think it was a typical Q1 progression, similar seasonality to prior years. I would say, one thing we're – we might be starting to see, it's a little early to tell is maybe a reduction in seasonality over time as we move more of the business to the pharmacy channel because they're less sensitive. Now those are certainly not – more attributable to sensor purchases as opposed to hardware purchases. But other than that, I mean it was a very typical Q1 for us.
Steven Robert Pacelli: Yeah. We've decided not to break that out. What we've said before is still holding true that we've always offered a low cost cash upgrade to the next generation platform and frankly very few patients take us up on it. So, what we're seeing is a transition from G4 to G5 as people's warranties expires and they're eligible for a new system, they're just processing it through insurance. So, kind of status quo there, but we're not aggressively pursuing an upgrade at this point and you should just assume over the next 12 months to 18 months that the vast majority of patients will transition.
Steven Robert Pacelli: It's the same sensor remember, that's – Mike, just real quick, one point I do want to make. Remember that from a sensor perspective, so 72% of our revenue in the quarter, the G4 and G5 sensor configuration is identical. So, you're really just talking about some hardware upgrade.
Steven Robert Pacelli: So, it's somewhat to be determined. I will tell you it's a multi prong strategy in the sense that, we haven't made the decision to immediately go for a national coverage decision, the more likely event is that we will target the individual max first and try to obtain coverage on a regional basis. And that can happen much more rapidly, the national coverage decision process can take a year or more. And so, my expectation – again, these plans are not solidified at this point, but my expectation is that we would probably do this in parallel, but you'd see us going after the max first, I don't want to try to guide you on specific timing as we just don't know yet.
Steven Robert Pacelli: Sure. The incremental cost we experienced this quarter was about two points due to warranty – extra warranty cost and about one margin point due to scrap that Kevin mentioned before.
Steven Robert Pacelli: It could be from – you're thinking about it the right way, it could be from an intelligent insulin pen that has either near-field or Bluetooth connectivity to a phone, it could come from one of the existing or potential or even future pump partners. Our belief is again, it's back to being able to aggregate the patient's data in a single place on the phone is going to be key to diabetes management going forward. And so, we're making this available to patients and really evaluating any partner who is willing to come and participate here as a meaningful partner.
Steven Robert Pacelli: Well, we certainly will have designed the app and the user guide and things of that nature. But as far as launching immediately, we're going to have to go print things and get a new app file and do a lot of stuff. It's not going to happen immediately, but we can prepare very rapidly for it after panel approval, but I can't give you a timeframe as to how quick after it's going to be (45:36).
Steven Robert Pacelli: Yeah, that's right and, Jeff, we mentioned we haven't seen the data yet. But yeah, this is really the – this is going to be the preliminary portion of the DIaMonD study, so don't expect anything, the full blown study results. But yeah, this is really to put to bed for once and for all that CGM versus traditional finger stick, there is no question that CGM provides bigger benefit. And we'll be able to take that message, we – one of the things we hear in the field is that there is not sufficient data to support the efficacy of CGM and this should put that to bed for physicians, for payers et cetera and then some of the other data that you're talking would come at a later date.
Steven Robert Pacelli: I think it depends on, really depends on reimbursement. Yeah, I mean if we get reimbursement, we mentioned that we're seeing positive signs in Germany, France and the UK if we were get all three of those even one or two of them this year that opens up a huge opportunity for patients, that we're operating today in a cash pay world. So if that happens – if two or three of them happen this year or even in the first half of next year, I believe will help continue to accelerate European growth.
Steven Robert Pacelli: I don't have great numbers for you on total patient opportunity, but we're pushing close to 25 states now, with Medicaid coverage. We obviously know it's without specifically quantifying it, we know that in the ObamaCare regime, the number of eligible patients for Medicaid in the various states have gone up pretty significantly. So, it is an important opportunity for us. We'll continue, we have to admit it like the private payers, have to go state-by-state to negotiate and knock-off coverage. So, we're as focused on that as we are on the private payers and on Medicare.
