Jereme Sylvain: No, I think the only thing I'd say is, really across the board, all the major countries we're in where there's reimbursement, we're taking share. And it's a common theme you're really seeing in our portfolio approach really allows us to do that. So wonderful quarter. And thank you for the question.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure, Robbie. Thanks. This is Jereme, I can take that. You're right, we did raise guidance and it really comes off of the strength you're seeing outside the U.S as well as some of the coverage and access wins we've had in the U.S. Of course, all of it buoyed in the background by the launch of G7, which as you know, most accurate sensor and one that we're really happy about. If you think about kind of geography wise, think about it, the first half of the year to a little bit reflect the second half of the year. And that's how the split would work, which I think you'll see that and as you kind of think about what that means, we have a little bit of a more challenging comp in the U.S in the back half of the year, at least related to the second quarter. So we've contemplated that. And we've also contemplated outside of the U.S continuing to do well. But just being mindful the fact that growing at a faster clip than we have in recent quarters, but being mindful about growing into markets as we're expanding. If you think about where it's coming from, what the driver is in the U.S around, basal, certainly some of it is there. While we're not just like giving a number around basal, basal is really now started to with the coverage we've been able to obtain. It's really starting to fold into the core business, but you can assume basal is there. And then you may ask the question, well, gee, there's -- is there opportunity? Look, we provided the guidance as what is that base case. We've increased our confidence in that base case, I think you can see that. And then of course, we'll look to outperform as time moves on.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure, Jeff. I think what I would say is in the U.S in the quarter, a relatively nominal contribution from basal in Q2. While we did have quite a few -- quite a robust patient add quarter and this all too well with coverage really kicking in April, starting with the DME channel. It takes 3 to 4 weeks to get access to product. And so ultimately the contribution start to build over the course of the year. So yes, there was contribution in the quarter, yes, it did help. But a lot of it was driven just by taking share in existing markets. And so we're really proud of that. In terms of France, our expectation is we have G7 out in France. We're launching Dexcom ONE in France here in the near future. We expect to have a very robust coverage model. I won't speak specifically [ph] there because we are going through that process. But we do expect broad coverage to compete with that of our competitor. And I think what we're proving is in markets where we have coverage, and you've seen in our international growth over the past nine quarters taking share, we expect to do quite well and take our fair share in that country once we go live.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes, sure. Larry, there's nothing that gives us pause about the back half of the year. I'll start with that. I think if we come into this quarter, record quarter and new patients, we have no lack of confidence in saying that. And so we do expect a good back half of the year. We raised the guidance at the midpoint by a little over $65 million. So I know you're kind of inferring at the top and doing the work there. Look, there's nothing that gets in the way. What we've done is we derisked the base case. You see we've done that where now the base case is 20% to 22% growth, a record patient growth quarter and in Q2, obviously bullish in the back half of the year. But again, basal is new. So we're just being prudent in how we go about that and making sure we provide that base case. Of course, if we can do better, we will do so and we will certainly pass it along to you. In terms of cadence and seasonality, I think our expectation is at least Q3 looks to operate in a similar seasonality as to last year. At least that's how we're looking at it now globally. So think about it that way on a global basis. And I would expect that to play out -- really expect that to play out for the balance of the year, relatively similar seasonality to the past 2 years.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. And just to help you with the -- just to kind of triangulate some of our prior comments. We talked about a third of our new patient starts coming from Dexcom ONE. And that that's building business over the course of the year. So if that's a third of the new starts, and it's a building business over the course of the year, Joanne, you can probably then presume where most of the new patient starts come from, they come from the G series. And we don't necessarily distinguish between the two. We obviously know what the numbers are. The point is, is it's a series in a platform. And so a majority of the growth does come from that G series just based on what we've historically said and nothing's changed since that.
Jereme Sylvain: Hey, thanks, Matt. Thanks for the question. And I'll start with the second one first, and we can circle back. No, no significant stalking anything along those lines. This is really driven by robust patient growth. And so I think it's just taking share, deriving access and ultimately entering into these markets. In terms of your first question around promotional activities, we always look at what works. We use various versions of mixed marketing, mixed sales models to ultimately determine the effectiveness, and the return on investment of those and then how the response curves work. And Terry and the commercial leadership team, they do a wonderful job assessing that spend, looking at what makes in and then pivoting as needed. And so what you can expect to see is, there will always be mixes over time, but they will change. And so we'll have campaigns, they'll change, they'll change based on what works best and we'll continue to learn from those. And so I would expect to see continued promotional materials. I'll continue to see demonstrating why we think Dexcom is the right product for folks and making sure that they know that we are the right product for them. And so I think you are seeing good feedback, we are seeing great returns. I mean, at the end of the day, what you see is record new patient quarters. And you see that in our acceleration of growth in the quarter. So that's what we'll continue to do. That's what will invest. I don't know, Kevin, any other thoughts on promotional materials.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. So, Travis, it's interesting. So we're not going to give a specific number on basal anymore, just because it's now really folded into our business. There was a time when we said, hey, look, we have CMS coverage and we don't expect Medicare Advantage to come that fast, or we think commercial is going to take a little bit longer. And it's happened much, much faster. So now it's just really part of our core business. To your question, though, is it greater than 1.5%? Absolutely. It's part of the reason we raised the guidance. It's part of the performance in the quarter. And so you'd expect it to be higher than that. The way I would think about it is just now about any other patient really population where you ultimately want to analyze it, you'll think about attrition. So far we -- there's been no differences in terms of attrition from the basal population that started today to our core population. And I think you start to annualize that exit rate and that's the way I'd apply it and going forward. And then of course, new ads. So I think you're thinking about it the right way, Travis and then in terms of is it greater than 1.5%? Yes, it is.
Jereme Sylvain: We’ve been pretty clear about our share position. If we haven’t been, let me reiterate it again. In all major geographies that are reimbursed, we’ve been gaining share and we gain share across most all of them this quarter. So we are doing very well. G7 has been accepted the way we wanted to. The majority of our G7 users are new users to Dexcom. We’ve seen greater increased awareness in the physician community now that they have this product with its simplicity combined with it being the best performing product on the market. So we're very clear there. Our pricing trends, you can see our margins remain strong. And our pricing is where we want it to be across channels. We're -- we've been pretty clear on all those things and there's really no other changes to report.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. So --and thank you for the question. In terms of those 8,000 prescribing physicians, those are really predominantly primary care physicians. And many of them were already writing CGM in the past. And so you can probably surmise that change is obviously what we think is taking share. And that's quite frankly, what we're seeing. And so those are folks that are seeing G7. They're seeing the ease of use. They're seeing the expanded coverage that we've worked on for years and years and years and that really we've led. And so that's really driven a lot of that change. Outside the U.S., and Jake alluded, or Kevin alluded to it and Jake tracks this all the time. Over half of the patients start still remain new to CGM and a good chunk of those are switchers. They're not new to -- I say new to Dexcom, not necessarily new to CGM. And so as you see that and you see a good chunk of folks saying, well, wow, this is the product we've been waiting for. We do believe we're doing incredibly well in those international markets, both in patients that are new to CGM in all candor, but also those that have decided to make the switch. And so we're really excited about the growth. I mean, I think you can see we've been really excited about G7 for years. And I think the market feedback is following that same excitement.
Jereme Sylvain: In price wise and most -- and Marie price wise in those things, there's a time in place, we'll ultimately talk about that. Today, probably not the best time obviously, it's information. We want to keep a little bit close to our vest until it gets a little closer to launch date. But very -- when I say we're very excited about it, it is an incredible exciting time around here at Dexcom.
Jereme Sylvain: The access strategy is an ever evolving one. And that's why we have our product portfolio. Our portfolio approach that we've adopted, there are some geographies where Dexcom ONE will absolutely be the product. We go after that basal population with other geographies where quite candidly. If they're reimbursed adequately, we can use the G series and we break it down market by market. In some countries, it's literally state by state and region by region, where we select the right product within our portfolio to offer and gain the access and coverage that we need. We believe we have the products that we need to go do that. And we've talked a bit about this, but the Dexcom ONE platform is soon going to be -- soon going to be Dexcom ONE zooming to be on the G7 platform into next year. And when that happens, that is going to be just another step forward for us. And as we look to the future, as we extend life of our sensors, and things like that, as we talked about, in our Investor Day, we'll just have more and more opportunities internationally. So we have the portfolio to go attack those things. We still have to go through the process of filling out paperwork, making bids, meeting with the proper people and building that access team out over time. And that's infrastructure. We built from the ground up and we've been building over the past several years. And one of the things I'd say to that is remember, outside the U.S a lot of the products are available. OTC you don't really necessarily need to go get a script, now you might go to a pharmacy to pick it up. The script is required for reimbursement. And so as you think about some of these products that are coming out that are really targeted that you can already use them. And so there are ways we can work around that with the right form factor, with the right product. And as Kevin has alluded to, we think we've got the portfolio, the products, the software, the ways to iterate on that to be very effective in those markets.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes, sure. I'll take that one. So yes, it primarily, an initial launch, it's going to be cash pay. We do feel though, we're targeting this, this segment of customer. There's 25 million people in the U.S who fit in to this category of with type 2 diabetes that are on insulin, so we feel a real opportunity to provide them with better outcomes. And we do feel that this product is specifically designed for this group can produce an outcome that a payer will pay for over time. But we got to generate that evidence in that population. We're starting to see evidence of CGM in that population and the benefits that can provide we feel like this custom tailored product is going to do a great job at delivering the outcomes that we're going to need. So it's going to take a little time. But we do feel that this is a place that ultimately will be reimbursed.
Kevin Sayer: Joanne, this is Kevin. We don't break those numbers out. But our growth comes from all of the above. Certainly Dexcom has once benefactor in those countries where we've launched it, but we haven't launched it in all of our international geographies yet. Our launch, as Jereme said earlier, we're about to launch in France. We just announced we're kicking off in Latin America here in Q3. And we've launched in a few other geographies, those geographies it's doing well. G7 has been a strong contributor, particularly in the U.K and Germany, where those launches are more mature. And our pump partners, particularly as automated in some delivery reimbursement has broadened in some of the geographies. That's helped us tremendously. Our direct efforts in Australia where we acquired our distributor that distributors performed extremely well and they've taken good share in the Australian New Zealand markets, in addition to that. So I mean, it's a blend of, of all the factors we talked about on the call.
Kevin Sayer: So I just think our promotional materials continue to evolve. And you'll see those evolve over the course of the year as we have more to offer, and we direct that message more towards different markets. I think our commercial efforts have been very successful. But in all fairness, we're looking at everything really with a very close eye right now as we plan for next year and the year after that. It's not just -- not just a one quarter shot for us.
Kevin Sayer: Margaret, this is Kevin. I'll take it to start. And if the other guys have more to add, they can. I think as I've travelled about and spoken with physicians and stuff, we've learned a lot about basal, just launching. Just the journey of a basal patient, they've been on other meds for quite some time and that step to call on insulin is a big step. And it's a step that they've in many cases been afraid of for a long time. So providing this group with information necessary to truly manage their condition and to see that they're getting the right dose to see that what behaviors they need to use, to try not advance their type 2 diabetes is fast, we think there is a tremendous market here. And I think the reception and all fairness has probably been even warmer than I thought it was going to be, just as I've gone and spoken with people. We're also at a different point in time as far as CJM adoption and CGM awareness in general, as CGM is much more accepted than it was when we launched in other markets. Even from a distribution perspective, when we got Medicare approval the first time, I don't want to take you all back, but a Medicare patient couldn't use the phone app. When we got Medicare approval back in 2017, if they did, we had to give all the money back to CMS, we couldn't even get distributors to take our business. So that environment is all much, much more positive than has been before. The flip side of this is, it's new, there are a lot of them and there are still education to do and quite candidly, we're with a different physician group, because these people are usually primary care. While we've done everything we can or we think we've done a good job expanding into that market, we know there's more work to do there as well. So we're cautiously optimistic. We've seen great results so far. We've heard great things from the patients who use it. But it's just going to have to build over time. We considered all these things as we've looked at that market.
Kevin Sayer: Yes, this is Kevin. The challenges we're encountering and challenges we anticipated. The biggest challenge always is particularly in the Medicare environment is document -- getting the documents and getting to the proper distribution channel to serve these patients, because they pretty much all go through those who are not in Medicare, manage, go through the DME channel. And so document gathering, particularly in a PCP office where they don't see all people with diabetes all the time and the use of these documents is the biggest channel, but we anticipated that. And we've worked very closely with our distributors to streamline that process as best we can. They've done a very good job, helping us get our product out and help us continue to grow. As we talked earlier, our biggest Medicare new patient headquarter ever those folks all went through distributors. So that's a good metric for us, and shows that they're doing very well. I think it's been pretty much as planned. And we don't have a specific PCP sales force. Our reps have geographic territories, and they call on both specialty diabetes clinics and primary care physicians. So they truly have a business to run in their individual territories. And certainly we know who they call on, and where they spend the majority of their time, but it's their job to drive that business and bring those offices along. They do a really good job of that.
Kevin Sayer: I think there was one -- you asked the question on type 1s, and we find them in the PCP offices. And the answer is yes, we do. We do and we find them as we go deeper and deeper into the primary care offices, we do find type 1s. Some of whom are not on CGM or in PCP offices where maybe CGM is a little bit less prescribed. And so there are opportunities there in those spaces to continue to drive awareness beyond Of course, the typical endocrinologist space.
Kevin Sayer: Yes, thanks for the question. Yes. So it's important to note, right, that product is a 15-day product or non-insulin product. And we have completed a clinical study on the G7 platform, showing survivability out to 15 days with great performance. We met the ICG M criteria in that study. And so that study is going to be used for the submission of that product. So that's why we're confident in our ability to say we're going to launch that product next year.
Kevin Sayer: It certainly has been a driver of share gains in the U.S because we're, again, our focus is on that customer. And as we go for the lowest cost per customer, that's what we do, we do everything we can to keep that co-pay down. In some cases, it depends on the payer, the insurance company what the arrangement is, but we also are able to maintain a premium price due to the strength of our product and due to the fact that it provides such great outcomes and such good retention. Our retention rates are better than they've ever been as far as people saying our product and using it, and we know when people stay on the product, they're healthier. There's clinical data coming over the next several months from studies. This going to show that that extended use of CGM over time leads to just much better extended health. So you combine all those factors, the fact that patients stay in our product, the fact that it produces great outcomes, the fact that those outcomes are documented. We can go and command a lower co-pay. And we can go really position ourselves to do well. Now because of that you have to go through again, the access games or the access infrastructure that various payers play. One of our key initiatives right now is working on pre-authorizations into it, we have to keep those to make sure those are electronic to take that burden off the heads of the physicians' offices who prescribe our product, that's probably our biggest hurdle as far as ease of reimbursement right now. But we're working to do that as well. And we have very aggressive goals on that front over the next year. But the product and reputation and outcomes of Dexcom when able to do enable us to do that. One of the things we've talked about over the years is our strategy was to look at ways to get covered products make the easier burden longer term, I mean, think about people impacted by diabetes, there's already a significant burden on those individuals. And now you add in a large co-pay, that's a challenging things we've really worked on coverage. It's something we've known is out there, and it's something we worked on, and you're seeing it play through where us working very hard on coverage relative to that of perhaps our competitor has really driven us to be in a position where we can help patients better, longer term, because this is a long-term challenge. We want to be there throughout that.
Kevin Sayer: Again, thanks, everybody, for participating on our call today. Just in wrapping up, I want to acknowledge all the great efforts here at our company, our commercial team around the world has had an incredibly successful G7 launch, not only in getting product out the door, but driving access, make it available, everything that we've asked them to do, we've done faster than we planned. And we're just very appreciative that our operations team has not missed a beat from supply chain and microchips and G6 manufacturing in addition to G7 along the way, our engineering team, this product is performed the way we wanted it to. It's done very, very well. They continue to work on making it better. We talked earlier about our app performance software is not just an add on, it is difficult. And those five upgrades of the app in this quarter. Seamless and delivering people better features every time. You can go through the entire organization , even the bond Offering this quarter. Kudos for that team. It is a great time to be here. And as I said earlier, in my prepared remarks, we're just getting started. And that's how we feel about things. So thanks, everybody for participating on our call today and we look forward to talking to you again soon.
