Steven Pacelli: Thanks, Quentin. Our great results in the third quarter are a validation of our strategic efforts and we remain well-positioned to take advantage of our long-term growth opportunity. As some of you may have seen at September's EASD Conference in Barcelona, the full three-year results of our COMISAIR Study showed that DexCom CGM when paired with either insulin pumps or pens drove an average increase of more than 20% to time and range. That is nearly 5 hours per day of improved glycemic control another clear validation of DexCom CGM as the first line defense for people with diabetes and that CGM connected devices are here to stay. Our Insulin Delivery Partners continue to make progress on CGM enabled integrated systems. As Kevin mentioned, with the pending approval and launch of Control-IQ we are thrilled to be bringing our first advanced hybrid closed loop technology to market and commending them on their progress to date and their dedication to bring this best in class platform to reality. DexCom is proud to provide the enabling CGM and AP algorithm technology for this platform. Together, these tools help to keep the system in closed loop mode 92% of the time during the pivotal study. Similarly, Eli Lilly, Novo Nordisk and Companion Medical are all making progress in their efforts to commercialize connected smart pens. We are seeing more and more interest from additional insulin delivery companies that recognize the value of connectivity to CGM and we will continue to be the demonstrated leader in these efforts. As we expand the rollout of G6, we are simultaneously taking steps to prepare the way for G7 which we still plan to launch on a limited basis in later 2020 and more broadly in 2021. We intend to be very thoughtful on the rollout of G7 as we scale the infrastructure necessary to support the anticipated demand for this exciting new platform. On our previous call, we announced the FDA submission of our G6 Pro product and we were pleased to announce its approval in early October. This is another strong example of the streamline review process enabled by our ICGM designation, giving us the opportunity to quickly iterate products to serve the knees of different customer segments. The G6 Pro represents the first disposable professional CGM product that is indicated for either blinded or unblinded real-time use. In blinded mode, the product is available for all people ages 2 and up. In unblinded mode, G6 Pro is indication for all people with diabetes ages 2 and up. Both options provide valuable insights into the impact of activity, food choices, medications and other factors on peoples' glucose levels. It also provides clinicians a wonderful tool to introduce their patients to real-time CGM and to adjust or optimize treatment based on observable patterns and time and range. We've spoken at length this year about our efforts to improve access for our patients, whether advocating for coverage for type II intensive patients, pushing for ways to reduce the upfront cost to our patients, [indiscernible] for the removal of administrative hurdles for patients' to start on CGM. As you can see from various public and private data sources, we are making good progress with the long time transition of the U.S. business to the pharmacy channel. As we've noted previously, this is a complex task. We have long-standing relationships with our DME distributors and many of our patients have grown accustomed to their process though the DME channel. With these challenges noted, our field team is doing solid work and we look forward to continued expansion through the pharmacy channel. Specific to formulary placement, we don't plan to comment on every contract win as this is a normal part of our business operations. What we will say, as many of you have likely seen, is that we have good momentum here in our efforts. The value of DexCom's CGM speaks for itself and payers and PBMs continue to demonstrate their understanding of what our product brings to the customer. With that, I will pass it back to Kevin.
Steven Pacelli: I think, Margaret, the only thing I would add is, it's a combination of both, right. I mean patients continue to become more and more aware of the technology and find their way to the device and clearly our commercial team continues to do just an outstanding job of up-creating opportunities as well. So it's a bit of both and the new patient additions continue to outpace overall revenue growth. So it's a strong indicator of where the business is heading.
Steven Pacelli: I'll just add one other thing. We have an opportunity with G7 to reset the bar as to how we are going to interact with patients and what distribution and reimbursement channels will pursue. Everything we're doing with G6 is positioning us to put G7 its most accessible light to make sure patients can get right to it. Again our Walgreens announcement with the Medicare patients to whereby Medicare patients will be able to go to Walgreens and get their monthly supplies rather than calling us and being on the phone with us or our distributors is a major win. I was on the phone with a physician just couple of weeks ago and he explained to me his frustration with, we have three or four Medicare distributors in ourselves and all three of us, all of us ask for different paperwork, we think we can make this much more efficient for our patients with that move. And that's part of the innovation and thinking big I was referring to, we're going to make this easier. And so everything we're doing with G6 is going to fly right into G7 and we are preparing to - it's become a company that's, there's several million patients not just several hundred thousand.
Steven Pacelli: Yes, I think the only final add from me would be, as you guys are building models, don't build anything significant this year from Japan. But, Kevin and I just spent some time over in Japan and kind of detailed G6. For the first time G6 is filed in Japan and we expect to launch it there probably the first half of next year. And there is some real excitement around that product. So we'll get you guys updated when the time comes, but that's still really a non-existent market for us at this point.
Kevin Sayer: Thanks for the question Danielle. To give a little history here, we launched G6 a year ago and we launched it earlier than we planned and we've been chasing this ever since we started. As you look at 2019, we've grown over $300 million in the first three quarters and a $130 million in the last quarter. And while we've experienced large growth percentages in the past, we've never experienced anything like. We committed to doubling our capacity this year and by the time we exit the year in all fairness, we will have doubled the capacity to build G6 product than we had before. We're doing everything we can to put additional capacity in place to meet the demand for the fourth quarter. As we talked about, our manufacturing line went down in September late in the third quarter and for some time early in the fourth quarter. That's production we can't make up today. We do have some levers to pull and some things that might come on board in December. We can see some upside to making that up, but in our worst case we assume in our guidance this year that we're not going to make that up, we're not going to plan on that and if we do there is some upside there. So by the time we exit the year, we will have doubled our G6 capacity and I can tell you we have more automated lines coming on some in the first quarter, more in the second quarter to the point by the time you get to the middle of 2020, we will have doubled our capacity again and be able to serve everybody. We're confident we have enough capacity to meet the numbers that we've given you. We believe we have an opportunity to do more if certain things go well, and then we'll go from there.
Kevin Sayer: You know what, let me start with that, and if Quentin and Steve, want to jump in, they can. With respect to new patients, Q3 was very comparable to Q2. We had a very good new patient third quarter and so that has not been an issue. With respect to patients reordering, we have not seen a change in re-ordering patterns from our patients; they are ordering what and when they can and when their insurance will reimburse for them. So there is no real difference here as to what we've experienced in the past. In reality, what we're experiencing while working through is getting product out to them as quickly as we can. Sometimes they wait just an extra day for the product, sometimes it's as long as a week. But we are getting product to everybody. We'd like to get it to them sooner and we'd like to have more at our discretion here, but we're keeping up with everything and we're doing well.
Kevin Sayer: Hi, this is Kevin. I will take that. G7 is on schedule, as we sit right now with the schedule that we put together on all fronts. We are now in the process of evaluating the final tweaks to the configuration to lock down the entire design. The majority of the design is locked down, but we've got a - as always, when we get to this point in the sensor, what's that exact sensor configuration going to be and then we've got some algorithm and some effort to do, but none of that will slow down the clinical study. With respect to the total automation at the G7 plant, Steve, very, very truthfully said we are going to do a limited launch in 2020 and be careful how we launch in 2021. We don't want to put ourselves in a position we're talking about today, because we see that as a product that we can market to the world at great, great with great, great success. So automated lines are in design. They're being built. The equipment is not all in yet because the processes isn't completely done, but things like ordering [indiscernible] which have a long lead time and things of that nature are happening. And you will see significant capital expenditures by us over the next several months as we get these lines up and running. We have a great automation team we have good processes that we're counting on. They will certainly be adjusted as the product becomes more mature. The product was designed to be more manufacturable than G6. So we think these processes could be simpler over time. And I'll just add one other thing, we're not just asking the guys to automate G7, at the same time, they are automating the G6 factory as well as we have automated lines for the assembly of our G6 product going at both in San Diego and in our Mesa facility. So we've got a lot on our plate manufacturing-wise. We're confident with the progress we're making with what the guys are doing and expect a very successful launch in product.
Kevin Sayer: Our big driver this quarter was the U.S. commercial business. Our U.S. commercial business - not Medicare, but our U.S. commercial patients and our U.S commercial revenues grew at a rate faster than any quarter we've ever seen and that was the primary driver. Medicare growth continues to be good, but in all fairness, in the third quarter, we know there is some pent-up demand for patients to shift over to G6. We expect Medicare to really take off next year as we roll out our Walgreens and pharmacy delivery mechanism for the Medicare patients and make it much easier for them and get them over to G6. International was also a great quarter. The growth sequentially there was very strong. Quentin talked about the fact that we're comparing to a 93% growth quarter internationally last year and we still grew 39% over that number. So the international markets were good as well. I really can't tell you whether it's DME or pharmacy that's driving it. I think just the drive is awareness and people are becoming much more aware of CGM and what it can do for them and having great experiences with the products that we have.
Kevin Sayer: Yes, well, certainly the operation that we've set up in Manila has turned into a real corporate asset of ours. I think if you look at the performance that we're seeing there are both from a quantitative qualitative perspective. Quite honestly we're operating at some of the highest levels that we've ever seen in the company's history, and that's allowing us to scale more aggressively than what we have historically and address some of the increasing demand that we see. I think another thing that we spend a tremendous amount of time looking for opportunities in the organization is just around what we call RPA or robotic automation and taking processes that are incredibly, labor-intensive and finding those aspects of those processes and automating those, so that the folks who are doing those things can focus really more on value-added capabilities to the organization in serving the patients or even our commercial team in a much better way. And I think encouragingly, we're seeing NPS scores start to reach some of their highest levels here in recent weeks than what we've seen over the last 18 to 24 months even before we started down the path of taking some of the things outside the States and into the Philippines. So we're encouraged by what we're seeing. We continue to make investments in those ways. I think as we continue to head into the future the more we can automate the patient experience with us and eliminate the need for a live person to be on the other end of every phone call the greater. We're going to have an ability to scale and improve the patient experience along the way. So those are the things we're focused on. We're encouraged by what we're seeing, but to be fair and truthful, it has been a challenge over the time that the growth has really put pressure on it and we're doing everything we can to stay out ahead of it.
Kevin Sayer: I'll take that, Jayson. We are growing in that space, but in all fairness, we do not have the broad reimbursement for Insulin using Type II patients that we so desire. Medicare covers those patients and some of the payers have come along and some of them have not. We think it will continue to grow over time. But even with our pharmacy contracts, there are sometimes limitations as to what insulin using patients can have access to our technology. We are negotiating through that. We are willing to give - for example, willing to give price to have those patients covered if they will cover them. The Medicare patients do have coverage and that's where a large portion of this population exists and we will be able to get those and go after them. But it's still - it's still a chore and it is still not, certainly not the majority of our business, even the majority of our Medicare patients at this point in time. It's a great growth opportunity for us.
Kevin Sayer: Yes, I think, Matt, more than anything else, as that business gets larger and you get into kind of the law of large numbers the growth rate continues to come under pressure. I think that you look at last year, we grew $300 million year-over-year in terms of absolute dollar growth. This year at the midpoint we're talking about $400 million of absolute dollar growth, yet the growth rate is arguably a little bit slower still at elevated levels, but arguably slower. So I think that as we continue to move into the future, the rate is going to just be pressured from the tougher and tougher comps that we have and larger base of business. But you hit the nail on the head. There is a lot to be bullish about and we couldn't be more bullish around the opportunities that sit in front of us. Within the core business itself, the alternative market opportunities, I mean these markets are enormous, and I think what we learn more and more every day, is that at the end of the day - CGM device that really opens up the opportunity to either impact cost, improve a patient's life, whatever it might be it comes right back to our device. So we couldn't be more bullish about the future, but at the same time, we're not going to get ahead of ourselves. We're going to be thoughtful, but we're going to pursue every one of those growth opportunities as hard as we can.
Kevin Sayer: I'll just add, I spoke a bit about the Canadian launch in September and that launch was a great success and win for our Canadian team. If I had to pick one other geography, the one I'll call out is the UK. They had a month in December that far exceeded - I mean, September that far exceeded in anything they had ever done and we're pretty proud of their results. And we got an email, hey, we just hit this mark and is pretty exciting, because we don't have widespread reimbursement in the UK. There is - it's regional, and there is a lot of cash pay. We think as we grow in the UK, we can get widespread reimbursement and then this becomes a much greater market for us. So, kudos to the UK team as well.
Kevin Sayer: All right, this is Kevin. I'm going to close up, as I usually do. We want to thank everybody for participating on the call this quarter. In closing, I want to acknowledge the contribution of all of our team members to get to at this point; $130 million in growth in this quarter combined with our best financial results ever. We've never delivered a quarter like this and we've asked our people to go above and beyond 2019 to achieve these things. While our year-to-date revenue growth is near 50%, I can assure you all that our volume growth of all product components far exceeds that number. And we've been running all year to keep up and while we see a light at the end of the tunnel, it's just not as quickly as we had hoped for. Our commercial teams have hit on all cylinders this year. International growth remains strong and a great opportunity going forward for us as global access and awareness continues to improve. We also talked about the effectiveness of our U.S. reimbursement team and positioning us for the future enabling our shift to more efficient distribution channels with numerous contract wins and our relationships throughout our distribution channels have been nothing but strengthened over the course of the year. And finally, our U.S. sales team both internal and external, they've navigated through some very difficult situations with respect to our supply constraints. They'll remain engaged and effective; There isn’t a better group anywhere. Many of our accomplishments this year can't be measured by numbers. All of the letters and emails of lives that we've changed, standing up a facility and a business in the Philippines over the past nine months that's grown to nearly 700-person workforce of people who have committed to this company is everybody here in the States and who demonstrate the commitment to patients that we've always had that have made DexCom the company that it is today. We look forward to continuing the success in the future. Thank you.
Quentin Blackford: Yes, no, it's right in line with what we have always anticipated, Jeff. I don't at this point see any need to kind of revise the expectation we put out there. I think that $100 million to $125 million of headwinds is something that we'll continue to see throughout the course of next year. But we aren't changing our strategy here. I think what's been demonstrated is that our plan has been effective, it's working and the payers are seeing the value of our products and they understand it for the premium product that it is and we're opening doors, so no change there.
Quentin Blackford: Let me just talk through the fourth quarter for a second and give you a little bit of color on it. There is nothing significant in terms of timing that I think changes the impact of either Q3 or Q4. But one thing to keep in mind is the OUS business is a bit more choppy than the rest of our business. The sequential trends there can move around a little bit. If you look historically, international has typically been flat to slightly down in the fourth quarter and we continue to expect that's how it will play out this year. I think the other thing to keep in mind is that as we continue to move more and more of the business toward a subscription-based model, the historic seasonality is going to play a little bit differently in the current year than what we've seen throughout history. So we're trying to model that as well. I think the other thing just to keep in mind is, Q3 was truly a remarkable quarter for us. We were up 18%, sequentially from Q2 whereas historically, we've been up 8% to 10%. So for us to look at that and call it a trend and anticipate that we're going to see at the same sequential increase into the fourth quarter, that's a bit premature. We want to see this play out a little bit longer than then just 90 days' worth of experience in the third quarter. So we're trying to be mindful of that. And I think the other thing just that is worth noting and Kevin has hit on it, we are capacity - what the top end of the capacity in our guidance range and if we can pull some of these incremental opportunities forward in terms of production lines, then terrific. There's going to be opportunity to exceed what we set the expectation for. Worst case scenario is those lines come up in the very early part of January and we're often running at that point. But if we can get those brought forward then there's potential upside.
Quentin Blackford: Yes, I think the pharmacy, is a very, very attractive business model for us. Obviously, it reduces the burden that a patient and a physician and even our back office staff here has to work through to get a patient on to the technology, so it's attractive from that perspective. But it's also very attractive from a profitability perspective. We firmly believe that we can make more profit dollars per patient through the pharmacy channel than we can through the DME channel. So - and much of that comes by way of reducing the back office effort and just reducing the amount of time that it takes to get that patient onto the product and then it clearly opens up by having easier access the opportunity to address more of the market. So for all those reasons, pharmacy is very attractive to us, but from a profitability perspective, it's going to deliver profit dollars on a per patient basis that are higher than the DME channel.
Quentin Blackford: I will speak to the quarter itself. I mean, it's pretty simple and maybe Steve or Kevin can speak to the opportunities, but within the quarter, it was very widespread. It was across our direct markets, it was across our distributor markets and it was across all of the regions. There wasn't any one country in particular that far and away led the pack. There wasn't any one country that was far in a way behind the pack either. So it continues to be very broad based strength across each and every one of our markets and the teams are doing a remarkable job with it.
Quentin Blackford: No, nothing specific around timing of spend, although I will tell you in the fourth quarter, we're going to start to see some incremental spend, particularly around the development efforts of automating these G7 lines. We have the product pretty well dialed in, in terms of its design, now it's all about designing these lines and conceptually, we know what the lines need to look like, what they need to produce. Now it's fine-tuning that work and making sure that we have them up ready to start to roll. So you've got that that cost coming through in the fourth quarter that you didn't necessarily have in the third quarter. To your point, on a year-to-date basis, we've made incredible traction from a profitability perspective. OpEx is levered over 1,000 basis points, and on a full year basis, we're going to see tremendous leverage from both an operating margin and EBITDA margin, even though it might not have been raised in line with what you were expecting. It's still tremendous improvements. I think what it tells you is that this business has the capability to perform at very appealing profitability measures, if you will. There's nothing structurally in the business model that keeps us from being able to do that. I think what we want to be able to do is balance the investments that are going to open up all these new growth opportunities that we continue to become more convicted are real. And so we're going to balance that over time, but we remain committed to those long-term profitability goals we've laid out. We're making tremendous progress towards them and feel good about where we're at today. So we're pleased with the progress that has been made.
