Terry Gregg: Thanks Joe thanks every one for joining DexCom today on our third quarter 2014 investor conference call. I have Steve Pacelli read our Safe Harbor statement to kick things off.
Terry Gregg: Thanks, Steve. Joining me today are Kevin Sayer, our President and Chief Operating Officer; Jess Roper, our Chief Financial Officer; and you just heard from Steve Pacelli, our Executive Vice President of Strategy and Corporate Development. So today’s call will follow our traditional format, Kevin will review our third quarter 2014 financial results and provide a business update, that I will then follow with some concluding thoughts. But before I turn the call over to Kevin. I’d like to comment briefly on our results for the quarter. Our product revenue growth is unparalleled, we have grown over 60% annually for six consecutive quarters and our average year-over-year quarterly revenue growth has been 65% since the launch of G4 PLATINUM. In Q3 and cash based operating income increased by approximately three times over Q3 2013, clearly our business model is working as planned. All the while we’re in the midst of three simultaneous product launches, first a new smaller version of our G4 PLATINUM transmitter. Second, DexCom SHARE our first step into mobile remote monitoring and third, our new G4 AP Algorithm with an unprecedented 9% MARD. Things could not be better for us. With that I’ll turn the call over to Kevin.
Terry Gregg: Thanks Kevin. While our third quarter performance did not entirely surprise us as we continue to see momentum for G4 PLATINUM build in the diabetes community, one needs only to read the diabetes blogs and chat room discussions to know what a tremendous difference we are making for patients as well as their parents and love ones as they strive to improve control over their diabetes. We must continue to innovate, never resting on what we have accomplished which of course today is the industry leading CGM technology. We will never be satisfied until we reach our goal of replacing fingersticks and upon achieving that milestone we will simply develop new goals to continue to drive DexCom to remain the dominant name in continues glucose monitoring. We recently received approval for our SHARE system and we believe this is the first step in the connectively pipeline we are developing to ease the burden of trying to better control glucose level safely. But even more importantly is that SHARE actively engages the patient and his or her support team which are parents, spouses, and loved ones. For the first time with an FDA approved device you can me in the next room, the next state or across the globe and someone has your back remotely. We are changing the paradigm of managing diabetes for the better. Kevin mentioned the recent approval of the algorithm the G4AP that we will begin to distribute shortly. I can remember how happy and satisfied patients were with the improvement and accuracy from the 16% MARD as a SEVEN PLUS to the 13% MARD of the G4 PLATINUM. So, I’m even more excited to get this new algorithm with MARD of 9% into the hands of patients. We have learned the importance of accuracy in CGM it translates into confidence and trust in the G4 system. It also translates into freedom for the patients to live a more normal life and it moves DexCom a step closer to our goal of replacing fingersticks. Our pipeline is very robust. We expect to introduce a steady stream of product innovations on our sensor technology as we look at Gen 6 on the durables with an improved sensor deployment system and especially on the connectivity side as we introduce our Gen 5 system. We will continue to make the appropriate investments to achieve these goals. As I have often commented, being in the CGM space is extremely difficult and expensive, many have tried and most have failed and yet we continue to prosper and drive adoption by providing superior technology in a patient friendly format.  Kevin said based reimbursement challenges facing the Medtech world as cost of care becomes front and center for the payer universe, and we believe we’re well positioned to demonstrate improved outcomes while saving the system money. A single severe hypoglycemic event, with a hospital admission can cross on average $17,000 and here we can reduce or eliminate hypoglycemia events. And the compendium of positive outcome data associated with continuous glucose monitoring continues to grow. And one of our near-term goal is to harness that data to enable payers and healthcare providers to better manage treatment modalities and ultimately further reduce cost of care. The world is waking up the potential benefits of connectivity with wearables for improved health. DexCom has been a pioneer in this area since our inception, so we’re excited to be able to partner with companies like Apple to accelerate our efforts. You’ll be hearing more about these collaborations in the future. With that we’ll take questions.
Terry Gregg: Sure Danielle I’ll take that one. The SHARE System, it’s an upfront charge of I think $299 and you get the cradle and your data to start off. It is not a subscription model at this point in time. Our patients buy the hardware and that’s what they get. With respect to driving our revenues as I said in the prepared remarks this is really the first step in our mobility platforms and while we expect this to contribute some, it’s not going to be a major revenue driver when we’re already growing at 60%. What we do see -- what we do anticipate is that this will be very helpful in continuing to grow the pediatric markets. And the other benefit of SHARE quite frankly is not in the top line, it’s a pressure test for all the infrastructure we’ve been building for a long time to manage this data remotely. And we have learned a whole bunch in a very short period of time about our patients behaviors and patterns and their glucose reading. So all in all it’s a great launch for us.
Terry Gregg: I think they’re different, the algorithm is certainly science that the FDA is familiar with respect to DexCom as we’ve been through several sensor launches and even in algorithm change in the past with respect to the SEVEN system, we are now changing hardware and the data was very clear cut. We’re hopeful that we’ll get a quick approval on the G5 system but it is more than just a transmitter it is -- just lay directly on the cell phone, it is human factors work on display on a cell phone it’s all the things we have to mitigate for loss of connectivity and things of that nature band, so while we’ve meet with the FDA on several occasion and have a very good idea of what that files going to look like and we believe they have a very good idea what is files going to look like. I don’t think that two are related. We’re hopeful we’ll just have to wait and see.
Terry Gregg: Sure one other things, you know that the founding members were Joslin translational group, as we look at taking data and not only using predictive analysis, but in a real time sense to allow therapy changes on the a fly that patients can do ultimately -- with obviously the council of their physician. Then all of this becomes -- the more like a prediction software becomes very exciting to us at this diseases called diabetes is one that would be particularly benefited by this types of programs. So we’re moving as fast as we can but once again its DexCom breaking brand new ground and we’ve got to go about a slow and we can always move as fast as agency will allow us to move with this. Because we are in the end we are not physicians and there is the great degree concerned that we don’t cross over that line.
Terry Gregg: Tom the pediatric launch is been very successful. We’re couple quarters into it and as we said last quarter. Pediatric patient has the same usage and spending pattern as a regular patient. So we’re not going to break that out and then continue to report on it every single quarter. But I can say it’s certainly been a driver in our growth and has been very successful so far and you are right a lot of parents are very happy with the share launch.
Terry Gregg: It is really very much most Europe. We’ve done very well in Canada this year as we’ve launched there as well. We have some country that have carried this Italy, Sweden, Germany are three of the bigger ones and the Netherlands they are a supporter larger than Europe where we have done very, very well. Reimbursement is improving, we see reimbursement in some countries in Europe. We are also investing -- I talked about the study investment in my prepared remarks. We are investing in some very large studies over there to drive government reimbursement of CGM for patients and so we’re making investments over there to get full on reimbursement for CGM. So lot of it’s out of pocket and lot of is durable. I’d say it’s a mix, it’s not the same mix as the U.S. and is not as predictable. We have don’t have as much color on those patients as we have over here but the business is doing very, very well.
Terry Gregg: All of the above, literally pharmacy benefit is helping in some cases. We’re certainly no losing market share based on all the independent data that we look at. We have very significant new patient growth combined that with the fact they were not losing patients like we used in SEVEN plus days. Our retention rates are very good, our utilization rates appear to be very strong as people trust and relay on this sensor array. I can tell I’ve had many, many patients say, the worst two hours of my week or two weeks if they wear the sensor alarm [indiscernible] warm up time while I wait for the next sensor to start. So every variable in there is working and again now go back to earlier same, to achieve growth like we have they all have to be good. So every one of them is doing well. 
Terry Gregg: Yes, I mean Medtronic reveal a potential standalone system at a trade show earlier this year. We haven’t seen or heard frankly anything else about it since that. So much like the Abbott Libre we’re going to take a wait and see approach, not clear to us what sensor component would be included, whether it’s a current inline sensor which we’ve all seen the performance of that sensor or some feature sensor. So again it’s somewhat -- I think one of the comment that was made by Medtronic was that first generation Guardian remote or whatever they are calling it would not have a remote monitoring feature it would simply be display to the patient. So in that respect it’s so much difference that what we’re going to come market with Gen 5, but outside of that I don’t think we know a whole lot about it. 
Terry Gregg: We expect to file that in the first quarter of 2015. The primary focus of Gen 5 is the transmitter will be able to speak directly with two separate devices via Bluetooth connectivity, so you could speak to your phone and your receiver at the same time, it gives straight to just your phone or just your receiver and then that data will be shared through the applications on the phone to the cloud and people have access to the SHARE system which will be the exact same system that we’ve launched pretty much the SHARE that was launched this year. So the focus of Gen 5, it will be Gen 4 sensor with respect to its performance characteristics, it will have G4AP algorithm, it will have that level of accuracy. So we are not changing the system or system performance for the Gen 5 platform. We are going to come with a user interface that’s very much designed to be a mobile platform for those who look at the date on the phone that we think is just fabulous. So that’s what the Gen 5 system is going to be.
Terry Gregg: Bill, I’ll go with what I said earlier we’ve announced for a couple of quarters with Peds, everybody is a patient and they’ll have the same economic patterns and we’re just not going to report that every quarter. So it’s going very well in Peds, we’re very happy, it’s met all our expectations.
Terry Gregg: Well the receptivity has been outstanding because everybody likes things that are less aspersive on their bodies when they have to wear our devices, so people have liked it very much. Driving that we had to make a transmitter that had all the features that the previous Gen 4 one, particularly the ability to transmit over an extended range and also ability to talk to our integrated pump partners the transmitter does both of those things. And it does cost less to make so it meets all of our objectives. Terry stated what we do to make it better and make it cheaper they achieved them both the guys did a great job.
Terry Gregg: We’ve typically said that, we believe that ours is sustainable growth and what we plan for us is to grow at 40% every year. That allows you double every two years and so we have been greatly -- we’ve been very fortunate to grow faster than that, but our plans have always been to grow at 40 and I have the infrastructure to support 60. So we are doing both and we’ll keep pushing. But this pipeline that we’re developing and we firmly believe it can drive the business the way it has but it takes everyone and innovations to keep it going it, it took the peoples approval , it’s going to take a new outgrowth and it’s going to the going to the top, it’s going to take the share system, it’s going to take every one of this things to continue to drive that growth we can’t drive the growth just by continuing to market G4 as it is, we got to be better and we will.
Terry Gregg: The roll out is gone fine as we said when we announced that approval a while ago, we don’t expect this to be a huge direct topline driver of our financial has not been. Maybe you covert some patients. I don’t have the statistics on the top of my head we know that percentage of people who wear our sensor on this professionally use system. The presenter who convert the purchasing one is very large, is very consistent, very favorable. So it certainly helps us it really hasn’t been a measurable driver in direct sales and indirect sales are I don’t have a number to share with you.
Terry Gregg: We’ll go beyond that. As you know you can buy the app on the iTunes store today for SHARE so that’s the first stage and as we have indicated there is a trial being proposed now is been approved by Apples that we will utilize CGM technology for -- through first being up at Stanford University at the hospital system and while integrate into the Apex system using iOS8 in the healthcare. So we do this as a long term opportunist relationship again it got back to my, part of my comments to was when you look at this wearable technology that surely going to drive companies like Apple, Google, Samsung whoever into this digital health world that everybody looks at and says, wow that’s what we something that’s the place we want to play to expand our own platform from where there at now because they see the aging of the population and the opportunities to engage that population and trying to empower them to take better care of themselves and again reduce this healthcare burden that we spend a lot of time looking at. And so obviously anything along those lines benefits what we intend to do.  We have always considered CGM to be a consumer product, it has requirement of a medical device, but the utility of it and its power as a consumer tool -- because this is actionable for a patients that has to have many transactions in their daily life in order to better control their diabetes. So you’ll continue to see these growth as, first you see the Vibe system develop, but that’s only the beginning because that’s easy to do. I mean we demonstrated deploying our system with Pebble watch, as an example. And a lot of that stuff from a technology standpoint is off the shelf with the utilization of Bluetooth low energy. Now, getting this through the regulatory challenges is much different obviously it’s in the news with regards to type of security and other challenges risk in risk mitigation that Kevin mentioned during his presentation, you’ll continue to see these growth, that’s really what I was focused on in my comments.
Terry Gregg: No, I don’t think we have to make a compromise I think are simultaneous, right now we focus –sensor accuracy of 9% MARD that is point care time to the accuracy particularly when you add in variability associated with the human influence on accuracy. If you take a patient on the SMBG, I assure that it is not 5.6% is something far great than that. We’re seeing variability in fingerstick measurement upwards two measurements down on the same thing there within a second of each other to be widely different. And so we actually from accuracy standpoint are far better than fingerstick measurements and we’re certainly more consistent. That is something that we will continue to drive till we certainly believe that a 9% MARD, we are at that threshold at which can dose insulin. We have to demonstrate that successfully to the agency but clearly we believe that accuracy is there. Now you move the quality of life and it goes hand in hand and patients have more confidence more trust and the tools that they’re using to better manage their diabetes their quality of life has improved.  They are less worried day in and day out of everything they do apparent is less worry of sending the child over to and overnight because of the share system, all of these things contribute to improving in the quality of life.
Terry Gregg: No, you’ll see some interim results at some point during the course of the study but it is really in our opinion a key study for the future and certainly for the first time as a company it’s a study that is being conducted without the primary intent to get a product approved from that perspective. If you look at all the studies we’re involved in its hard and we’re in 20 different artificial pancreas programs, it’s not our study, we participate, we provide some support. Those are exciting to see, those progress along that intent to again reduce the challenges of managing glucose level. But I would agree with Kevin the Diamond study is even though it’s not a near term study as probably one we’re very focused on and just given the magnitude of the study with 20 centers at key sites throughout the U.S. 
Terry Gregg: I have to laugh because here we’re, thank you -- but we carry this non-cash based equity that prevents us from being GAAP positive. So we’ve got, when cash was keen and it still is and we like to add it rather than take away from that. But we did in order to attract the right talent in this company we were low on the salary side and we made it up on the equity side. So we gave our employees equity and behold our employees don’t really want to sell the shares that they hold, because they look at the upside of what this company can achieve from shareholder value improvement. So, the end result of that is probably $15 million a quarter shared based equity that we -- non-cash, that we have to carry forward. So you just do the math and say if we want to get 20% operating number we’ve got to do a lot. Just to cover the shares the people aren’t selling. You can’t go and tell your employees why don’t you go all sell shares, in order to get this down. And it’s just a sense routine dynamic and so yes we do, we make statements to what we think we can do in 2015, but it’s really driven I think growing top line again by growing the bottom line faster.
Terry Gregg: I think it will drive patient growth, when patients hear that we have an algorithm that was designed for the artificial pancreas, so it’s now been integrated into a commercial device that they can purchase, it will be very, very helpful. It definitely will be a driver. It was our goal to make our patient base ecstatic, because that is how we build the business here.
Terry Gregg: We’re in the middle of our planning process, certainly with 60 plus percent year-over-year growth for the entire year we have an opportunity to expand to grow next year and we’ll give more guidance on that at the end of the year after we get through our process.
Terry Gregg: Thank you. Well I hope everyone got a good picture of how excited we’re about DexCom and the opportunities for our company. But I would need you to understand also, we’re setting our site this will be a billion dollar revenue company, not a 300, not a 500 million, a billion plus. And so our employees believe in our mission, we believe that they know the opportunity that DexCom is truly a unique one and they want to participate in that, and they’re clearly aligned with shareholder value. And so with that I again will say thank you and see you in 2015.
Steve Pacelli: Danielle this is Steve, I’ll this one. I think you kind of hit it on the head, the Abbott Libre product is first and foremost it’s not a CGM product, it does not have the capability of alerting a patient for example to nighttime hypoglycemia which is a critical attribute to CGM. So it’s not really fair to have an apples-to-apples comparison between DexCom CGM and the Abbott Libre product. That being said we long assumed that Abbott would come back into the market, they have been talking about this product for over a year now. And so it certainly wasn’t a surprise to us. We’ve been watching the blogs frankly that I think they’re in a very early stages of their launch, so there isn’t a whole lot of detail or information out in the marketplace at this point. I have heard pricing, it appears to be priced favorably to a full blown CGM, but again you’re purchasing products that doesn’t have the full protection that CGM in terms of alerts and special alerts and alarms. So I think at this point we’re going to take a wait and see approach, wait and see what different -- what they develop as a category in market in Europe. No idea, they’ve have been very silent as to potential timelines for U.S. commercialization, so we’ll take away and see if there’s really anything. And as far as I see look, I mean the configuration that Abbott has come to market which is certainly something that we could mimic it potentially make some tweaks to the Abbott product that would be very competitive an Abbott Libre product to the extent that they’re able to develop some new category for the products. So I think with that we’re going to take a bit of a wait here,
Steve Pacelli: Bill this is Steve, for the purpose of your question I went and asked the Ops guys how we were doing, it was actually posted on our Web site earlier today. We’ve had several hundred users already download and install the upgraded software. So it’s going to go fast. What we expect to start shipping the new algorithm with new purchases with new receivers next week, so we’re going.
Steve Pacelli: I am going to way in a little bit. So I spend a lot of my time thinking strategically for the company at this point. And what -- how this is [indiscernible] on others as you look around the universe the cost of care is something that is obviously on everybody’s mind, we heard it as a key note speech at the AdvaMed, Mike was talking about it during with Edwards. And so we need to spend some of those R&D dollars to ensure that we know as a category CGM saves the system money. And I preach to whoever would listen that the first stage as we look at ACA whether or it gets changed because of administration change, who knows. But I will tell you this that in the future the healthcare providers will get some of their compensation based on outcomes. And it won’t be too long after that, I can’t tell you when my crystal ball says three years, four years. That industry is going to be part of that game, that if you can’t demonstrate, you are taking dollars out of the cost of care with your products, your products are not going to be reimbursed. And so what we have to do is we know and it’s a lot of lift service at this point, everywhere we turn I just gave you $17,000 number for hospital admission we’re spending over $250 billion a year in the United States treating diabetes. And unfortunately it continues to grow at unparalleled rates that we have seen. So we can be cognizant about that, and some of that R&D spend is creating and demonstrating the system that we’re in fact saving them a lot of money and we’ll save them even more money in the future. And as Kevin mentioned, I mean everything we do from a standpoint of building is they hear -- preach to them every day, make it better and make it less expensive. So at that level as well. So these are investments for the future with the return being -- things that are not as price sensitive. We know we have to hit certainly gross margin. And no matter what we do regardless of what the price is we’ve got to hit those gross margins. And so from that perspective we need to make those investments today.
Steve Pacelli: This is Steve unfortunately they will not have the ability neither the Animus 5 pump nor the Tandem. Cheap counts have the ability to upgrade as we do our G4 PLATINUM receiver is to upgrade to the new algorithm. So those patients would have one of two options they will have to wait until a next generation really Gen 5 version of the pump or they will have the opportunity to purchase, we’ve actually seen this happen in Europe where patients -- even patients on the Animus 5 have elected to purchase a standalone DexCom receiver to get a preferred to pull that out of their pocket, purse, backpack whatever to technically because its preferred rather than pull their pump out. So the transmitter would be the same so the patients wish he is the new algorithm would be able to use it with chain transmitter if they buy a separate receiver.
Steve Pacelli: We’re excited about a bunch of trial. The biggest trial that we started and started this quarter is our what we call a Diamond study internally which is a steady that where we can truly bracket the benefit of CGM from a therapy perspective, from a cost perspective where we can really do a study that shows how we drive CGM outcomes in patients new to CGM, in particular with MDI patients and what happens and what changes in their lives. This is going to be a long-term study for us the data probably won’t be available for 18 to 24 months. But we’re going to use 20 centers and fund the study to really learn about those things that are important in our business through study of that nature, that’s the study I’m very excited about is this going to not happen as fast as I’d like it. Terry, if you have any other.
Ben Andrew - William Blair: So few question from me. If you think about the fact that FDA moves so quickly with the new algorithm, I mean obviously the benefits that it provides are material. Does it give you any information content relative to what that could mean for the G5 approval or does that transmitter because it’s really just a transmitter now that changing I believe and kind of the connectivity dynamic that would represent the G5.
Ben Andrew - William Blair: Okay and then Kevin you talked about the R&D stunning inventory as well will be allowing you to do some more things and you mentioned device integration with the vast pumps or delivery system as well as advance decision making tools. What time frame should we see you guys moving forward with that commercially is this two, three, four years? Clearly, it will be an evaluation, obviously if we’re including the current portfolio. But does this allow you to accelerate some of that and bring those things forward because I am seeing they represent additional revenue opportunities as well.
Ben Andrew - William Blair: Okay and last thing from me. Kevin you are kind enough to give us these 30% of revenues coming from hardware. Can you give us a sense of that breaks down at all in terms of replacement hardware versus new patients? Thank you.
Kevin Sayer: We get asked this question every quarter and we’re not going to add any more color to what we’ve have. We are having great new patient results you can’t grow as fast as we are without having that, so we’ll leave it the way it is.
Kevin Sayer: No, it does, the Vibe is doing very well in Eurpoe. Animas has done very well with that products over there.
Kevin Sayer: Erica for a long time Terry and I have philosophically operated under the principle, let’s grow the top line fast and let’s grow the bottom line faster. And we’re certainly doing that as Terry said in his remarks the cash operating income was 3x of what it was the same quarter a year ago when we had 60% of growth on the top line. As we look at our business going forward we think about three things. How much can we add to the top on a revenue basis and then we get to an accessible gross profit number. And we ask ourselves two question, how much do we need to spend to continue to push the agenda to keep growing the top line and how much do we need to keep to meet our commitment to our shareholder and we evaluate all three of those things at the same time, not just as a management team, but at the Board level and throughout the entire organization. So we look at all and we’ll continue to evaluate our business that way.
Erica Layon - Benchmark: Okay. So it's just a matter of maybe one will step forward ahead of the other, but they’re both moving forward together, just to -- 
Erica Layon - Benchmark: That sounds like a very powerful study, and sometimes you have to wait for the right science to happen. So, thanks for working on that one. That probably will help the growth even as those out years continue, hopefully outpacing your 40% goals? And you definitely gave us some good color towards, not quite guidance, but helping us look at the big picture here. There is one more that I was hoping that I could ask you. Right now, it’s great that we’re seeing that you’re positive on a cash running basis even though we’re not seeing reported positive earnings. Is that something you’re putting much weight on or right now just trying to keep your foot on the gas being responsible with your cash but paying less attention to the sort of reported earnings number because you think there is more investment that needs to be made before that could be a main focus.
Erica Layon - Benchmark: That’s very helpful, it’s just your so close to the number. I don’t want us to focus too much on something that actually goes counter towards the goal to the company. That note was my last question, thank you
