Kevin Ronald Sayer: Thank you, Danielle, and welcome everyone to DexCom's First Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. We'll start with our Safe Harbor statement from Steve Pacelli.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Well, I'll start with the backlog, because that's very concrete. Once the coverage decision was announced, we certainly have criteria when a patient comes in or goes to our website for creating what we believe is a patient opportunity or patient lead. And these are patients who have met criteria, who have shown enough interest and have enough of the criteria within our system to be qualified as patient lead. So, again, there are more than 10,000 Medicare patients in our system outside of the traditional patients that we have as well coming in through the field, or coming in through our website and through the digital market space. So, these are again patients who have reached out to us and expressed interest, and have enough information to qualify as someone is truly interested in CGM. With respect to the U.S. business and our growth year-over-year, I think one thing that's very important to remember is we were in the middle of the G5 Mobile launch last year. We launched it late in the first quarter. Could not meet everybody's need in the fourth quarter, didn't meet all the needs in the fourth quarter and a lot of that carried over into the first. So, it is a tough U.S. comparison quarter-over-quarter. With respect to our patient adds, again, pretty much like we had discussed before Mike, the majority of our growth came from MDI patients and we see the MDI patient base growing very quickly. Where we were down a bit, where we've been in previous years on the new patient side was on insulin pumpers and we had fewer of those than we've had in the past. With respect to reorders and patient behavior, the other thing Steve talked about and I can elaborate a bit on as well gets back to seasonality in the first quarter and possibly a changing nature in our patient base. We have good reorders, our patients called in, that wasn't a problem, but the bigger issue is deductibles and copays. And particularly as we get into the MDI market, our insulin pump patients spend a lot more money on insulin supply – insulin pump supplies than their pumps, meaning deductible is faster than this new market in this group of patients that we're seeing. So, we know that there is some financial pressure on these people. We have not seen anything that would indicate increased attrition. We have not seen anything that would indicate decreased utilization on the sensor. First quarter is a tough seasonal one and those are really pretty much everything around the revenue numbers in the U.S.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Well, Germany has been very successful for us. While we've grown quite a bit in Germany, it's still only about 20% of our total international revenue. So, it's not as big as it can be. We have contracts in place with less than 20% of the payers. We're sitting in front of two of the largest ones with contracts that should be executed shortly that would get us up to 50% of contracted reimbursement with the payers we have been contracted with. We can process those claims and get paid, but it's very much one-off and requires a lot of documentation. So, Germany will provide us some significant growth opportunities going forward. With respect to our estimates for the year and our pump patients, there are a number of factors that we look at as we weigh this. Again, we have our Medicare situation. We have a robust pipeline of potential new patients to serve without promoting it. Once we got this, we're excited we think we can add a number of patients there. We think on the patient number front, that would offset some softness on the pump side, and possibly more than offset any softness on the pump side, where the Medicare model is a little bit different, is the revenue we derive from a new patient when we add them. And if I can give you an illustration, you all know if we go back in time or if you look at a new patient, the initial transmitters and a receiver and three sensors, the hardware is between $800 and $900 and three boxes of sensors just for the sake of being simple, let's say they're $300 apiece or $75. So, you've got somewhere between $1,500 and $2,000 to startup a new patient. On the Medicare side, as you've all read the CMS rulings, we're not going to get that big of an upfront payment. We will be getting – us or our distributors will be getting rental payments on the receiver over a 13-month period and the average payment per month on the disposable components would be somewhere between $205 and $300. So a new patient in that first quarter of use will bring us somewhere $750 to $900. So even if we grow the patient base significantly past the 270,000, if a number of them are Medicare patients, it won't have the immediate pop that we've experienced in our commercial business in the past. As we look out, as we look at the opportunities and the number of patients who continue to request CGM, the number of new non-Medicare patients in our pipeline, we're comfortable with our guidance for the year in spite of all the other diabetes news that is out there and we plan on achieving those goals. And second quarter, typically for us, has been up over first. We certainly expect that it will be much better than the first quarter and we'll see how it goes from there.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Well, they've put it on 500 people and my guess is they probably picked those 500 people specifically. So, we've heard some relatively good feedback. We've also heard mixed reviews with respect to the complexity of the system and going out of auto mode and everything. I don't think the book can be written on 670G till this has commercialized to a broad number of patients. I would tell you on the pump front, we do see – as is evidenced by, I think, what we heard on TAMP's (28:23) call, that some doctors are waiting to see – before they put a patient on a pump – to see how 670G goes, and this will be more applicable to a patient. But in all reality, pumps again are four-year warranty cycle. We believe that we can do very well with the pump patients that we have now. As I said earlier, our new patient adds on the pump side were slow. And now it's really the most negative thing that we saw in the first quarter. So, we'll just keep going from there. And there's a lot of MDI patients who really can use CGM and we will focus on those guys and our other pump partners patients as well.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: The most important thing that can happen next is a coverage decision. And what a coverage decision does is it provides an explanation around the benefit criteria that have already been established. For example, in the documents that have been issued already, it says a patient needs to be taking four fingersticks a day, but we don't have any guidance as how to document that. What the local coverage decision will provide is documentation, requirements to document four fingersticks a day this is what you have to do. Same thing with the other criteria Type 1 diabetes and the other things that are on that list. Also with the local coverage decision, Jason, while under the current pronouncements of Medicare, you can't bill on a one-by-one basis on claims, we've processed a few Medicare claims and our distributor has and they've all been pretty much denied awaiting a coverage decision. So, we really need this coverage decision and then we can really open this up and get this process running smoothly. That is the next obstacle. And again, I want to be very clear. CMS has been very progressive in helping us try and get this out. The things that they've done, the last guidance they gave towards the end of the first quarter, that was very much a positive step. At least viewed as a positive step by us to outline the criteria to specifically identify Type 1 and Type 2 diabetes patients using intensive therapy and that did keep the ball rolling. We need to get this local coverage decision and we are going for local coverage decisions as soon as possible and then we can really get this thing going. That's the big holdup right now more than anything else.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: That is correct. The last thing we want to do is to add another 10,000 patients to the 10,000 patients we're not currently shipping and have them all frustrated. So, yeah, we will aggressively go after that as soon as we get that local coverage decision.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: We're teed up. We're ready to go. This isn't something that will require a bunch of time. We'll get after it very quickly.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Yeah. This is Kevin. I think we'll get back up into the $70 range, probably not towards $75 as the U.S. volumes become a larger percentage of our business. And the U.S./international mix in Q1 of last year was also similar to this. In fact, the international business doesn't really suffer the seasonality that we suffer in the U.S. and many times Q1 has been our biggest quarter of the year internationally. Now, we certainly wouldn't want to that to be the way this year. But as U.S. business goes up and becomes a bigger percentage of the business, again, you will see prices naturally move up because of, again, just distribution channel shift and geographic shift.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Yeah. And with respect to the Type 1 market, again, from a patient profile, these are patients many of whom, who suffer from hypoglycemia unawareness, and this a wonderful tool to help them and help give their families peace of mind. So, we see a tremendous opportunity here. And if we didn't see a tremendous opportunity here, I can tell you it's emphasized, because it would appear to me that most of the Medicare cash patients who we didn't ship have all sent me e-mails regarding the fact that they don't have their product and they want it soon. So, this is a group that's been very committed to the technology and done extremely well. So, I think we have a wonderful opportunity here. The key for us will be executing, streamlining the reimbursement and shipment process as we have to bundle this with the strips and meters upfront, and making sure the patients are properly trained and qualified. And we've staffed up for that. We've added more people on our tech support group and on our patient care team, and in our processing team in anticipation of this. So, we've done some things much better than we did a year ago. We've put good plans in place to anticipate this and we're just really excited to get started. But getting started is the key word, we really need to go.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Excuse me. This is Kevin. I'll take that. What is lost on many of us is we're about a year ahead of where we thought we'd be with respect to this Medicare stuff. And in order to get DME approval, we had to have a durable component of the system that would last a specific period of time that we would cover. And working with Medicare, again, they worked very hard and they determined that durable component is the receiver. So, we'll start with the rules that we have. As far as Liberty concluding this, they have absolutely nothing to do with their decision and with this. And that is by far and away the least important gaining factor in doing this, Liberty's decision. And as we've looked at this and, quite frankly, spoke with other distribution channels, not knowing exactly what the coverage decision looks like and not knowing what you're going to have to have in your file to get paid when you have a Medicare license at risk and your business is very much Medicare-oriented is something of a risk that Liberty just wasn't ready to take at this point in time, even though they could get paid on individual claims and go through the process and do a lot of work. So, they stepped back and they're waiting – they want to wait for this local coverage decision as much as we do. Once this becomes clear, we'll determine how to best proceed. And I think it's important for everybody to understand, this has been a one-time thing, this has been a process over several years. And while we may sit here today with that position on the receiver being the durable part and being kind of like the centerpiece and the most important component of the system, we have a number of options here. We can certainly work with CMS over time to see we can move it to another category. We can also go back to what we did in the past with share and have the receiver talk to the phone. And we could – but certainly, we don't have that product in our portfolio right now. But since we were the first to make it way back when we know how to do that, so we have a number of options here. We just need to let this play out. We need to get this technology on patients. We need them to explain how it has changed their lives and how beneficial it is. And we need to be pleased with where we are and not get too crazy. I don't think that's over time going to be a factor.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: ...was that payment for the first 13 months. That's why I have that. And then again, what we end up getting will depend upon the distribution channel and our terms with distributors and we'll have more color on that once we start going in future quarters.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Let me start with the product pipeline. On the product pipeline front, it's a real good question and a very good observation. We have been very successful over time, once we get a technology platform established on the sensor side to turn that into enhanced performance and other different opportunities. And I think in today's software world, and with the expertise we're developing, and the expertise, quite frankly, at some of these important partners that Steve has talked about, is I think you will see derivations of our core technologies. We tend to speak to our core technologies on these calls, but I can give you a simple example. We've certainly run feasibility studies on the Gen 6 sensor for 14 days, not only for purposes of the Verily first product that we're going to launch, because it will be a G6 sensor, but also for possibly a 14-day version of G6, but all this is in feasibility phases. We're giving all these things thoughts and you will see iterations that will be different. I think the other place that we can iterate that will be very meaningful will be software. We believe, once we have that accurate stable industry standard sensor platform and algorithms that generate extremely accurate and well performing numbers, that we can then in future worlds come up with possibly different apps that might be approved for different labeling and might have different use cases for patients, and back to what Steve talked about with our Type 2 business models and our Type 2 relationships. So, there is a lot going on and there is a lot more going on here than just the – we talk about really the core basic things on these calls. There are many other projects and many others things we're considering along with those. And with respect to ADA, certainly there will be talk about the second phase of the DIaMonD study, the Type 2 DIaMonD data. And we have several technology papers, there will be posters, we have a couple of oral presentations. We don't have a new product coming this year. We would love to be able – knock on wood, if we could launch Android at ADA that would be a wonderful event, but we're not there yet. So, it'll certainly be a good show for us. It always is. And we'll have a great time here in San Diego.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Well, certainly, we want to get the 10,000 patient up and going as quickly as possible. I think the Medicare ramp, once this final coverage decision is in place, can go relatively quickly, as we qualify these patients and make sure they meet all the criteria and understand what documentation then we have to have. The impact of the patients, though, as I described earlier, is a little different than our regular new patients, just based on the reimbursement model on the fact that we get a monthly rental rather than the big upfront payment. So our relationships with distributors are going to be a little bit different. Where the Medicare revenue really becomes material and significant is when we get like a 30,000 or 40,000 patient base and we're billing them all that monthly charge. And so, you've got a regular monthly revenue stream combined with monthly shipments that we think can be highly predictable. So, like I said, a new Medicare patient upfront is probably about half of what a commercial patient is in our upfront revenues. But as that bolus goes out over time, those patients become extremely valuable to us. So, it's going to be a little bit different model, but it will be highly – we're very excited about it, and we think it will be very additive to our business.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Yes. Well, we are still getting people calling in and wanting to join the pipeline. We get many opportunities per day. But when they hear we can't serve – we can't ship them yet, it's been a little bit difficult. I would say that we really need to turn on the faucet once we get the coverage decision, Margaret, and then we'll have a very good idea as to how robust these patients who have inquired is and how many will convert and how they use it. We really need to get going.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Well, the 10-day life for G6, the way G6 is configured, there's not a hard shutoff on G6, as we are filing it at this point of time and we will evaluate that hard shutoff up feature going forward. We all read the blogs on our system. And every time I get on the DexCom G5 user group, pretty much every night, somebody says, hey, I just got my DexCom and I wore my sensor for two weeks, how much longer is it going to last and what do I do to make it last longer? And then you read – the last couple of weeks ago, I heard somebody said, yeah, I get 48 days for each of my sensors or seven weeks per sensor, and here is all the things that I do. So, this is a feature we have build into our products. I mean our product has been very reliable for more than seven days. I think over time the way our model works, particularly as you get out to 10 or 14 days, if we were to shut it off, it would be – I mean, absolutely, for quality purposes and to make sure that it's accurate, in particular, with our non-injunctive claim and the way we would look at that, Margaret, in all reality, well, we're billing somewhere between $10 and $12 a day in the U.S. to the reimbursement entities. If we did shut the thing off hard, we would make sure we repair with the patients because we always do and we would have a program to whereby patients – we would hope patients would not be hurt economically. And it's something we will study and explore all the time and give it lots of thought and consideration. So, it will be an interesting evolution on our technology curve and we have a lot of things to think about and consider.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Well, one of the first things to note, international us versus Libre is, when Libre started, our entire international team consisted of three people. And so we really hadn't built much infrastructure over there and we didn't have any reimbursement and decision for a patient was very simple, pay cash for Libre, which is much less expensive than a DexCom system. So adding cash patients with that low price point upfront led to some significant growth. As Steve alluded to earlier and I can validate again, as we have received reimbursement in some of these European geographies, a reasonable number of our patient adds are a Libre users, who aren't getting what they want from Libre. In the U.S. markets, again, one of our biggest assets is our non-adjunctive claim that a patient can dose insulin off of the system and we believe people intensively manage their diabetes, that's going to be an important feature. And so, we believe in the intensive market, we can do well. And the fact is – again, even in Europe, where we don't have near the resources they've had, you just heard us talk about a 37% first quarter growth factor in Europe. And I mean in the O-U.S. markets for this quarter and in our reimbursed markets, we're doing very well. So in the U.S., I think there is a niche for this. I think there will be people who want it. I think in the intense world where we are now, we can maintain our share with our connectivity, our share features. The android app, the new technology we have coming in, and really more important than anything else , our accuracy in the performance of our system that has been documented time and time and time again. Over time...
Kevin Ronald Sayer: ...as we look at that market, I assure you as you look at the Verily products, we will have products to compete head-to-head with that in the not-too-distinct future that we think will be – that'll be extremely good.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: I appreciate that. You're talking really more about the commercial and the SG&A aspect of those expenses. And it's become very clear to us that this will be a different type of business model for us. We can't have the one-on-one ordering that we have now and walk patients through their DME benefits, and the way that we do things. It's going to have to be different and we are exploring new business models that can do that. As Steve talked about earlier, outcome based type programs that we can sell with employers, payers, communities and things of that nature, that's going to have to be leveraged and it's going to have to be done differently than what we do today and we think can leverage that and be successful. And so, we are taking as much time with the business model in this area as we are taking with the technology. And the development of the business model is every bit as high tech and challenging and different as developing the technology is. It's really been a wonderful effort so far and you'll hear more, probably more towards late this year and early next year as to what that's going to look like for us.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: No, there is no channel room for us. We monitor our distributors very carefully and no there is no channel out there. With respect to the impact of Medicare, again – and even the impact of new patients and patient growth and that's a very good question. In all reality, as you're looking at a $700 million-plus business, the number of new patients you can add in your quarter dwarfs what new patients could contribute three years ago to a quarter. So, the new patients are very important and Medicare will have an impact, but I don't think you can move the needle like 10% or 20% certainly over the back half of the year. It can move it at a lower amount of that, depending upon on how many patients that we have. So, we'll give you more guidance and color on that as we add them, and we're probably going to have to be very clear with Medicare patient numbers on margins and breaking some of this out so everybody understands the story. Where it really moves the needle is in the periods going forward as you get a large established base with recurring revenues and we continue to shift to that business and it can evolve more over time than the upfront payments we get from new patients now.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: So, the new sales reps came onboard late last year and early this year. The sales heads in the U.S. were determined literally by dividing current territories and reassigning people within those territories. I would tell you, like any sales force reorganization, there are some bumps, some speed bumps along the way. We are extremely happy with the quality of the people that we brought onboard and we had absolutely no shortage of people running these jobs who are very, very qualified. But it does take a while to get everybody up and running and we did experience that in the first quarter as well. In the U.S. Dr. Jones in Sun City (1:06:54) just lost their rep (1:06:56) to the new one's coming in and relationships have to be redeveloped and redeployed. We believe our team is up and running and doing well, and it does take a little while. I mean, we expanded 20% to 25% on the U.S. side, and so there's a lot of new people, they've all been trained, they've all been in for training, we've had our national sales meeting and they should be ready to go and certainly very productive in the second quarter. The way we analyze all our salespeople in the U.S. So, our key criteria is new patient adds and we evaluate everybody based on their new patient targets and are very thoughtful and deliberate as we set those up and get that done. And so, we watch everybody.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Well, I don't think that one, certainly having a publish paper to take into clinicians, particularly as they go back to the example Steve gave, and when I first started with DexCom going out in the field frequently, when I would go into physicians office, the first thing they would say to me, I'm not giving a patient CGM unless they're on a pump. They have to be on a pump first. And what the DIaMonD study clearly shows is that is not the case, that you can derive significant benefit being an MDI patient and wearing in DexCom CGM. And I'd tell you, as we have clinicians, as we meet with clinicians and conduct symposium and educational programs across the country that attitude has changed. The CGM First message is taking hold in that DIaMonD paper is really the first thing we've ever had to document those outcomes. We think it can also be helpful for us with payers over time, as we look for lower cost solutions in managing patients with Type 1 diabetes and intensive insulin using Type 2 patients and we will use it for that, as we try and expand our markets and our coverage and go deeper. So, it's a very good start and the other data will be very helpful as well.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: As Steve said earlier, in Germany, our sensor reimbursement in Germany is very similar to what we did here in the U.S. So again, as these payers come on in Germany, chances are it would have a positive impact if Germany becomes a greater percentage of our international business. As I said earlier, it's probably around 20% of the total O-U.S. right now. So, we'll just have to see how that goes. With respect to referrals and physicians of our Medicare patients, we're getting leads from two sources; certainly, online and online referrals, the patients coming through our website and enrolling. And those patients can have general practitioners and endocrinologists. With respect to referrals from the field, those are primarily coming from endocrinologists, which is where our field teams spend the most of their time. And if you go into an endocrinologist office, at least when I go in, as much as I want to talk about our pipeline and all the stuff that's coming in the future, the first question I get every time is when you're going to be able to take care of my Medicare patients. So, I think there is good pent-up demand amongst endocrinologists to help that senior population.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: All right. I'm going to wrap it up. I want to thank everybody for their participation on our call today and your continued support of DexCom. In preparation for today's call, we noted that my first earnings call with DexCom was exactly six years ago today, and we proudly reported $13.1 million in product revenue for the quarter. Not one week's revenue for us going forward from now on. It's been a very fast and extremely rewarding six years driven by a tremendous amount of hardworking commitment from our team here. Think about the short list of industry first: CGM performance that finally met patient expectations; The first FDA-approved apps to allow patients to share data; the first system ever to communicate directly to a phone; the first device ever to be labeled to make therapeutic insulin dosing decisions; and finally, the first product to Medicare, at least in a few weeks or a few months, we hope. While this list is great and we're very proud of all that we've done, everybody here at DexCom would tell you that if you look out over the next six years, that list is going to be much longer and much more meaningful as we drive the message of CGM as a standard of care for glucose measurement across the board. I had an opportunity this past weekend to speak with an individual, whose family has been greatly affected by diabetes at a recent JDRF Gala here in San Diego. This person commented to me that while he is very generous and he is supporting diabetes research, it's DexCom that saves his children every night and he told me to be very mindful of that as we go forward in what we do. We'll never forget that. As we launch our new product platforms, incorporate Verily's high technology and truly merge hi-tech and mid-tech, build out our new factory, communicate and connect to more and more devices and expand into new markets over the next several years, our commitment to patients will never change. We truly want to enable people to take control of their diabetes. Thank you.
Steven Robert Pacelli: Yeah. Just a quick addition on – you asked about Q2 specifically and the sell-side models, I mean we certainly don't control the sell-side models. But what we said in our Q4 call, if you recall, is we expected do somewhere between 18% and 20% of our annual revenues in the first quarter. And I think, where we landed was right square in the middle of that. We've also typically, historically, said we expect to do 40% to 45% of our annual revenue in the first half of the year. And so, I think we would be comfortable sticking with that as a historical guide.
Steven Robert Pacelli: Again, it's more consolidated than that, it may be more than one, but it probably would be two, up to a maximum of four. So, a little bit unclear.
Steven Robert Pacelli: There was a CMS webcast actually that happened earlier today and they said basically that it's in process. And they wouldn't give specific timing, but it seemed like it would be sooner rather than later. So, we're hopeful before the summer.
Steven Robert Pacelli: Yeah. So, what we've said is the pricing in Germany is more reflective of our direct pricing in the U.S. But remember, Germany doesn't represent – it represents an okay chunk, but it doesn't represent a huge chunk of our O-U.S. business yet. So, the vast majority of our O-U.S. business is still through third-party distribution, which is at a lower ASP. As we look to go direct in other markets, I think you'll see some pricing improvement versus through distribution. But I will tell you, give an example, in one of our reimbursed markets, we actually elected to lower the price slightly to drive sales, to drive volume, and it's had a wonderful response, particularly against some of the competition that is priced lower. So we're still evaluating how we'd proceed O-U.S. But, yeah, I mean, what you're seeing today, certainly Germany being the only big direct market is still more reflective of our U.S. pricing.
Steven Robert Pacelli: Yeah. I mean, I'd tell you, it's still a bit of an unknown. As Kevin said in his prepared remarks, we hope to leverage the coverage criteria, the coverage language from Medicare into the commercial side of the business. I think it's still a little bit of an unknown because our core commercial business is not – it's not dominated by intensively managed Type 2s due to a lack of coverage. So, we're probably, I'd tell you, taking a little bit of a wait-and-see approach, but the numbers of patients are much, much larger than the Type 1. So, I think it could be extremely additive over the next several years.
Steven Robert Pacelli: Yes. I'll take that one, Kyle. No, I don't think it changes our thinking on that at all. I think there is an extremely important segment of the market that we'll look to have to utilize these semi-automated or hybrid closed loop systems and we remain active with folks who you know, with Insulet and some others, and there are some others that you don't know. I think those are critically important to some subset of the market. We also think, as you mentioned, smart pens, a smart pen paired with a CGM, we think, as an extraordinarily compelling – a compelling product offering, particularly when you think about the power and computing power that we have on the phone and being able to really mimic using the algorithms that would be the similar algorithms that you'd have on the pump, on the phone and actually really provide detailed dosing assistance and other lives (42:54) to the patient. But then if you really look out at the market, thinking about Type 2s, more broadly speaking, Kevin gave some color on our initial thoughts there. There's a much, much broader opportunity, even in the non-insulin taking patient population in Type 2s. And I think we're starting to see some really compelling preliminary data that will marry up with the appropriate products as we continue forward with our Verily relationship. So, I don't think our partnership strategy has changed. In fact, I think our partners are becoming, frankly, more important, perhaps more diverse. We're not just going to focus on closed loop or hybrid closed-loop systems. I think there is a broad spectrum of partnership product opportunities for us, but they're all going to be critically important over time.
Steven Robert Pacelli: Well, it's not – I wouldn't say it's just pump partners. I mean, what we've said is, historically, this is two years, three years ago, we were – a typical quarter, we would add roughly 60% pumpers, which included Animas, Tandem, not just integrated – DexCom integrated systems, but pumpers broadly speaking. So, Animas, Tandem, Insulet...
Steven Robert Pacelli: ...and even Medtronic. And so, with the couple of pump partners that we're seeing just not adding new patients, generally speaking, we've seen a slowdown. So, the point, though, is that while that did have an impact, we have shifted the mix pretty dramatically over the last 12 months or so. So now, in a typical quarter, we're adding two-thirds of our new patients are actually MDI patients. So while it's had an impact, it's not crippling the business. We just drew attention to it because it was a factor in the quarter.
Steven Robert Pacelli: No, that's actually been a goal, right. I mean, historically, we were even with the endocrinology community, people always – this is the old days. But people used to characterize CGM as just an adjunct to a pump. So, we set out a number of years ago with our CGM First campaigns to show the world that CGM is the most important tool in diabetes management. So if you're on MDI, you can effectively manage your diabetes without going to a pump with MDI and CGM. So, no, I think it's actually – that's a huge positive for us.
Steven Robert Pacelli: Sure. There's lots more patients on MDI. I mean, remember, pumps are only about 30% penetrated in the U.S. and less than 10% penetrated outside the U.S. So there's tons more patients in the MDI group.
Steven Robert Pacelli: Yeah. No, I mean, we evaluate our guidance on a quarterly basis. And at this point, we're not comfortable because we're not shipping to Medicare. We're not comfortable upping it. We do think Medicare is a huge opportunity and we'll evaluate it at the end of Q2, which will – that call will probably happen a month after the end of the quarter.
Steven Robert Pacelli: No, we've not broken it out. But remember, the disposable sensor is the same. So, with respect to 70% of our revenue, it doesn't matter whether they are on G4 or G5. The only difference it makes to us financially, as we noted in our prepared remarks, is that the COGS on the...
Steven Robert Pacelli: I mean, it's much more sensor related. These would be existing patients, so not new patients. I suppose there could be, in that mix, some anticipated transmitters, if the transmitter died during the quarter. But it would be predominantly sensor revenue.
Steven Robert Pacelli: So, we haven't been able to ship for cash. These were ex-cash pay patients. And now that we have Medicare coverage, we cannot ship to them and charge them cash. So once we have coverage – again, back to once we have the formal coverage in place, we can absolutely continue to service these patients. There won't be a make-up, per se...
Steven Robert Pacelli: ...because that's revenue that they would have – we'll start charging them – we'll start charging Medicare for sensors and shipping sensors to them. But there won't be a catch up.
Steven Robert Pacelli: Yeah. I mean, I can cut you short. No, we're not looking to buy a pump company. I think we continue to evaluate our partnership relationships. You could see us become a little more involved with one or more of the partners if some of them seem to fall off. But at this point in time, we're going to continue with our partnership strategy, again, both on the pump side and on interconnected pens and other software platforms. So, not interested in buying a pump.
Steven Robert Pacelli: Yeah, I mean, we're still working with the French authorities. I don't want to be more specific other than we're hopeful within the next 6 to 12 months, we hope to see some reimbursement in France. Similarly, in the UK, we've submitted the appropriate paperwork and are having discussions with the National Health Service there. We're starting to see reimbursement, but in a more limited fashion in some of the other countries in Europe, where they're looking to provide a fixed amount of money for reimbursement. We're trying to figure out how we will play in some of those markets. Australia is starting to reimburse. So, we're seeing it, it's happening certainly as quickly as we would have hoped.
