Jereme Sylvain: No, Jeff, outside the U.S., historically, there's been a cost-sensitive approach towards care, health care. And that's where DexCom ONE has really played a major role for us of winning some additional access outside the U.S. So we do believe that providing these opportunities around multiple systems to address the need both more acute and less acute, it provides us really a differentiation. So we continue to expect to do well there. And we'll keep you posted if we start to see anything change in terms of macroeconomic demand starting to dampen individual access. But for now, what we see is a great opportunity and an opportunity given our product portfolio do very, very well there.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Absolutely. So Robbie, the way we're thinking about it now is really - it's likely a second half 2023 event just given the time. And so expect that, but we'll give you more clarity as to how much the contribution is as we guide for 2023. In terms of commercial payers following, we do expect to see that as you certainly think of Medicare Advantage plans. But even as you have folks really progressing throughout their journey, we know that this product ultimately reduces cost from the system, improves lives and outcomes. And so we do expect those to come along as well. In terms of reimbursement, the way that CMS typically reverses it is based on qualification, and this is an expansion of the category of qualification. And so thus far, it looks like it's reimbursed in line with the existing qualifications. And at the end of the day, it's incumbent upon us, and we think we continue to show it that the economic benefits of putting somebody on CGM far outweigh the costs. And so it's on us to continue to show that evidence, and we think we can continue to prove that as more and more evidence comes. So we'll get back to you a little bit later in terms of the expectations of 2023 contribution. But that should give you a feel for what we expect over the coming year.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. I'll maybe draw you back to the MOBILE study, which the MOBILE study was really targeted at folks wearing it full time, which was the basis for CMS coverage. And so I think what we would see is as folks get on to therapy, we would expect a relatively similar utilization. There might be dips in between it for here and there, a day here or there, a day here and there as product is coming in. But for the most part, we expect full-time wear, and that's how we've seen folks get the most benefit. So I'd expect it from there. Clearly, this is a new market for us, but all the early work we've done around patient satisfaction, patient results, these folks have wanted to wear it. They wanted to wear it full time. And so we expect that to be the baseline going forward.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Yes. Happy to talk about the patient trends. So what we saw kind of rewind back Q2, a record for us. Q3, early feedback is it's at least equivalent of that of Q2, and we'll even get more data here soon. So Q3 was another very strong new patient add quarter for us. And so when we talked last about and expecting a reacceleration that was on Q2 and an expectation of a strong Q3. I think we had a very, very strong Q3. And quite frankly, we expect a strong Q4. That's where you see that reacceleration in the U.S. So, very bullish on that particular opportunity. And you are right, that is with G6. And so we obviously are very offer G7 to the U.S. population. As it pertains to momentum and moving into 2023, we'll talk about that as we give guidance in 2023. But I think the takeaway here is we are still very bullish on this business, very bullish on the opportunity and ecstatic about the opportunity to offer G7.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Yes. Let me start with the - maybe the model expectation. We have Jake here. And I think it will be good for him to talk through the manufacturing. So in terms of how to model it out, Kevin alluded to it earlier. Generally, there's about a six to nine month period where look, there's a proposal, and things have to go through. And so as folks start to open up coverage, that's why we expect that coverage to really start in the back half. And again, this is a recurring revenue business. So there will be a contribution we expect in 2023. How material, we're going to size that up, and we'll make sure that we - as we size it up for you, we'll give you the context for how we're guiding to it in 2023 so you understand our assumptions. If things come earlier or things go faster or slower, we'll certainly give you that clarity so that you have it. But our expectation is there's a contribution. How material, it's going to take a little bit of time as that grows, but still a contribution and really momentum exiting 2023 into 2024. But in terms of capacity, maybe let me turn it over to Jake to give you some context there.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. So Joanne, I completely understand the question and how to model it. I think what I would say is in 2022, this is a business just getting started. So it's not a material contributor in 2022. However, we understand the challenge. And so we will make sure that we're able to identify what the contribution looks like as we start to give forward-looking guidance over time. So just rest assured, as that business gets bigger, we'll start to give you line of sight into that. For now, what's most important is we've unlocked an incredible amount of TAM. And that's super important as we think about how many new patients we're certainly going to be bringing in. So more to come there we'll certainly help you with models going forward. But for now, just know DexCom ONE is a relatively small contributor this year, and we'll talk about 2023 here in a few months.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Yes. So we were in the unit volume in the mid- to upper 30s globally. In terms of the performance, the U.S. was slightly below that but still in the mid-30s, and OUS was slightly above that in the upper 30s and so really just continued strong momentum in that patient cohort or that underlying patient volume.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes, sure. Thanks for the question. This is Jereme. It's a bit of a change. I'd say it's an addition or an augment to an existing strategy. So we've always believed that access is incredibly important. And we believe that over the long term, access is at the basis of adoption. However, there are some certain populations out there that have high interest in the product that continue to want to use the product to manage their diabetes. And we felt that this was a way to allow them to do so while we work on that access. And so what we are doing is we're launching multiple different versions of cash pays. We'll have those being promoted here shortly to targeted populations. And what the goal here is that folks don't have coverage, while we work in the background to get coverage, basal is a good opportunity, a good example, I should say. They can't get the product for a discount price. And the price is less than 50% of what - the cost of them is 50% less than what it historically would have been. So real good opportunity, multiple different options, multiple different ways we're going to be rolling it out. You'll see some marketing materials around it soon. But I would - I think this is a great thing for access. I think it's a great thing for folks who have been looking to get on a DexCom that, for whatever reason, haven't been able to allow them to do so.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. So the best way - good question. The best way to think about it is in the first quarter in which we turn on lines, you generally have a dip in gross margin. And that's the initial set up the yields. We'll give you guys a little bit more line of sight into cadence as we get into 2023 guidance. But as you turn on those lines, the first sets, the yields are a little bit lower. You're absorbing in depreciation, and then as those yields start to improve, you start to get a better gross margin run on those. So I think the expectation is, is you'll have some blips there in the periods in which we launch into certain countries, specifically U.S. And then as more and more folks transition off of G6 to G7 and those increase, you're going to see those margins improve. Longer term, G7, we can make at a lower cost than G6. And so it's just this transitory. We'll help you out on the modeling as we get into 2023 guidance, but as you're trying to get your head around what the cadence looks like when we turn online, that's the expectation of when you'll have the dip and then a recovery after that.
Jereme Sylvain: Thanks for the question. We continue to do very, very well. So if you think about kind of where that type 2 intensive penetration is, it's surpassing 35%. In terms of how we're doing, I think couple of maybe data points, which I think is helpful. First off, record new patients, Q2. Q3 is in line with that based on early feedback, could even be a little bit higher. And so you're seeing patients coming in, which is just an indication of more and more folks adopting where a good majority of those are coming from that type 2 intensive population. It's our fastest-growing segment. I think you also think about it from a context of who we call on. And as we look at our sales team, we talk about productivity, more than third-quarters of the calls we make are now to primary care physicians. And that's because that's where we're looking to expand over time. So I think what we've done in expanding the salesforce last year and really focusing on those sales tools, thinking about the type 2 intensive and then beyond, basal and beyond, I think you're really seeing that play out. And you're seeing some very strong growth in that type 2 intensive segment, and it sets us up well for that basal segment.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes, sure. So the line - the way you think about the lines and this is the way we've set it up is DexCom ONE physical form factor cost to manufacture, not necessarily cost to support and how we service it, but really the physical product. DexCom ONE is very similar to G6. There are other features that G6 has, but hardware is very similar. And it's very similar in G7. G7 lines and eventually DexCom ONE will migrate to a G7 line. And so as you think about these products, then it becomes a question of price point and then how we ultimately service the patient there. So that's the way to think about it. Over time, as we go into certain markets depending on price point, it's got much less to do with what I would say is the physical product itself. We grow into those markets over time through economies of scale. And so that's one of the reasons we believe with DexCom ONE, there's a real great opportunity here. The economies of scale for us are massive. And by going into those markets, we certainly can grow into that profitability profile. So as you think down the middle of the P& L, certainly, as you go into DexCom ONE, there could be a slight margin differentiation, but those economies of scales help offset it. We also look at the service model, and we're able to manage the service model in a different way. So the ultimate operating margin contribution is the same. So that's how we think about it. And so as you're modeling it through, that's how I would think about it.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure, I'll start with the contribution. And let me turn it over to Jake, who is our maestro on product development and understanding products. In terms of contribution, look, we're very excited about both Tandem and Insulet products. And as they launch more and more products that we are obviously integrated with, we expect it to contribute. Now quantifying that and having those contributions, it's a little bit difficult to do given some products - some folks were already on DexCom CGM who bring in a pump, and some folks pull over. So as time moves on, we'll be able to really tease that apart. But I think what we would say is we're still bullish on the opportunity of folks ultimately using our product with these incredible pump partners. I'll leave it at that just because it gets hard to contribute. Again, we'll be able to retrospectively give feedback as time moves on. But let me give it to Jake in terms of the connectivity and the timelines on G7.
Kevin Sayer: You know what, I'll start with the big picture things. We're starting commercial plans and talking about this now. This is such a big event for us and such a big win that we'd be stupid not to. So we are thinking about this now. Our product offerings, our distribution strategy and all those things, Robbie, as far as when it's exactly going to hit and go into your models, that's something we'll discuss later. We know the time frame for this can be anywhere from like four, five to nine months out as we work through this. But we're confident we're going to get through it. We're just thrilled with the ruling, and we are thrilled that we could be part of this. Our data from the MOBILE study was a large component in pushing this initiative across the finish line because we saw how well those people did. Jereme, if you want to get into more specifics on the numbers side, go ahead.
Kevin Sayer: Yes, this is Kevin. I'll take that at a high level. Certainly, our G Series product, our G7 is going to be our flagship product, we roll it out. And that will be - we're very comfortable with that being a home run. There will be some countries where G6 is so new. It's not going to be prudent to go rush G7 into those geographies. We can let that customer base grow while we expand others. So we look at G6 and G7 in a very similar light as far as their features, the connectivity and all the things that they do. With DexCom ONE currently on a G6 platform, we have areas where we need to grow, and we need to get there fast. And that product will remain on the G6 platform. We're not ready to move it to G7 anyway. We're going to use our existing G7 capacity to sell G7s in the beginning and strengthen ourselves in our current business and where we are doing very well now with our partners and everybody else ultimately DexCom ONE will shift to that platform. And we'll roll out that way. So as you look at DexCom ONE, we've said many times that product is for two major purposes. The first one is to go into new geographies where we can do an online e-commerce type business and launch it as we have in those first four countries, in countries where CGM is reimbursed. But again, we have this situation where there are two types of CGMs they will pay for the - that for the high-risk patient and connectivity and with those features that we've always had on the G Series. And then the other area, we are using DexCom ONE as a vehicle to get into those markets and utilize our capacity to go sell sensors and serve customers there and give them a better experience than they've ever had before. And that is the plan for right now.
Kevin Sayer: Yes. I'd just add to that. And I don't want this lost on the call. Take a look at our operating performance this quarter. Record cash flows as a former CFO is something I love to hear. And so we have managed our business very tightly. As we look at these, we're works new product lines, your question is very appropriate. And we do have work streams about our cost to serve our patients, our cost to develop our new products, our manufacturing costs given all these new things we're doing. We are looking at the cost structure of the company every bit as much as we're looking at the product launches. So we can make sure that when we get to the end of this road with these launches and with these products and new markets and new products that we have operating margins that are acceptable to us as we increase our customer base dramatically.
Kevin Sayer: Thanks a lot, everybody. This was a great quarter for us with growth, with excitement related to our product launches, expanding global access and performance on the bottom line as well in a time when the world is in a lot of chaos, we've done what we said we were going to do yet again. Our teams are just executing very well as we press towards the end of the year and look to build momentum next year. I want to thank our team members for their hard work to strive towards these goals. It is all hands on deck to get G7 done, to get DexCom ONE out in these markets and do all the things that we are trying to do. But I want to close with a special note. I want to thank all the members of the diabetes community that have been working together to help improve access to CGM technology. The recent CMS proposal represents a big win for people with diabetes. And we're only one member of a large group advocating for this result. This was a collective effort from the diabetes community on behalf of the diabetes community. We want to acknowledge the hard work that led to this proposal, both inside and outside of DexCom and share our excitement to help so many more people with diabetes in the U.S. live healthier lives, and it's only the beginning. Thanks a lot, everybody.
Jake Leach: Yea. Thanks, Jereme. So from a capacity perspective, we've been gearing up for this G7 launch for quite a while. So we've got G7 lines installed here in San Diego as well as in Mesa. And so we feel really good about our position to meet the needs of our full G7 U.S. launch as well as the international launches that will continue throughout the year. Also to remind you that we've got our Malaysia plant coming online the next year. So that should also help boost our capacity. And so I feel really good about the ability to both provide G6 and G7 product.
Jake Leach: Yes. Thanks for the question. This is Jacob. I'll take that one. So yes, we responded to the FDA in Q3 with the answers to their final questions. And so we feel really good about how that positions us for approval in Q4, so before the end of the year. We're really planning our launch to occur in Q1. So that will be a full launch and the - our status with the FDA is we've gone back and forth. We're feeling really good about this being kind of the end of the review period. And so we're very confident in that Q4 approval timing and a Q1 U.S. launch.
Jake Leach: Yes. Thanks, Jereme. So on G7 integration with our pump partners, basically, the steps are to make a few updates on the pump side to take advantage of the new features that are within G7 such as the fast warm up as well as the grace period. And so those groups are already - they have been already working on that for quite a while. And so we do see great progress on those integrations. They've gone through kind of final steps of development and validation. So a lot of that work can be, to your point, done ahead of time. And so when it comes to a specific timing of approvals and launches, we'll leave that to our pump partners. But we're progressing very rapidly, and we do expect them to be integrated soon. One thing I'll note is that on our other side on the digital health partners, for example, in Europe where we have G7 out, those that are connected up to our real-time API already have G7 integrations. For example, Sugarmate is a group that's already consuming G7 data within their app at the beginning of the launch. So very excited about the opportunity to bring more to the ecosystem with G7.
