Quentin Blackford: Sure. Thanks, Robbie. Look, I think the first thing I would mention is we've made incredible progress from a profitability perspective over the last couple of years. If you think back to our original Analyst Day, we set an expectation to be at a 25% EBITDA margin by the year 2023, and we delivered 26% EBITDA margin in the year 2020. So we've made incredible progress. And I would say progress even accelerated or went beyond what our original expectations were. But we've always known there are investments we've got to make in this business to open up some of these incredible market opportunities that sit in front of us. And I think more than anything, the fact that we're making these investments ought to be a testament to the fact that we now believe in, and we're seeing that these are going to be real opportunities for us. So we're excited about making that investment.  On the gross margin side, there's a few things to point out this year that makes 2021 a little bit unique. One, we will continue to drive the normal efficiencies and leverage through the gross margin that we have in the last several years. And I would expect there's a couple of hundred basis points of efficiencies to continue to take out of it over the course of '21. But there's 2 headwinds that we have to navigate through. One continues to be the move to the pharmacy channel. We expect that we'll see a significant move over the course of this year. We've seen that pick up in terms of its momentum in the back part of last year. The other one is we're making significant investment in standing up our first international manufacturing capability in Malaysia. We broke ground there. We have teams there as we speak starting to build out that capability, which is going to take -- it is tens of millions of units of production capacity and turns it into hundreds of millions of units of production capacity for us, which we believe is going to be necessary as we open up these markets and begin to really see results from them. So that's what's going to play out on the gross margin side that results in a couple of hundred basis points of headwind from the 67% back to 65%.  On the OpEx side, I think it's important. G&A is going to continue to lever nicely for us. Where the investment is going is purely in the sales expense and into R&D, and there's really a few drivers that drive it. There's the doubling of the U.S. commercial field force that we've talked about. That's pretty much done as we sit here today. Those resources are going to be in place and able to start to contribute over the course of the year, but they obviously bring with it an expense load. We're also turning up the DTC efforts. We've never been better positioned from an inventory perspective to really turn the dials on DTC and sampling and giving our commercial team the tools they need to be as effective as possible. So we're excited to be able to do that.  And then finally, I'll just remind you, over the course of this year, we've got all the G7 expenses that are going on. We got the trial expenses, we got the filing expenses, and then we got the commercial launch behind that as well. So all those things together drive the incremental investment from an OpEx perspective. But that's all going to show up in R&D and selling expense. You will see leverage in G&A. So I hope that answers the question for you.
Quentin Blackford: Yes. Great question. 10%, 10 points of headwind is the right way to think about it, primarily driven by that pharmacy channel mix shift that continues to move towards the direction that is important for us to be able to scale the business over the long term. I'd remind you, profit dollars are higher in that channel. But yes, there is some gross margin pressure that comes with it. But from a top line perspective, that's what's driving it is that pharmacy channel, call it, roughly 10 points. I do think you'll see that evolve a little bit over the course of the year. Keep in mind, in the first part of last year, we weren't into the pharmacy channel to the same degree that we were as we exited the year. So you've got a tougher comp in Q1 and Q2. And you see that in the growth rates as well. You're going to see tougher growth comps in the first half of '21 that will start to subside in the back half of the year.  So I do think that you'll see that evolve a bit as we start to anniversary some of the pharmacy shift that we saw in the back part of '20 into the back part of '21. As we head into '22, look, we'll talk about that as we get out there around that time frame. But I do think there's a couple of years here of stepping through it. Once we're through it, I think you're going to see the unit volume growth of this business is going to be much more reflective of the overall dollar growth. Unit volume growth continues to be incredibly strong. We were up 40% in units in the fourth quarter by the time everything settled out. And our unit volume growth in '21 is right around that 25% to 30% growth. So very strong unit growth continue to drive the business.
Quentin Blackford: Yes. Well, I think we're incredibly excited and bullish on the future opportunities. But at the same time, our approach has always been we want to see those start to pan out and contribute. And at that point, we'll start to reflect them into guidance. So as we open up some of these new markets and validate that we're able to generate the revenue from them, then hopefully, we've got some very positive updates for you guys over time. I don't think we could be more excited around where we're making these investments. We know for a fact the type 2 intensive space, for example, is going to come on to CGM therapy. We're seeing it happen in our results right now. We're starting to see some of it with the nonintensive. As a matter of fact, if you look at our new patient figures, it's led by type 2 patients. So we're starting to see some of that be validated. But in order to reach those patients, for example, on the sales force side, we've got to be in the primary care physician offices. That's where those patients are seen and that's where our current commercial force does not really play. And so as we've added those resources, that is going to be their primary focus, their primary target.  Similarly, on the DTC side. I'll continue to reiterate, there's not a better investment that we make inside the 4 walls of DexCom today than our DTC efforts. And the returns that we see with the new patients that come out of it, we're very confident that that's the best investment we can possibly make. Now will that return on investment per individual or per patient start to step down into the future? It may as they get harder to bring on. Basically, for the time being, we've been very encouraged by that return that we've seen, and we'll continue to pour resources in there until we see that change. So I don't think there's a better place for us to be focusing our efforts right now than to really be building out the commercial force to see the right individuals where the patients are at and to continue to create awareness for these patients as well.
Quentin Blackford: Yes, David, thanks for the question. Look, I think my takeaway is, I think we all see the market opportunity exactly the same way. There's incredible runway sitting in front of us. There's a lot of adoption yet to be had in the intensive segments of the market and the nonintensive is going to open up as well. Our approach to the guidance is probably a little bit different and unique, which is we're very bullish on some of these new market opportunities and contributions that can come from them, but we're not going to get ahead of ourselves with respect to those expectations as they play out. Over time, if that happens in '21, then fantastic. It's going to be a terrific result. If it comes a bit later in '22, it's still going to be a great result. At the end of the day, we're very confident in what this ultimately has the potential to look at -- look like, and we're going to make the investments to ensure it's a reality for us. But at the same time, we're not going to get ahead of ourselves. So I think more than anything, you've got 2 players in this space who are incredibly bullish on the opportunity, which just validates there's a lot of runway here and a lot of opportunity for all of us to have success together.
Quentin Blackford: Yes. Well, I would -- Ravi, it's a great question. I'd remind you, the $4 billion to $4.5 billion revenue figure we put out there out in 2025 or so was more or less our base case. That's how we qualified that to you folks. And it started to open up a bit of the type 2 nonintensive opportunity, but there's a massive market that sits in front of us. And as we open that up in bigger ways, as you start to open up things like hospital or gestational or get further upstream into the diabetes condition and get into prediabetes, those volume numbers are incredible. And so I mentioned earlier, we're talking about going from tens of millions of units to hundreds of millions of units of capability over time, and we're beginning to make those investments as we speak.  In terms of the CapEx investment, I think you're going to see roughly double this year what we've seen in the last couple of years. We've seen about $200 million of CapEx in the last 2 years each year. I think that is going to be north of $400 million, probably as we stand up this building and build out the capability that will then service for years to come into the future. How quickly we're ramping that is really going to be predicated on how quickly we open up some of these markets. What we're not going to do, and we've been very clear about this after having learned from the experience ourselves when we launched G6, we're not going to put ourselves in a position again to where we don't have the inventory to deliver to the patient and create a DexCom experience that is one that we want them to have. And so we are investing ahead of that curve, but we're very confident that the curve is ultimately going to be realized. I think the question is just nailing down that timing and know exactly what that's going to look like. From our perspective, we're going to be ready when it's ready to go. We're not going to be behind it, so...
Quentin Blackford: Yes. Well, I think when you look at the overall investment in the areas you identified, the most significant increase is likely going to show up in doubling the size of that commercial field force. And then right behind it is DTC and sampling. Sampling is a bit new to us. We've never sampled historically. We just started to roll that out in the fourth quarter and very early in seeing what that looks like. But that's a pretty easy one for us to measure. We're not going to give you the specific results of what that looks like. Although the fact that we're going to continue to double down on it should tell you that we're incredibly happy with what we're seeing. But that's as easy as knowing exactly where we're dropping the samples in the field and knowing exactly what patients are utilizing those samples, and ultimately, turn into a recurring purchase for us. So those are easy measures. And on the DTC side, with social media and the leads that get created from that, that ultimately turn into patients, that becomes relatively easy to measure as well. One of the things that I think was just really fascinating coming out of the Super Bowl ad is that we had 5x more impressions in the last 4 days than we had it for the entire year of 2020 on the heels of that. I think it's just remarkable the type of reach that we're finding with our DTC efforts. So we're going to continue to monitor those things and measure those and hold ourselves accountable to them. And as long as the return is there, we're going to continue to invest aggressively there. If we see the returns start to drop down, then we'll start to think differently. But we're not going to give specific return measures, those sorts of things. But the fact that we're doubling down in these efforts, I think, ought to convey the confidence we have in these investments and what they're bringing to us.
Quentin Blackford: Well, look, Bob, I think it's a good question. But historically, I think we've seen opportunities sit in front of us. And we knew they were available to us, but we couldn't aggressively pursue them because we knew we couldn't get patient to the -- our product to the patient once they became aware of the opportunity. So what you didn't want to do is create all this awareness and then be in a back order situation immediately. And if you go back to 2019, we operated through most all of '19 in a back order situation. We came out of that early in '20 which has now allowed us to build inventories and put ourselves in a position where we can start to get more aggressive with these things. So I think it enables a whole lot of opportunities for us to get a whole lot more strategic than where we could historically just because those opportunities weren't real. We couldn't serve the patient at that point in time. Now we can.
Quentin Blackford: Yes. Good question. In 2021, there's about 200 basis points of pressure that we're going to realize from the investments in standing up that Malaysia operating capability. So I think that quantifies for you very clearly what it will be. As we look out into the future, we've said we believe we can get the cost profile to less than $10 per day in a 10-day use case. So think about that as less than $1 per day. Malaysia will certainly be below that, offset by where we're at in the states. So it certainly is a very attractive profile for us. And as we continue to think about ways to innovate there with automation, we're hopeful to take it even further. But that's a big enabler of ultimately getting our cost profile down to those ranges we've discussed both here today and in the past.
Kevin Sayer: Margaret, this is Kevin. I'll take that. The annual revenue profile per patient, we think, is going to vary based on condition and use case. We believe internally, or at least what we discuss internally, is for a type 2 non-intensive patient. For example, even if a full-time use, the revenue per year per patient is going to be a lower number because we're solving a different problem. We're not managing the lives and the health and safety of these patients, but we are making them healthier and we are giving a better experience than they have. And ultimately, we will take costs from the system. As far as what that number is going to be, I don't have a number completely. We have numerous models, and many of those depend upon the final use cases. I've also said numerous times, and I'll stick to this as well, I think the ultimate use case and the way we'll ultimately price it will be for full-time use for these patients. And if they choose to use it less often, that will be their choice. So on the health and wellness side, again, many, many more patients, a lower annual revenue number, but more interactions with more different people in a completely different distribution channel.  With respect to the products, certainly, the core technology of sensing glucose, from our perspective, on the glucose side will remain the same. As those of you who listened to our Investor Day heard when I had my chat with Dr. Peter Atia, we talked about accuracy. And he said it's actually more important for his patients because if they only go between 70 and 120, 20 points off is a big deal. And they'd be making a wrong decision as far as their health and what they eat nutrition-wise, et cetera, within accuracy. So we know that fundamental core technology needs to remain accurate. Where we get into different products is the experience that we create, possibly even different wearables based on the category, different places to receive the data. Then as you look at the new ventures unit that Steve will be working in, then you look at software experiences for patients, data platforms to get data to these platforms better, possibly other things we could sense or measure and add to glucose. So we believe these markets are going to require something different. At the end of the day, one size fits all is not going to work for us as we try and expand and hit the goals we've laid out probably being in the future. We're going to have numerous experiences for these patient groups.
Kevin Sayer: Thanks for the question. We laid out international as 1 of our 3 primary pillars at our investor conference. And as you look at the progress we've made, I recently prepared a speech for the sales guys. We're up 10x where we were 5 years ago from $40-plus million to over $400 million for 2020. And by every indicator, one would say, wow, that is fabulous. And in our mind, as we look at it, the opportunity is bigger than what we've addressed. And we do need to build infrastructure, and we also need to look at doing things more creatively. I think, for example, the Japan partnership with Terumo, whereby we're really letting a partner take our business in that country that is a medical technology leader in that geography is going to be a great business model for us to watch and look at.  In France, we get reimbursement for a group of patients. We will invest some there. But we have other international models we're looking at. We literally break down every country in a type of bucket. There's great reimbursement here. Here's how we need to attack this one. There's no reimbursement here, and we're making plans across all the geographies. Another key investment internationally is going to be our e-commerce platform. We've had great results every place we've launched it, so in geographies where we're not. Where we go, we'll probably go first with an e-commerce platform going forward. And so we're investing on all fronts there. The Malaysia factory is truly an investment in scale for us. It will -- it's going to be ultra modern, as is our Arizona manufacturing facility, don't get me wrong. But we've learned a tremendous amount in building out Arizona that we can apply to Malaysia and really put ourselves in a position to whereby we can go after these businesses. One of the things that we often discuss, as we sit and discuss the what have, should have, could haves, and for a better part, 1.5 years, as far as capacity, we were selling everything we built. With the opportunity now, with the inventory we have and our ops team being able to build as much as they can, we think we can much more aggressively go after these international markets just on a commercial strategy basis as well, and we're going to going forward.
Kevin Sayer: Really, Jayson, nothing has changed. We are operating on schedule. We -- as I said, we completed our first pivotal study. And that certainly will provide us enough data to file for a CE Mark. We do not have enough data to file in the U.S. for ICGM approval, and we're working on that with the studies we have ongoing and it will continue to go on for a while. Much of this is a function of regulatory time frame studies. COVID letting us in the clinics, yes or no. There's still some uncertainty around just pulling off the execution necessary to get the submissions prepared, the abilities of the entities to review it. So we're marching to our schedule. At the end of the day, we've never been more bullish on a product. I've spoken with investigators and patients who run our first studies, and they're -- look, they're done with G6 now. They do not want to wear it anymore, and we told them they have to go back. It is everything that we'd hoped it would be. Anything that G6 does, G7 will do better. And for now, it's just a question of timing, commercial availability, manufacturing. And we're pretty tight lipped on these milestones as well. I'm just not going to lay out the yellow brick road for everybody to know and see and prepare for. We kind of like to surprise a few people.
Kevin Sayer: Thank you. That's a great question. And we have worked very hard to preserve that legacy and that culture and hire the same quality of individuals. I'm actually preparing for our virtual national sales meeting coming up here in a couple of weeks. In 2010, we had 26 territories. And we're going to 260. And of those 26 territories, you'd be amazed at how many of those people are still here. So they are still a big influence on our company, on our culture and training and teaching the new people that come in what's important to DexCom and what are our values. At the same time, as the business is expanding rapidly, our culture has had to change from time to time. We've made moves over the years. For example, if I go back, we did away with having trainers in every territory in addition to a rep, which was different than everybody else in the industry. But we made that move and it proved very successful.  As we go to the pharmacy channel more as we get access easier, the job of our reps continues to evolve and change. And it's our job to provide them with tools to whereby these jobs are meaningful and rewarding, and they want to stay and they want to be with us. And we're working very hard on that in this expansion. And we're being very thoughtful about it. We had many thousand candidates for these jobs and really feel we picked some fantastic people, not only for the field positions, but for some of the leadership positions that were opened up as well. We look forward to meeting with the group and being with them, and we have high expectations.
Kevin Sayer: Well, I don't even know there's a disconnect, Danielle, and we talked about this a lot before we decided to run the ad. And we decided that running the ad, and I'm going to get to this a little bit in my closing remarks. But running the ad, creating more awareness, getting more people on the technology and more demand would actually lead to more accessibility and ultimately lower cost for patients and get more product to them. But if you look at the life of our patients, buying insulin, buying CGM, if they have a -- an insulin delivery system, these people spend a lot of money. And it's a large percent of their income, and it's hard. It's just hard. We empathize with those people. We've done our best with our pharmacy ship, for example. And when we gave some of these statistics at Investor Day, I think somewhere above 30% of our pharmacy patients have zero co-pay. And another group of them have less than $60 a month on their co-pay. So we've done what we can to bring costs down on our side. And we've not only done it bringing costs down, but we've done it while improving our margins. So we've really done the best we can here. We do think it is important to acknowledge the community and listen to them, but we also have to run a business. And ultimately, we felt by making more people aware, we'd have a much more positive effect than negative.
Kevin Sayer: Joanne, I would just say it is a competitive landscape and will remain competitive. We're -- both us, Amit and quite frankly, Medtronic, every -- all companies are aggressive here. We'll continue to push. We've done very well in all of our markets. We see opportunities to do better. We see opportunities for improvement across the board. We'll continue to do that. I think our Super Bowl ad really achieved the result that we were looking for as far as creating awareness. I mean, you heard, 11x more searches than the average ad. We have an opportunity to drive some awareness, and we will do that. But it is a very competitive landscape, and it's not going to change. And we're up for it. We have no problem with that. It makes everybody better.
Kevin Sayer: The way we structure the teams out in the field is very much based upon the number of people with diabetes and intensive insulin users that they see. And that information is already available through the IQVIA data as far as insulin prescriptions in the various territories. And we use that -- those geographies and that data to determine how we structure the territories and where we put our people. The people in their territories will be responsible for all of the medical professionals within that group, and they will continue to do that. I'm trying to think, is there -- if there is another part to his question. Yes, and we structured it similar to how we've done it in the past. We have regions and districts within the sales organization.  We've increased the number of districts, the number of regions from 2 to 4. And so similar structure that way. And then we've worked out a comp plan that we think is very fair for everybody, and our guys are willing to live with. I think the most interesting piece for me in laying out the whole sales force expansion was how it was received by our team in the beginning. You're always wary of that when you start. Instead, the team raised our hands and said, we need more help. We need more exposure here. This is a good thing. There are people we don't call on. So we look forward to it. And as far as time, it takes everybody time to get acclimated to a new position, a new territory. For those who have diabetes relationships, for example, if you hire somebody from an insulin company or an insulin pump company, they can go back to offices they've already been to, and they're up and running quite quickly. For others, it takes more time. And that's why we have our district managers and our regional managers to help with those relationships and train those people. So there is a time. It varies based on the experience level of the rep before they start with us. Some hit the ground running and go faster than the one before. Others, it takes a little time. And we monitor that and we watch and go give those more training that need it. So it will be fun to watch unfold.
Kevin Sayer: Yes. Thanks, Quentin. And let me add just a bit. As I look at volumes and why hundreds of millions rather than tens. As we look at the use of CGM, for example, as a diagnostic for somebody who may have prediabetes but may not be sure as part of the annual checkup, there's hundreds of millions of people in the U.S. who would need that checkup every year. As you look at 30 million people with type 2 diabetes in the U.S., I don't know if my 30 million is right, but it's close. If just 10% of those people went on sensors full time, you're looking at 60 million to 90 million sensors we'd be selling on an annual basis. These opportunities are going to require scale. And we've just made the decision going at this in a manner to whereby we do it gradually and hope we have enough when we get there. It's just not going to work. The opportunities are too big and the investment is required. That's why we've raised the money. That's why we've made the plans. That's why we've designed the product and set the relationships that we have. We need to go after this. And when you look at the size of the investment versus the size of the prize, size of the prize is way bigger than the size of the investment.
Kevin Sayer: Yes. This is Kevin. I'll take that one, too. Their focus will initially be on insulin-using patients who have reimbursement for the technology. The non-insulin users will, in fact, tag along as they become aware, and there are situations where some of these patients who have coverage. On the type 2 nonintensive patient, we've been very clear from the beginning that we're going to go about that -- this market 4 different ways: through programs, payers, clinicians, and then directly to patients. And over the course of 2021, you will see those 4 initiatives unfold as we gather more data and launch more initiatives. And so awareness will grow. As Quentin said earlier, and Steve, a very reasonable number of our leads from the Super Bowl ad have been type 2 non-intensive patients. Whether we can serve them or not with reimbursement today remains to be seen, but we certainly have a database of these names on people we can call on. As soon as we have the product offering, we want to get in that space ready. So I think we're preparing and getting ready for that. More importantly, though, as we make these clinicians aware, they can look for cases where they can make it available to their patients. They can look at situations where somebody can appeal for coverage if they have type 2 diabetes and out of control, and those appeals have been successful. So we're looking forward to going there and -- but these guys will focus on our core markets and where we play with reimbursement, first and foremost.
Kevin Sayer: Yes. We really can't lay that out for 2020. I think the way you'll get more visibility from us, as our programmatic approaches take off, you'll -- we'll be able to speak about revenues from the programs. Additionally, as you look out to 2023, it's my belief and attention on '23, '24 and '25, this will be a product that is distributed through our typical distribution channels, and there will be visibility that way. When we have meaningful revenues to report, we'll certainly let you know that that's going on. But we don't -- right now, these are more investments than they are our revenue opportunities. We need to gather data. We need to show that this works. We need to create relationships like we have at Intermountain Health care, for example, where they're running a study right now to look at CGM in these patients in a couple of different ways. The program we talked about that we ran down in Florida internally is now part of one of our programs where Healthstats is offering CGM to their type 2 patients. Up to this point, even though there's been volumes created here, a lot of this stuff has just been really to invest and to learn, similar to what we did in the hospital business this year as well. It's going to take a while for these markets to develop. But eventually, we'll break it down and report more. But for now, we're just not ready to.
Kevin Sayer: Thank you. I did a bit of math while we were doing this call. This is my 40th call with Steve. And as he moves into a new role, I just need to acknowledge what a wonderful job he's done with our investors over the years. I think back at our calls in the early years, where we'd sit around and go, okay, what is it we're going to say today and what is it we have to report. This company has changed so much over those 40 calls. A marvelous effort and some incredible work, and he'll still be here, but he's going to have some different investors to please, and we're excited about that.  I do want to thank everybody for being on the call today. As you can tell, we remain extremely bullish about our opportunities going forward. One of our executives was having a conversation with me here one day and he said, the way he described DexCom is just as soon as we climb one mountain, we get to the top of it. And on the other side, there's a bigger one, and we start another climb. And I think as Quentin detailed our financial plans and what we have going on, what we see is a great big mountain and a great big climb. And we're preparing to do that. We think we can do it very effectively. We are very bullish about the future. Over the past several days, a lot of the talk has been around the Super Bowl commercial here. And I have gotten numerous pictures, videos, e-mails, text messages from our patients and their parents or their caregivers saying thank you for creating awareness. Kids in school are telling everybody, remember that commercial, I wear that.  And I have that, and this is how I manage my diabetes. We have seen such a positive reception to this, and the positive energy has just been amazing. So kudos to our marketing team, to Nick Jonas and everybody for getting this done. Our hospital initiatives and the new initiatives we've talked about. As I said, there are investments, but now we're getting numerous physicians reaching out saying, you've got to get this everywhere. It needs to be all throughout the hospital. It needs to be worn by the patients when they go home. We can't have them coming back, and monitoring glucose can be very important. We'll continue to go after those efforts. Our new market efforts are very strong.  And last, I'll go to the intensive type 2s as well. As I said, we created some awareness here. I recently had a conversation. I've had several conversations with people with type 2 diabetes absolutely struggling with what to do. What can I possibly do to take care of myself because they just don't know. And CGM tells them. It tells them what to do. It tells them about foods. It tells them about exercise. It tells them about stress and sleep and everything else. And we are really excited for this opportunity. You'll see us have a lot of good things come to pass in 2021 on all these fronts. But thanks, everybody, for continuing to listen. And great day, great year for DexCom and our team. Thanks, everybody.
