Kevin Sayer: Robbie, this is Kevin, I will take the G7 questions. The software revisions relate to the management of the alerts and alarms in the U.S. app. FDA had some questions about some of the things that we have done and put in it. We discussed several options that we had, we decided the best option at this time was to revise the software and file it differently and we have added a few other features to it as well based on our discussions with them. We are in the middle of revising the software for that and have to run it through the complete validation and verification process and resubmit. We are not done with it yet, but we are working very quickly to get done with that and that’s really our big major issue we talked through everything else. We did have a strong level of confidence and we still do in our relationships and our discussions with the FDA and G7. The one thing we figured out as we have been through this process is we changed absolutely everything. We changed the algorithm. We changed the insertion techniques. We changed every manufacturing procedure that we have and completely rewrote the entire app and the software experience, which is a lot for them to digest and a lot for us to submit. If I look at learnings for us over time, I think we will probably do things a little more incrementally going forward, rather as big as this one was and we can get things through faster. But we are in a good spot. We have a lot of clarity as to where we need to go going forward and I will let Robbie handle the growth issues regarding G6, because we are still doing extremely well with that product, not Robbie, Jereme, go ahead.
Kevin Sayer: We do have great certainty on the other components of the filing with the FDA. We have talked through all the other questions and things that we have discussed and we are very, very comfortable with that. So really, the outstanding major item is revision and filing of the revised software after we validated and verified all of that. So we are very, very comfortable with that. And yes, what I did say is we are anticipating a limited launch in the fourth quarter in the U.S. and then the full-on rollout in -- early in the year in 2023. One of the things I said in my prepared remarks is we are very bullish about the progress we have made with the payers as far as getting the G7 reimbursed, because they can see how important it’s going to be for our patient base. So, on the one hand, while we have the delay in the approval and the launch that, look, none of us -- we don’t like to be faster. The other thing we are seeing on the other side is a lot of cooperation in the payer community and just in the channel in getting this thing positioned for reimbursement very quickly after approval, so we can get the launch out and not too different of a time frame on a reimbursed basis from what we expected in the beginning. So those two factors together, again, add to where we think we are.
Kevin Sayer: Yeah. This is Kevin. I will start. Yes. It was record new patients OUS and in our U.S. markets as well, both teams had new patient add records during this quarter. With respect to the rollout of G7 in Europe, what we had indicated was our first rollout will be in the U.K. and we expect we will add other geographies before the end of the year.
Kevin Sayer: One of the best features of the limited launch in the U.K. has been getting feedback on the software and people absolutely love the app. From the very beginning, when you start, it is much easier to fire it up and get on the system and understand what CGM is going to do for you and how it’s going to work. So for a new user, this is a much, much easier experience and much, much easier start. The other thing that’s very obvious in the software is another feature that our patients love, it’s a 30-minute warm up that actually ends up being about 25 minutes once you put the sensor on. I was speaking with a patient just last week and I asked her what is your favorite and what is your worst thing about G6 and the 2-hour warm-up is very frequently comes up -- was what came up and so this half hour warm-up is going to be a feature. But the software itself in addition to the typical graph in the sense of reading in the arrows, we also have clarity data built into the app that gives you feedback about how you are doing over one day, three days, seven days or even a month. So someone can go down and look and see exactly how they are doing and what their trends are, how much time they are spending in range. So it’s much more of a full experience for somebody in their diabetes care and our patients like it tremendously. We will be ready to go on Android and iOS and launch. We are not going to hold either of them back. The other thing with the app, it’s not really on the app, but it’s a feature of this product that’s been very well accepted as well. I didn’t talk much about. We have a new receiver coming. The patients absolutely have loved and are using it very well. And while I figured when we went to the phone in the beginning, everybody would immediately migrate to the phone, there’s a very large percentage of our customers who use that receiver. They will be greatly enhanced in their experience by going to the next receiver with us. And on the good news front as well, that new receiver while a better experience is a much lower cost offering. So I will get stuck there on the app.
Kevin Sayer: No. I appreciate that question. We launched DexCom ONE in Europe and we are launching in the U.K. because there are many reimbursement opportunities. We have not been able to participate in. Our G Series or our G6 and G7 products are regarded as very high end sensors for intensive insulin management, integration with insulin pumps. A lot of pediatrics to share the follow and the other features that have made our products so endeared to our users. The DexCom ONE app has -- doesn’t have many of those features. It’s much more simple and it falls into a different reimbursement category in many of these geographies. In the UK, for example, our DexCom ONE system will literally be -- will go through the pharmacy channel for broad-based distribution and broad-based accessibility for everybody, whereas our G Series, it requires more documentation, more approval and very specific conditions. As we look at these geographies, we think we have an opportunity with DexCom ONE to sell a different product and a different system with different features that really won’t step over onto our G Series that is fully integrated with other systems and offers all these other features. Ultimately, as I said on the call, we want our DexCom ONE product to be on the G7 platform as well as we simplify our operating structure over time, but that will take a little while. And so G6 for DexCom ONE platform we think will do very well and our initial user feedback has been very good. The software for DexCom ONE, I would also add, has been designed on the same platform as the G7 software. So it looks and feels a little more -- much more like G7 than it does G6. So our users will have a great experience there. As long as there are two reimbursement categories, we do not see these two products coming together from a reimbursement perspective. They might look more like physically and be on the same platform once we get G7 enough capacity to transfer to the other DexCom under that platform, but they won’t be the same experience, it won’t be reimbursed at the same rates.
Kevin Sayer: Well, again, thanks everybody for participating on the call. One of the great things that’s happened in the second quarter has been my own ability to get out and talk and meet with people going to ADA and also some other conferences where I have spoken and I have never seen DexCom more respected and more visible than we are now. Our customer satisfaction scores, as I talked earlier, have never been higher, and that’s what you hear in real life. People are absolutely thrilled with the performance of our product and the problem that we solve for them. It’s never been a better time here. We have a number of DexCom ONE launches coming out over the next few quarters on top of that with G7 as well. Both presenting great revenue and growth opportunities for us and our operations are running very efficiently and smoothly. Everybody have a great day and thanks for participating on the call.
Jereme Sylvain: Yeah. Hi. How are you doing, Robbie, and thanks for the question. So in the U.S., look, the quarter here, we had about 11% growth. That’s generally due to some of what we talked about in prior quarters, us getting into physicians’ offices and as those new patients didn’t hit those record levels, you ultimately see that recur on a recurring business model such as ours it plays through. What gives us a lot of confidence for the back half of the year is Q2 was a record and we are back on that record track. We do expect strength for the rest of the year to the point where we expect the U.S. growth rates to accelerate in Q3 and Q4, as we come off of this quarter where we see these record new patient starts. And quite frankly, we expect to have record new patient starts going forward for the balance of the year, even without G7. So I hope that gives you that question. We are very confident in G6, and obviously, we are even more confident in G7 once that launches.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Yeah. I can answer that and thank you for the question. What we saw, and I think, this is -- we have really talked about it is, we found our folks are most effective when they are able to get into physicians’ offices. That’s always been the case and it’s continued to show itself time and time again. And so what we found is, it rises all tides once we are able to do so. But the predominance of where our new patient adds are coming, if you want to kind of see what the more accelerate is, it’s really in the Type 2 intensive space. As we get into more primary care physician’s offices, these are folks we have called on really for the first time as we have expanded our sales force in 2021, getting their in-person has really unlocked that market and that’s what you continue to see. And so now our focus is and we talked about it a little bit in the prepared remarks, now that we are in these offices, a record new patient quarter this quarter, certainly, that’s encouraging. But we are also seeing that all of these tools that have been put in place means every call, every visit, every time we are in the office, we are able to be more effective about what might be the prescribers’ decision making around that particular patient. And through doing that, whether it’s debunking myths around co-pays and what the out-of-pocket is and making sure folks understand the cost, whether it’s the ease-of-use in showing folks that a majority of our patients are able to put it on and use either training online or simple training in the box to ultimately put it on their body. What we are really finding is we are breaking down all of those myths out there and our sales force continues to get more and more effective. So we are going to continue to do that over time and we are seeing that continue to play out as better prescriber patterns, more prescriptions per provider and more providers coming over to prescribing DexCom. So all of those are playing out, which is what gives us confidence for acceleration in the U.S. in the back half of the year.
Jereme Sylvain: Thanks, Joanne. Yeah, I can take the question. So in terms of basal, we continue to make progress there. So as you think about where we are having the conversations, the conversations are both on the government in the U.S., CMS, as well as the U.S. commercial providers. We are having conversations with both and our access team has submitted the data. They have submitted both clinical data, economic data, as well as clinician recommendations and so we are going through those conversations. So it’s been submitted, discussions are ongoing. Timing is hard to peg in all of these, but we are continuing to advance it forward in terms of conversations. So that’s basal, we will certainly be -- as that progresses forward, we will continue to give you line of sight as to how that goes. In terms of other areas, so existing coverage in areas around prior authorizations or otherwise, we haven’t seen a lot of that. Now there are occasionally plans that have a prior authorization pop up or pull out, our goal is to all of the renegotiations that take place to limit those prior authorizations. And as we continue to show how CGM can improve patient outcomes, it’s becoming very clear that prior authorizations, we see payers starting to pull those down over time, a better way to put it. And so we continue to expect to see and keep pushing that, we have not seen a material change in any form or factor. In fact, for the most part, we see them coming down and we will expect to see that over time in the intensive space.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. I can talk about, at least for 2022 and how it operates and we can maybe not get to too much into 2023, but it can help that conversation. So a lot of the guidance and the pull down of guidance is related to currency. So it’s not necessarily related to the G7 and the timing associated with that. So as you look at where we are going and where we pulled that down, currency has, especially outside the U.S., has played a large impact on reported growth rates and that’s one of the reasons why we have shifted and how we talk about organic growth. As you zoom back into the U.S., the G7 delay does have a little bit of an impact on guidance, and so, certainly, we would recognize that we had some impact in there and assumed it would launch. The longer-term impact is really determined on how fast we get commercial coverage and how fast we can roll it out. And so what we believe is by working alongside our coverage teams and trying to get access as fast as possible, and while we are working through getting formal approvals, partnering with folks to get quicker access and quicker coverage, we believe we can work on getting those patients back in quicker and faster to where we don’t believe it’s going to be a material impact on 2023 and beyond. And so a little bit in 2022, certainly it could have a little bit of tick in 2023, but for the most part, we are doing all the work now to make sure that we have a major launch or it doesn’t impact longer term growth rates.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. So I can take those questions. In terms of pricing, and what I’d say is, more channel mix, but the delta between the two, it was about the same this quarter as it was in prior quarter, which is what we had signaled at the start of the year. We still expect to migrate in the U.S. channel as we move more DME to pharmacy that continues as expected and then we had the OUS pricing where we took down pricing in exchange for access. We expected that to run through the end of Q2 before we lapped our strategy. So it’s all gone and aligned with expectations. It was right around $70 million on the quarter. In terms of basal and beyond, look, basal coverage, we believe is out there. In terms of what the pricing is, at this point, a lot of the conversations are about category coverage, and currently, category coverage is already relatively defined, defined in pricing today. And so what that means is it could be the same, but would we be willing to talk to folks about increasing access in exchange for price? We would absolutely entertain the conversation. It have to make sense for us for both the returns that we would expect on our performance, as well as for our shareholders. But nothing to this point has indicated it would be lower. However, we understand that as more and more folks get access, we will be having those conversations.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Yeah. We can absolutely answer that and it’s interesting, DexCom ONE and G7 really haven’t contributed all that much to this point. So, certainly, it’s an exciting future contributor and we are very, very bullish on both G7 and the opportunity in DexCom ONE. DexCom ONE really is in the bell countries and hasn’t contributed all that much, and G7 was limited launch. And so what you are seeing is G7 with a more meaningful launch and DexCom ONE with a more meaningful launch in bigger countries in Q3 and beyond. So what you saw in Q2 was really a continuation of our access and going deeper into countries where we had our G Series and really it was broad-based and it’s a continuation of broad-based performance outside the U.S., really across all of our countries, including Germany, where we do go head-to-head with Libre 3. And so I think what you can say is that business is doing incredibly well and there’s new catalysts to ultimately support it for upcoming periods. So we are very excited about that international business. And like I said, in countries where we are going up head-to-head with our competitor’s most recent product, we continue to do very well and take share. So very, very bullish on our opportunity going forward.
Jereme Sylvain: We already have the software approved for CE Mark in Europe and we do not plan immediately on implementing the changes that we are putting into the U.S. app. We will consider that over time. We will -- we have the app and the software configured to whereby we can launch the product with what we are doing in Europe to sell it and support it there. And if we feel the need to in some period of time, we can implement those changes into the other software and upgrade patient’s apps on the phone, but not immediately, no.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Let me talk about the second half and we won’t get too much into 2023 specifically other than we all have -- with our long range plan is 65% and so that’s the way we generally think about things. In terms of the back half of the year, typically, what happens is, as we go typical seasonality as we go through the course of the year and part of this has to do with who’s ultimately purchasing the product, margins typically get better. Now that was thrown on its head a little bit and as we were launching G7. I mean we had some timing things about when that would launch and what countries that would go into. So what you are finding is, is for the first half of the year, we obviously had a few different unique items that impacted margins. What you are really finding is the run rate for our margin for the first half of the year, absent these was just below 65%. Back half of the year, we expect it to be just the opposite, just north of 65% as we hit that typical seasonality. We will have a little bit of pressure from the launch of G7 outside the U.S. However, that will clearly be offset through the G6 throughput that you ultimately see. And the reason to tick up in the back half of the year in some ways is due to with the G7 launch in a meaningful way outside -- inside the U.S. sliding into Q1 of next year, you do see that performance on that G6 platform, which continues to have nice margins play through over the course of the rest of the year. So we have a lot of confidence 65% for the year even despite all of the macroeconomic conditions.
