Terrance Gregg: Thanks, Kevin. We created the G4 PLATINUM CGM system with the customer in mind through a series of customer surveys and regular CIM outreach and dialogue. One could consider our approach to crowd sourcing from people with diabetes with a focus on the consumer experience influencing our design. It is certainly a sleek slender design for discretion and portability to meet an active lifestyle. When incorporated customized tones and melodies for alert to glucose levels and increased the wireless transmission distance by some 4X to improve data capture, particularly around the house. But we are glucose sensor technologists and the best in the world. We improved the overall accuracy by approximately 20% and by 30% in the hypoglycemia range. Hyper detection, sensor precession and sensor longevity will all improve resulting in exceptional sensor stability and accuracy over time. So that from start to finish sensitive sensor, our customers can expect extremely consistent performance. Initial customer reactions to wearing the product has met or exceeded our expectations. The blogs are filled with positive comments regarding the accuracy, durability, convenience and user friendliness of the G4 PLATINUM. We are now replacing the SEVEN PLUS systems with G4 PLATINUM in the artificial pancreas trials. So you should expect to see those results as early as next week at the diabetes technology meeting in Bethesda. I said it before the launch and I am more convinced than ever that the G4 PLATINUM is transformational and the utilization,  understanding and uptake of CGM as a critical component of diabetes care. We are truly answering the promise of CGM. Thank you and operator, we will turn it over for question and answer. 
Terrance Gregg: Yes the upgrade, we didn't give you an actual upgrade number but we are starting to identify that now and begin to ship out. Our goal Ben, is to complete that by the end of this year, so by the end of December. 
Terrance Gregg: No, no, this is upgrade so you've got to look at those. The upgrade program is for those patients who are in warranty and we provide them an upgrade for $399. Then the next group are patients that are out of warranty and they would be responsible for the whole initial new starter kit. So we've just looked at, so the number is not as big as you think it is from that standpoint. We certainly have a number of immediate requests of those patients wanting to upgrade for $399 in particular. We are addressing first the brand new patients and that was my number of increase in calls of over 50% versus our pre-launch number of patient calls coming in but again our goal is to address obviously both of those segments but first the new patients followed by the upgrade patients. 
Terrance Gregg: Yes, our timeframe would be as soon as possible so we could shut down SEVEN PLUS. I don't have the optics; remind the audience we've been now shipping for less than 2 weeks. Our phones are ringing off the hook and there is a lot of moving parts right now obviously we will try to give clarity as soon as we can, but right now we don't have the kind of optics that I think you are looking for. 
Terrance Gregg: Our belief is its on track for that mid 2013, the commitment that we made to the organization and actually the team made to FDA in a face-to-face meeting recently, that we would file that with the agency before the end of the year like any PMA supplement statutorily, they have a 180 days to review and complete. We are hopeful that based on the fact that this is a supplement to data that they are really looking at the clinical aspects of it. Obviously, not the degree of numbers of more than 9,000 matched pair points that we had with the adult trial and we are not doing the rigor of having to do intravenous blood sampling of these patients, but they should be able to look at that in straight order, and I know that they are very interested in expediting this. They are very happy when we told them that the trial was complete. 
Terrance Gregg: Well, my comment of 50% was greater than on average of what we are experiencing and that was, although we believe that there was a decision by physicians and patients not that there was a belief, we actually were told that by both constituents that they were waiting. We certainly, if you just look at the growth of the business, we have continued to build that customer base in anticipation all along. So we didn't see any dramatic fall off from that customer call pattern. And we continued as part of that call pattern to customer service to fulfill the sensor orders as well and the more starter kits that we put in the market, the more sensors that we also put into the market, so I would say that this 50% increased was truly a dramatic increase as a first part. Second part, I try to caution the audience by saying we are not sure if that's going to be sustainable or not. We have not seen any big drop off, but again we are really 3 weeks into this and so we don't know, we just don't have the optics on what November is going to look like as an example and then of course we again we go into December which is always our largest month regardless and that's kind of a DME experience for all parties in that world. Your third question regarding, do we need to staff up. We are monitoring that, we do have the ability to do some shifting and if you look at kind of the way we train people, we like to have expansive training in the customer service for the patient level, we can shift resources as necessary even involving tech services, one of the beauties of the SEVEN PLUS is that we've seen the number of calls to tech services go down over the year. And we certainly expect that to further decrease in tech services because Gen4 is a better product. And so we can shift some of those resources if necessary. So I think we certainly don't want to add to it unnecessarily in terms of the cost component, but we literally monitor the number of ops coming in every single day and make adjustments for the next day. 
Terrance Gregg: The product is complete, the timeline for approval is just for CE mark approval before the year end. 
Terrance Gregg: I don't have an estimate for the U.S. timeline at this point. Quite frankly we are still somewhat waiting on the FDA to weigh in as to what the acceptable approval criteria would be in terms of performance for the system. And that's something, that's going to be 2013 discussions with the agency is my guess. 
Terrance Gregg: I think we are still in planning stages from what that should look like in, as I’ve said previously and I am sure Kevin and Steve have said previously at a variety of meetings, so here is the landscape. As you remember, Gen4 PLATINUM has actually taken a membrane from Gen5 and moving it backwards. That's why it was brand new PMA. But we didn’t stop all of the work from Gen5 on the hardware. So on Gen5 there is 2 new components basically one is a new applicator and one is putting the brains from the receiver into the transmitter. So I think as you look at 10 days, they are going to marry up from a standpoint that’s probably going to be a Gen5 moving forward with a 10 day trial, and part of it is these trials are not inexpensive. So if you look at the Gen4 pivotal trial it’s probably $2.5 million and you add another pediatric portion to that and I don’t know what that final number… 
Terrance Gregg: Okay, so you are looking at $3.5 million. We want to do that once, not twice. So I think from that standpoint and the fact that in this Gen4 PLATINUM approval there was no requirement at this point from the agency to cause patients to actually remove the transmitter for a restart, and so they will use it as they so desire way - obviously we would like them to use it at the labeled indication of 7 days. But we do have it in our 2013 planning schedule. 
Terrance Gregg: Well, basically they are going to, my expectations number one,  they would use up their SEVEN PLUS sensors. So there is no new cost factor from that standpoint. So what they are going to be looking at is an upgrade to the disposable, I mean to the hardware durable both the starter kit and the transmitter. As we have mentioned before, our average selling price is a little north of $800. So if they are within there and whatever their plan is and majority of our patients have an 80-20 plan. So from an out-of-pocket standpoint, they are probably looking under $200 out-of-pocket for the starter kit and then the standard of what they are paying relative to the sensors, there was no increase in the cost of sensors. 
Terrance Gregg: No, we are not expecting that to be a scenario, in fact even on the - those that were in warranty, we long debated whether or not we should provide an upgrade but again, part of our motivation and Kevin alluded to it, or the fact that we need to get patients into the Gen4 format sooner rather than later because if you just think about the growth of Gen4 we are making more margin on the sensors and that means that we are going to make less margin on the SEVEN PLUS sensors as we go forward. And so at some point, we need to get everybody converted over. 
Terrance Gregg: We are not going to disclose that. Some have filed, we haven't shipped anything to those patients yet but what we did Ben is we came up with an estimate of how many we thought would based upon what we've experienced in the past and that's the reserve that we recorded and so nobody has got a thing yet. We have had quite a few people request it but not all of them and certainly not close to what we've provided for in our reserves yet. 
Terrance Gregg: Yes, I still think we are in that 6% to 7% penetration as a category. I do believe now that we'll reach that whatever that magical point is. I have always said it’s around 8% or 9% within the next 12 months. Based on and in fact, I have been pleasantly surprised more than I thought I would be with the Gen4. We knew it from a technological standpoint that it was an advanced sensor, accuracy, things of that nature. But I think we didn’t or we underestimate, didn’t anticipate some of the features and benefits that would be highly desirable by patients and that may in fact drive it to a greater degree and faster. Based on some of the comments that we're getting back from our field sales people of their ability to get into accounts and drive some of the interest at accounts that were somewhat resistant for its cumbersome and things of that nature that the slimness and things of that nature of the receiver as an example our extended connectivity are really attributes that are more desirable at the consumer level than we anticipated. 
Terrance Gregg: Thank you and I would like to close with a couple of real life experiences with the G4 PLATINUM just over the last couple of weeks that have come in to us. This is from both the health care sector as well as from patients. As an example, we had one resistant physician whose only objection to our CGM was lack of integration with a pump and that’s not uncommon but upon seeing the receiver and accuracy of the G4 stated, integration doesn’t matter anymore and gave our sales rep a list of 10 patients to initiate contact with regarding CGM. So we look at that and we say imagine the day when we're able to transmit directly to a Smartphone with our next generation. We truly opened the opportunities. We have also heard from both patients and physicians that G4 will enable them to use CGM first before moving to pumps. If they move to pumps at all and this has been our philosophy and our marketing message. So it is nice to see that kind of attraction. And finally, from a parent with a family member playing a soccer game, the highlight of the game was his ability to hold his son's monitor the entire game and keep track of his glucose due to the extended range of connectivity. He added, there is a helplessness of watching your kid play an innocent game worrying if he got his insulin correct. And these are the things that I was just talking with Ben about that these are some of the intangibles that are really tangible in terms of driving market awareness and adoption. So this is the power of the G4 PLATINUM and these experiences validate what we are trying to achieve and particularly over the next 3 years as you see this innovation move into a consumer world of how we view the glucose monitoring world. So with that I will close and say thank you very much for your participation today. 
Kevin Sayer: Every day there are new learnings towards manufacturing, but yields are getting better on a weekly basis on our center lines. We turned everything on full blast and we talked about during the call, full scale as we are getting approval. So we learn a bit every day but things are going well. I guess, one of the more interesting learning experiences, Terry talked about the mix of colors, figuring out how many people wanted to buy our receiver that’s call Tickled Pink; it’s been a learning experience for us. We’ve had pretty good demand on the color front. So it's all been good. No major surprises. 
Kevin Sayer: Bill we don't see any one time charges coming in Q4. We believe we dealt with everything now and that was our plan, and so we believe it will all wash through and as Terry said earlier it’s our goal to get all those upgrades in the system on the end warranty program and also those in the 30 days that we exchange, to try and get all that out of the system in the fourth quarter as well so we can get any effect on margins washed out with that here in Q4 and move forward with a clean slate. 
Kevin Sayer: Yes, as I said in my remarks, there is a whole bunch of things affecting them. I mean as you walk through it, we've got $399 in warranty upgrade program for hardware. Obviously the margins on that it's not going to be real goods. So that will effect negatively. Conversely we have a whole bunch of manufacturing volume going on. That will effect positively and we know Gen4 sensors cost less to build than the SEVEN PLUS sensors. So to the extent we can shift over that, we will have a positive impact. We got a whole bunch of factors going in every which direction Bill. So I wouldn't give any more color than saying just, it's going to be an interesting quarter. 
