Kevin Ronald Sayer: Thank you, Steve. Joining me today are Jess Roper, our Chief Financial Officer, and Steve Pacelli, our Executive Vice President of Strategy and Corporate Development. Sticking with our usual format, Steve will review our second quarter 2016 financial results and I will follow with our customary operations update and offer some concluding thoughts before opening the line for questions. But before I turn the call over to Steve, I want to take a few minutes to discuss a couple of key recent milestones. First, I'll comment on the implications of the landmark meeting of the FDA's Clinical Chemistry and Clinical Toxicology Devices Panel that was held just over a week ago. We have always believed that CGM provides much better information for making an insulin-dosing decision than a single finger stick, particularly as we look at the accuracy, performance and features of our current system with Software 505 algorithm. After nearly 18 months of productive discussions with the Agency, we made the decision to seek approval to claim that our G5 Mobile System can be indicated to support diabetes treatment decisions without confirmatory finger sticks. We filed a PMA supplement with the FDA for this indication and our submission remains under review. Earlier this year, the FDA notified us that our PMA supplement will be subject to review by an advisory committee which was conducted on July 21, and concluded with the panel recommending that the DexCom G5 continuous glucose monitoring system is both safe and effective for making diabetes treatment decisions and that the benefit of doing so outweigh the risk. We are obviously quite pleased with the results of the advisory committee. We've said for many years that we aim to replace finger sticks and this is our first step. I'll talk more about the ramifications of the non-adjunctive claim later. Another important highlight from the quarter was the release of preliminary data from our DIaMonD study at the American Diabetes Association's annual Scientific Sessions held in June. Previous CGM outcome studies have had a very limited number of subjects using multiple daily injections, or MDI. DIaMonD is initially comprised entirely of MDI patients and we saw a full 1.0% gross reduction in A1c in the CGM group during the first phase. Furthermore, all secondary endpoints in this phase supported a benefit of CGM use and benefits were seen in all sub-groups analyzed, most notably a reduction in time spent in hypoglycemia and hyperglycemia in the study group. We remind you that this first data set only included type 1 patients. The cohort with type 2 diabetes will complete study activities by the end of the third quarter, with analysis and publication to follow. As we enter into the final phase of the DIaMonD study, a portion of the CGM MDI patients will transition to an insulin pump in an effort to measure the benefit of a more sophisticated and expensive insulin delivery system compared to the benefits of CGM and MDI. That data will not be available until next year. I will now turn the call over to Steve.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Well, certainly positioning us with a replacement claim will help us in the marketplace, because we will be the first with that claim, and patients won't have to stick their finger to make those decisions. And I think it will position us very strongly with Medicare. I got to the question a bit in my prepared remarks about also what does this mean going forward, as once we have a replacement claim sensor, do we have other sensors that are not replacement claim? I think what we really have is the opportunity to change a landscape and set standards that will position us to be the leader in this space for quite some time.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Yeah. Mike, we did say that over the past six months we've added 2% to the type 1 population as far as market penetration in the U.S. So you guys can take type 1 population estimates, multiply 2% and you can figure out what we've done over the past six months.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Well, as we sat and looked at it, we typically are not overly aggressive on our guidance, as all of you know, for right now. And as we look at the second half of the year, we looked at one number and just to get to the low end of our range is about $300 million, which is a lot of sales in a lot of centers for us. Could there be upside? There could be. This guidance that we gave you is very typical and very consistent with what we've done in the past. To get to $575 million from the $253 million are, again, that's a huge number. So we're sticking within our range. We've always said that our sustainable growth rate is 35% to 40%. To the extent we achieve over that, absolutely fantastic. And if we do, great. Eventually, Mike, the law of large numbers unless we continue to add mega, mega groups in the new patient adds and we continue to do that now and we hope to do that going forward obviously. But eventually the law of larger numbers even if we add a ton of new patients, growth rates are going to come down a little bit. And we are seeing large numbers, even this quarter. Our first quarter of 2015 was a number that started with a seven. Our second quarter of 2015 was a number that started with a nine. And so we're growing off a much larger base from the year before. So as we looked at this, we're comfortable with what we gave and if we overachieve, that's great and if we overachieve $575 million to $600 million, that $25 million is only a 3% or 4% overachievement and we decided it wasn't worth going higher than that. So those were our thoughts.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Well, in Germany the first step we did to prepare for reimbursement was to acquire our distributor. That's a very nice company over there and somebody we're very familiar with and who was very instrumental in working with the reimbursement authorities to get this approval. So we needed infrastructure. Obviously, we need to see what the rates are. We are very pleased with how the group defined CGM by saying it had to have alerts, alarms and real time trends. So our product is right in the sweet spot. We are developing, really, an expansion plan over the last half of this year, determining how many field people we will add in anticipation of this. We see Germany as a market in general where diabetes is quite well controlled. So if this product is available in that market, we think we can have a very good impact. It can be a very good growth engine for us. The flip side of that – and the other countries the same, UK, France, any place we can get approval, we can see this thing taking off and doing well for us, as we've been doing in Sweden where we have very good reimbursement. The flip side of that is to continue growing at the rates we're growing at and at the growth that we project, we have to have wins like this. They just have to happen. So we plan for them, and we plan around them, and things fall into place. But that's how we look at it for now. We're very optimistic about it, not much for the rest of this year, but kicking into next year, we think Germany can be very big.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: From an OpEx standpoint, not so much. I think on the sales side, we talked about our customer services and our tech support issues on our call last quarter. In all candor with patients calling with product problems, on top of that not being able to get their calls answered, we created the perfect storm over the last half of the first quarter and even early into the second quarter as we resolved these issues. And so as Steve said in his remarks, part of our return rate and part of the warranty rate is due to increased patient awareness or increased awareness because of the recall. But there was also increased awareness because we didn't answer the phones, and we weren't as good as we needed to be in getting back to people. We think we've overcome those operational issues. I would tell you kudos to our sales force for getting through all that and being able to deliver the new patient numbers that we have and keep us on track with what we're doing. So it did put a strain on us, Jayson, and it was kind of felt all throughout the organization. We think we're past it at this point in time, and now in operations we'll move on, build our new configuration receiver and resolve that warning letter with the FDA over the next few months and get past it completely.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: We need to get it published first and we're respectfully waiting for the authors to – I know they're drafting papers and we're going to get this in a journal at some point in time. We think it'll have a very big impact when we go to payers and present the payers, here's a very, very reasonable cost alternative for the intensive management of diabetes. We can take cost out of your system by using MDI and CGM. We can also take it to physicians who may be of the belief that a patient requires an insulin pump to be sophisticated enough to use CGM. When I first went in the field when I came here, that's what I heard in every doctor's office I went into. I wouldn't put a patient on your system unless they're on a pump. If they can't do a pump, they can't do CGM. We don't hear that anymore, but now we have data that supports, as I said in my remarks, what we already knew. That you can use CGM and take shots and manage your diabetes very, very, very well. So I think it will – it can very much have a benefit. I think it'll help us with payers, I think it'll help us with healthcare professionals. I think it'll help us across the board.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: I got to be honest with you. We really can't hear you very well here. I don't know what phone you're using. Can you get to another phone because you kind of broke in and out for us here.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Yeah, it is. As we sit here today, understand we do have some increases in – again, the increases are typically as a percentage basis higher in the first half of the year because our revenue numbers are lower and we do incur some of that spending up front. I would tell you operationally as we look in OpEx this quarter, we probably accelerated some of our expenditures on the customer service side with respect to head count to take care of the issues we talked about previously. So some of that might be in, but it's not going to move the needle 10% or anything, if you move it 1% or 2% and we should catch up with that in the third and fourth quarters. The strategic spend in the goals should be higher over the last half of the year, but as revenues go up, our OpEx as a percentage, the other cash-based OpEx as a percentage of revenues should come in line. As we look at the end of the year, we should finish quite nicely. We should be okay.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: We've explored that possibility in a number of ways, from a technological perspective with respect to electronics, with respect to software, with respect to analyzing the membranes. And there's a number of ways we could in fact shut sensors off if they required that. Right now the FDA has not required that from us, and I think as we learn more about the performance of the sensor with a non-adjunctive claim, we'll revisit that with the FDA over time. The issue becomes quite simple then, and it's a very good question. If somebody is wearing a sensor on day 24 and they get a bad reading in dose insulin, whose fault is that? Is that ours? Or is that the patient's, or who's responsible? And so there is a risk factor here. Right now we believe our patients are very adept at determining when the sensor isn't working to meet their specifications. So we have not been asked to shut it off at this point in time. We will evaluate it with future technologies. And we'll be fair with the patients no matter what we do. If the FDA said you have to shut all these off at seven days, in all candor we'd figure out ways to make this right with the patients in our pricing models and make sure that they're not harmed tremendously either. We know how important it is to them, and we understand the cost of the technology as these guys manage a disease that just never goes away. So it's something we will always balance. But it is something we've been very thoughtful about and something we've given a great deal of thought to with our future products. As we look at a two-week sensor, quite honestly there's not a whole lot of reasons not to turn a two-week sensor off and eliminate that liability. It's when you're at seven days and our patients, many of them, say these things last much longer than seven days. In fact one of the investigators did a study that showed week two might even be as good as week, or better than week one for some of his patients. So we've been hesitant to do that at this point in time, but we will explore it in our discussions with the FDA and we'll consider it during our business analytics over the course of time.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: I'm just drawing to light the question. Once we have a non-adjunctive claim, are there adjunctive sensors that are still out there? I mean, once strip's got an accuracy standard set, do we have other strips that are non-adjunctive strips that you use another strip to measure to make sure the strip is right? I think we have some very interesting philosophical device and treatment issues that we need to discuss and work out with the agency over the next few months that we don't know the answer to at this point in time. But we will, we'll get there.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: We've been very deliberate in the contracts we've entered into. By the way, this is Kevin. We've been very deliberate in the contracts we've entered into to protect our pricing position. Consequently, we haven't moved as much of our business to the pharmacy channel as we would like to, because we do end up getting in some very detailed pricing discussions. And in many payers where we have a very good DME contract, and we're paid nicely for sensors, it doesn't make a lot of sense to give up a whole bunch of price to move over to pharmacy. And so we're trying to find a way to strike that balance and maybe even strike a balance where our business model changes a bit over time, where we might get into a subscription-type model that's delivered through the drugstore. We have a number of proposals out there that are very creative with payers and very different than what we've done in the past. We just haven't – we continue to discuss them all, but we haven't been willing to give up a bunch of price. Earlier, one of the analysts talked about the 10-day sensor, and Steve spoke about that as well, where we currently bill per day with the sensor. So, right now if the sensor is $70 to $75 for seven days, you can see it's between $10.00 and $10.75 a day on the average. To the extent we go to a Gen 6 sensor and we get 10 days, and we'd be willing to give a day back, pricing wise, for example, that may be the time to really aggressively go after the pharmacy business and use our price as a leverage point. But today we've not been willing to leverage the business to give that up, so it's gone slower than we'd expected. We get warm reception, we have great meetings, but we've not been willing to give up a whole bunch of pricing so far.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: We don't believe it'll be a slower ramp-up. We believe it's something we can control. The key issue here is just defining the parameters around the training and I'll give you an example. This was discussed at the panel meeting actually, when a patient sees a number with double arrows up, there are a number of ways that patient could be trained. There are several models that have been built that suggest if you have a number and double arrows up and you're going to give yourself a bolus, you multiply it by, instead of your typical insulin dose, you multiply it by a multiplier like 1.2 or 1.3 or 1.1. The question is there for that example, do we give that type of recommendation? Or is that the physician's recommendation to give? And where and how do we train patients, or do we train physicians to give that type of recommendation and get out of the way? We don't believe it's going to require a whole lot – it's going to slow us down, but we do need to get this training material really knocked out and revised before we can launch in that manner. But that's the type of question that we're dealing with. And the other one, and I can share a little more detail on FDA discussions here, do we have more specific training materials for our various subsets of patients? For seniors, for pediatric patients, for adults? Moreover, do they need to be trained differently combined with – as this technology expands, we can certainly have a training material set for endocrinologists and diabetes educators. But as we get into general practitioners, because this will expand to general practitioners, how do we train them? And what type of materials and programs do we provide for those guys? Or do we take over the whole patient training for somebody who comes through that channel? Those are the things that we're discussing about training, and we presented our ideas and we're having a very open dialog with the FDA on the matter.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: We'll file our next version of the app before the end of the year, and that app will be capable of receiving insulin data. The question becomes then what devices can communicate with that or does the patient enter that on their own? But that app will be filed before the end of the year.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Well, I'll start. Steve, Jess, anybody want to jump in? From a market share perspective, based on the independent data we read, we already have 70% share. So that's a pretty good, healthy position as we sit here today. And we don't have a fully-integrated pump that can regulate insulin delivery to attack the rest of that marketplace. So we feel we're in a very good market share place as we sit here today. What we really hope to drive is continued market expansion and continued use of CGM. With respect to infrastructure, there is going to be a lot more – there is going to be more put in place. But please understand, we've been laying the ground for this for quite – groundwork for this for quite some time. For example, with the G5 Mobile System, the user guide is part of the app. And so, even though there's going to be training, you still don't have to get that 600-page user guide in a box. You can go to the app, and you can touch a screen, and you can get help on what you need, including access to training videos that can talk to you and tell you exactly what to do with the system. So the groundwork is in place. It's going to be different training and different education than medical devices have experienced in the past. And we're pretty excited to be at the front of this.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: I think these have been relatively consistent. I did enjoy the question about the receiver recall issue. I would tell you with respect to the patient behavior there, in reality what we got more was angry patients who couldn't use the system, then we got patients who dropped off and they were very happy as we solved the problem. I think utilization continues to be a mixed bag, but it's not really consistent. For example, people with – there are many people with great insurance who would gladly – their insurance company replace their sensor every 7 days, who still wear it for 14. There are others who can barely get 7 out of them. I think people use it as long as they can. With respect to new patient characteristics, the one thing we can give you, and this is what we gave you earlier in the call, we felt it was very important to flip the patient base on the new patients from predominantly pumpers to predominately MDI patients because that really reflects the type 1 market. And, again, saying that over 60% of our direct new patients, our multiple daily injection users shows that we've been very successful with this message and that CGM first is truly resonating with everybody.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: We are studying that right now and I don't have a perfect answer for you. Some of the options have been presented to us as partners. Some of the options we've considered are a totally separate sales organization, contract sales organizations. We've considered a number of options and we'll continue to explore that as we get these products ready. The one thing that we have learned and what we've spent most of our efforts on in the type 2 market over the past several months is just seeing how this technology will work. And let me tell you, type 2 patients, even those not using insulin, when given this feedback learn what to do with their health and learn how to take care of their diabetes. It's a win. If we can get the cost structure the way we want to and the product the way we want it configured with our partners at Verily, we think this is a home run. So the distribution will be every bit as tricky as the technology, we just – we're getting the technology there first. That's kind of how we roll here at DexCom.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: It's a combination of all of them, Erik. I think the DIaMonD study will be very helpful. We have not rolled the DIaMonD study out in mass to the payers yet because we're waiting for publication, and we want to get the type 2 results in there as well because if we can get the insulin-using type 2 patients, that will also help our business. But we are going to have to show ultimately that this system saves the payer more money than it costs them when all said and done. And I've been on a couple of payer calls recently, personally, because I want to better understand this dynamic and our team is very, very good. But it's interesting, got strong three curveballs in one last Friday that we – I just – and I turned to them after we're done. I said, is this how this works? And they go, pretty much every time. So it – nothing is simple. I personally believe it's a requirement to make getting CGM easier for our patients and I would love to do that with the pharmacy model. We will explore other models, as I mentioned on the call, if we could come up with the DME model, that's a subscription-based model, that would be great. I can tell you there are some payers, I won't name them all, but there are two or three of them where we have a DME relationship and it is clockwork. We get a patient's name and they're on the system in a matter of a week. We have others that can drag this out for two or three months. In DME, we have some of our pharmacy contracts that happen very quickly. Your prescription goes into the drugstore and you get the product. We have others that go through a pre-op that take a lot of time as well. Ultimately, it's the consistency of the approval process and the reimbursement process that's most important to us, and we felt two years ago that the most consistent way we could do this was through the drugstore. And I would tell you, I probably still feel that way as does the rest of our team because this is a product that patients use every day and they should be able to go get it without the hassle they go through now. Conversely, we have to manage our finances, and we have to manage our top line. And we've got a business to run to offset that with. And we haven't been willing to give up a whole bunch of price to make a mass move over to the pharmacy, because where we have a direct contract with the payer, they have a price for our product. And we start from there, and often times they want to go down. And so we've held the line steady. Over time Gen 6 will help us lower costs. Electronics will help us. Disposable transmitters will help us. Hopefully the thing going straight to the phone and avoiding the receiver altogether can help us. We have initiatives all throughout our product pipeline that will be very helpful in this regard. And so I don't doubt that we can get there. I think it's just taking more time than we planned.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: You know what, as you can tell by this call, things are very busy here these days. And we continue to believe that we're merely scratching the surface of the opportunity in front of us with this technology to change lives. Many of you heard the testimonials at the recent FDA Panel Meeting. They moved everybody in the room nearly to tears. This device changes lives, and that's what inspires us to come to work and do what we do each and every day. Thanks for listening and taking the time. And we'll talk to you next quarter.
Steven Robert Pacelli: Yeah. Ben, this is Steve. I'll take this one. We're not going to break out in our full-year revenue guidance what portion we're attributing to international. I mean it's been running around that 15% range. Don't expect that to materially change until we really see the impact of reimbursement. And as we kind of mentioned, we don't think that – we're still working through details in Germany. We don't think that we're going to start to see a meaningful impact until sometime next year. The hope, though, is we could see some additional – we've talked before about potential for reimbursement in France, potential for reimbursement in the UK. If we can see some movement there in the back half of this year, then we may be able to get some impact and some contribution in 2017 from – more meaningful contribution from those countries as well.
Steven Robert Pacelli: It is. But there's still a couple procedural there. First, it needs to be ratified by the German government. And then we need to negotiate pricing. We still don't have a price attached to the system. We then actually still need to go really on a – much like the regional Medicare payers, we need to go region by region to negotiate. My understanding is to negotiate individualized contracts. So that's why we're not suggesting this is a flip of the switch immediately, even if we get the pricing established and get the formal approval. It's going to take some time to get the infrastructure put in place.
Steven Robert Pacelli: Yeah. So we're not going to answer the latter. We use kind of a range between 1.3 million and 1.5 million when we do our modeling.
Steven Robert Pacelli: I think it will be incremental steps, but I will tell you one positive note. Bigfoot put out a press release, I believe it was just last week, announcing that they've initiated clinical trials on their system. I'd like to defer – because Tandem and Insulet are both public companies, I kind of want to defer to them on their timelines, because they speak to their timelines during their calls. But, I would comment kind of broadly speaking that we believe our partners generally are making excellent progress, Animas included. And so without being specific, I think it is likely that the 670G will be a commercialized product before one of our partners had something that's specifically competitive. But I think you'll be pleasantly surprised that it wouldn't be too far behind the Medtronic before at least one of them has something that's competitive out there.
Steven Robert Pacelli: Yeah. I do. I think we're still a little frustrated. I mean look, it's kudos to our R&D teams who are able to innovate and iterate as quickly as they do. I think our sense of frustration somewhat comes from the fact that we're able to turn new products at a much more rapid basis than any of our partners. But I'm pleasantly surprised with some of the progress that they've made and I think look, we're going to see competitive offerings in the marketplace sooner rather than later.
Steven Robert Pacelli: I'm guessing somewhere maybe slightly under 20% of patients using, between us and folks using the Medtronic system.
Steven Robert Pacelli: Yeah. So the only thing I would add is on the – would be on the Medicare front from a competitive perspective, that Medicare today is telling us they're requiring a non-adjunctive claim before they'll cover the products to the extent we obtain the non-adjunctive claim, and we have some period of time where we might gain Medicare access without – in the absence of competition, that can certainly give us an opportunity to capture some patients that no one else would be able to capture.
Steven Robert Pacelli: No. I don't think we – we're not going to give you a specific attrition rate, but I don't think we've seen any meaningful uptick in attrition as it relates to the receiver recall issue. On the Medicaid side, quite frankly the last numbers I've heard is we're somewhere north of 25 states, but honestly I didn't – somewhere right in that range. I haven't updated with our folks in several weeks now, so let's go with around 25 states.
Steven Robert Pacelli: No. I guess typically European pricing can be slightly lower. But, our pricing today on a cash free basis and even pricing, for example, in Sweden where we have reimbursement, is quite positive. So...
Steven Robert Pacelli: Yeah. I guess the only other comment I would make there is remember that the revenue DexCom as we go direct to some of these markets like Germany, we're cutting out the middle man having a distributor. So it's all, from a contribution perspective, it's way better for us.
