Kevin Ronald Sayer: Thank you, Steve. Joining me today are Jess Roper, our Chief Financial Officer, and Steve Pacelli, our Executive Vice President of Strategy and Corporate Development. Before I turn the call over to Steve to review our detailed financial results, let me start off with some highlights. At the JPMorgan Healthcare Conference in January, we announced estimated Q4 and full year 2015 revenue of approximately $129 million and $400 million, respectively. We actually ended the quarter at a record $131 million and ended the year at $402 million. To put this into perspective, our 2015 revenue of $402 million is a ten-fold increase of our full year 2010 product revenue of $40 million. And what we did not disclose at JPMorgan, but I'm pleased to announce today, is that for Q4 2015, we are profitable on a GAAP basis. We also grew our global installed base to an estimated 140,000 patients to 150,000 patients, almost doubling the size of our worldwide patient base during 2015. Needless to say, we're quite pleased with our 2015 performance. More from me later. I'll now turn the call over to Steve.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: We can do a lot of those things, Ben. The question is, what do we do timing-wise versus the G6, which we are going to, as I said earlier, submit the IDE on. We can move technologies into that or put them in the other product, and we evaluate that as we go. So for today we're planning on keeping the G5 Mobile app similar to what it is and adding a few features to enhance it without adding a bunch of advanced algorithm and prediction. Most of that is scheduled for G6 at this point in time.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: I don't have an answer to that last question, Ben. We're studying that rigorously as we prepare our future product offerings, particularly our Google product offerings we tend to launch here at a couple of years. With respect to the dosing claim, we've had activity going on for a long time and that activity is heating up, and we are going to get some clarity on things over the next few weeks. I'm not going to go into the detail as what those are, but by the time we get to the next call, we should have a very clear path on the non-injunctive claim to present to you guys.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: You know what, I'm not going to answer that. We've considered shut-off features all the way back to SEVEN PLUS, so we'll take that into consideration and give more color on Gen 6 as it gets closer to market.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: I think what Steve said is our new patient pipeline is more robust than it's ever been. With respect to seasonality and patient reorders, Mike, it's very much the same as it's always been and will be sequentially down, as we said at the conference in early January. I believe we used the number 15%. It's approximately down about 15% from what it's been and that's very consistent with what it's been in other years. So while we have more patients in the pipeline, that growth is necessary to have the quarter that we expect to have.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: We're saying that that's where our big increase is coming in the first quarter, up to this point in time, yeah.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Our IDE submissions typically get approved very quickly, Mike, because we've had a number of discussions with the agency before we submit them. So they're seeing something that they're expecting. I can tell you, as the IDE stands now and that we'll give more explicit detail on the next call, this will be the most rigorous study we've ever attempted by a long ways. And so while the FDA is very cooperative as far as getting things through and helping us, they're not making it easier to get CGMs approved. So this will be a very rigorous study once we get it out there and get going. But it'll be filed very soon and we hope to start in the second quarter.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: I think we've said all we've got. We need this non-injunctive claim to get to CMS. That's really our first step on the administrative side. And the FDA's been very helpful. It's been a very interactive discussion. And as I said on Ben's question as well, we'll have a lot of color on that next quarter because a lot of things are coming to ahead of the year for our agency discussions.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Brooks, our perception continues to evolve, and we're doing a lot of market research. The one thing that we've learned about this market is it's not going to do us any good just to display a number and say, here you go; that we're going to have to really give patients the ability to learn from the system that we provide and provide interactive suggestions like, okay, you exercised today. Look, how much better you did. And that's the type of system interface that we're going to develop to address that market, again, which is different than what we have now. Just flashing a number on a screen isn't going to be enough, particularly for those that aren't using insulin. I would maintain that intensive insulin-using Type 2 patients can have the exact same experience as our Type 1 patients have today. So it's been a very interactive process. I would tell you, with the Google guys, in particular, or Verily, as they're called now, their fresh approach to things, coming from a non-medical device industry, has been refreshing for us and caused us to think very differently. Conversely, there's some things about medical devices that we've taught them, particularly with respect to PMA filings, that they weren't aware of either. It's really been a wonderful partnership, and we think it's going to produce amazing results over time.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: This is Kevin. I think the first pass product won't really affect the G6 sensor because it's going to start the trials, like I said, in the second quarter. Over time, Google electronics could very much be incorporated into a future transmitter offering if that improves technological performance and reduces costs, so we could conceivably use their electronics in some future configuration of G6 in addition to these specific Google products. As far as contributing to our earnings or our sales, certainly nothing in 2016, and more than likely nothing in 2017. I think that really starts off in 2018 when we launch our first product. And the milestones are really two big ones. There's our first generation product, which we're working on, but our second generation product – which we're also working on with Verily, and the second generation product we've shown pictures of; that's turning the CGM transmitter literally into a Band-Aid-sized electronics configuration that a patient can peel off and throw away, that'd be very cost effective and that's the end game here. That's what we're shooting for every day because we know that's what patients want.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: The insertion system will definitely be a back of the year event, and it's important that we explain a little bit. When we switch to the new insertion system, we're changing everything we do. We've used the current insertion system since we started way back when. That's been our insertion system since our first product was launched. So when we changed to the new insertion system, we don't take this lightly. We're going to swap out every mold. We're going to have to change our manufacturing assembly processes and everything. This is the biggest change operation we've ever undertaken. So it will be a back half of the year event, the insertion system, and more than likely it will be a phased launch as we do that. But our feedback has been remarkable on the system because it's basically peel the tape, put it on your skin, push a button, and you're done. Patients really, really love that. With respect to the new receiver, it will be a touchscreen device that is still a DexCom configured receiver, and it will have a patient interface much more similar to the G5 Mobile app. And so it's designed to have a better patient experience and interface. It's also designed to be more durable, and to be very durable with respect to patient wear and dropping receivers and stuff like that. So we're looking forward to getting that product out there. Patients will very much like it.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Yeah. I'd just add, Jayson, with respect to Type 2 patients that's as much a function of reimbursement coming in as it is going to the phone. But as far as appealing to patients, I would tell you we are appealing to a broader base of patients by going to a phone. Not just those necessarily, as Steve said, that physicians would recommend and push them there, but it would also appeal to those when they hear about it and see things in our DTC campaigns going, hey, if this goes to my phone, I might be interested in this. So I think we're appealing to a broader base of patients.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: It's too early. It's absolutely too early. And we do have our jet zooming over us as it does in every earnings call, so I'll let the jet go by. It's too early to tell. The product hasn't been out that long, and as we do in every fourth quarter, shift so much the last month of that quarter. We'll certainly have the tools to give a better indication of utilization and patient retention as all this data is coming to our servers. And we are starting to build the analytics platforms to really go after and analyze this and the build the business cases to understand our business much, much better with all the data coming to the servers. I think we'll provide more clarity in the future. Don't have a lot yet.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: I don't think we have broad enough coverage to stimulate a bunch of benefit in a pharmacy channel. And I think in most cases what happens is we'll approach healthcare professionals and say, we have great coverage under these plans or there's pharmacy benefit. Do you have a lot of patients who have pharmacy benefit who could use this? And we'll get few patients who do it. But by and large, again, a lot of our demand is coming directly from patients. They see an ad, they're not saying you can get it at your pharmacy; they're seeing what this system does for you and your life, and how it enables you to better manage your diabetes.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: This is Kevin. Obviously, we'll certainly use the recent AACE guidelines in our campaigns. Nothing could be more compelling than saying the physician group who takes care of you recommends that most of you should use CGM. So we will absolutely use them, and we're thrilled with those guidelines. With respect to patient awareness, I think it's increased dramatically. Just look at the new patient ads we had this year. As we said in our prepared remarks, we pretty much doubled the side of our patient base in 2015. It took us from 2005 to 2014 to get to one point, and we doubled them in a year, or at least came pretty close to doubling it in 12 months. So obviously, awareness is rising rapidly in the patient community and the physician community, because you can't bring the patients in without healthcare provider support. So I think our efforts to increase awareness have worked very well across the board and the reason those increasing – that increasing awareness has worked is because the product does. It really delivers what we promised with respect to accuracy and performance, and it changes and saves lives. So you have a case where a product has met expectations and people are willing to sign up for another experience.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: It's still pretty limited. We have some plans who have agreed to cover the Type 2 intensively managed patients. We need more data.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: This is Kevin. It's going to take a clinical study, and a large clinical study more than anything else. We have some studies that are being run where there are some Type 2 patients, parental and dependent. And there are subsets of populations in many of our studies. We're going to have run some bigger ones to develop a better data set, and show the payers. Another thing that we've proposed and we'll pursue with our reimbursement team, we'll go to payers directly and maybe offer to do some things in their population, to show the cost effectiveness in this. But those programs really haven't been developed. A lot of them are in the idea stage, and we'll crystallize those. We'd be a little more aggressive throughout the year.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: We're certainly going to run it through the first two quarters of this year. And then we will go back and analyze the returns on that. We obviously know how much we've spent. We also know how much we've increased the leads that we've generated through our digital media, and the increase has been absolutely wonderful. We're very pleased with that. So at the end of probably about a nine-month period, we'll step back and analyze and decide where we go from here. But so far, the results have been great.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Yeah. All that being said, we will have to pick some phones to talk to. We cannot possibly talk to all of them. And I think when we offer the Android platform, I think it will be a tremendous benefit to our patients, because I have gotten a few not so happy letters from patients saying, I would love to use your system, but I'm not ever going to do it until you get me an Android phone. So I think it will be a great benefit and another – when you grow at the rates we grow at, every positive event is just a catalyst that helps you to continue to perform, and I think this will fall right into that bucket.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: We've certainly worked and talked with several Android manufacturers to learn the intricate parts of those phones. I can tell you they're all not the same, even though they all run the Android operating system. We've learned that their interaction with the Bluetooth LE (53:45) interface may differ a bit from phone to phone. And that's one of the reasons we've taken so long to get this app filed. We want to make sure it works consistently across the board over those platforms which we choose to support.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: You know, Erik, and I'll go back to what we said back in the Pediatric days. Everybody said, what kind of boost are we going to see from Pediatrics? So, obviously, we've gotten a boost because we've been growing above our projected rates of 35% to 40%. But in all reality, you've got to get things like this to continue to grow a business the way that we are. So it just kind of falls into line, and we expect it, we plan for it, and we'll deal with it.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: The DIaMonD study is our biggest data request that we have coming up. We should have data from that study available in the second half of 2016 to help drive this message. And that'll be good for us. There's also a very large study in Sweden going on using CGM, and we should have very good data on those patients as well. So we'll have some CGM cost data out with those two studies. I think all medical devices are going to have to fall into this category more than we have in the past to justify our existence. And the beauty of ours is we know that we win. We absolutely know that you're going to save money if you use CGM. Just avoiding one hypoglycemic event where you're hospitalized saved the system $15,000 to $20,000, and for a number of our patients those events happen frequently. And then obviously, the A1C reduction and reduction of complications, which is tougher to measure, because it takes a longer period of time. But all those things happen. So we're very confident we can build a very good cost-effective case with CGM.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Well, both CGM and insulin pumps add cost to the system. Anything you add for treatment adds costs. What we believe we can show, in the DIaMonD study, is those patients who have multiple daily injections can achieve very good results with their multiple daily injections and using the CGM. Then we go to the additional benefit and the additional cost savings if we add new insulin-delivering methodology to the system. And, look, we're all going to be fighting for dollars over time in reimbursement. We want to be the first choice. We want to position CGM to be the first thing the physicians pick and the payers pick to intensively manage people who are using intensive insulin therapy. Because we believe it's the most important that they know their glucose values. And then whatever they choose to do after that certainly will be a function of payers, clinicians and everybody else. But it's our job to position CGM first, and we believe it is the most important tool.
Kevin Ronald Sayer: Thank you very much and we appreciate everybody's participation today. Reflecting back, 2015 was really an amazing year for this company. The things that we've done, the advances we've made in technology, in connectivity, in reimbursement in moving to the pharmacy and our partnership with Verily are going to shape the future of the diabetes industry for a very, very long time, and our future could not be brighter. I got a recent note from a patient and he wrote and he said that, first of all, he said I can't imagine as a parent how any child could be managed without this system. And he said you have turned the treatment of my son's diabetes from my worst nightmare to simply an annoying headache. Now, while we're happy that we could move him out of the nightmare category, annoying headache just isn't good enough. We're going to get rid of the headache, too, and we're going to make people's lives better and continue to grow the business. Thanks, everybody, and have a great week.
Steven Robert Pacelli: Yeah. I would just add, some of that algorithm development is not exactly linked to a sensor. We've talked in the past about not tying ourselves down to G5, G6, G7 iteration; some of the algorithm work that's going on is kind of independent of the specific sensor platform, so.
Steven Robert Pacelli: And remember, 70% of our business is consumables, and those were largely reorder patients, so those patients who stocked up in Q4 typically aren't reordering yet.
Steven Robert Pacelli: Sure. Let's talk about the mix first, and then I'll comment on the Medtronic comment. So our mix has historically run somewhere in the neighborhood of 60% to 65% pumpers, and the balance, MDI patients. I would say we've started to see a slight shift in favor of MDI patients. And I would also tell you that if you asked the same question in a couple years from now, the hope and the plan is that that balance would shift, that you'd probably see something more like 60% MDI patients and 40% pumpers, frankly, more reflective of what the – this is in the U.S. in particular – more reflective of what the U.S. base would look like. As for stealing Medtronic patients, I'd say the – couldn't be further from the truth. Our patients are generally – the vast majority are new to CGM therapy. We do have some handful of patients who choose to wear a Medtronic pump, but who also wear a DexCom sensor. But I would say, in our portion – that 60% to 65% of our base who are also insulin pumpers, the vast majority of those are wearing an Animas, an Insulet, or a Tandem pump, not a Medtronic pump. And the short answer is no. We're not in any way stealing patients from Medtronic as a big growth driver for the company.
Steven Robert Pacelli: Yeah, I mean, I would tell you that obviously the biggest benefit is certainly connectivity directly to a phone. The patients love not having to carry a separate receiver and have the convenience of having it on their phone. That together with the Share platform, which, as you know, we launched with the G4 PLATINUM System by continuing to have that ability to share data with caregivers. I would say, we continue to see and just looking at some of the initial data on our direct-to-consumer campaigns, we're certainly seeing success in driving awareness at the patient level, more so than at the clinician level. So we're really – we're continuing to see – we've said in prior quarters that the biggest driver for our growth has been patients referring to other patients, patients – parents of patients and caregiver or loved ones. We're continuing to see that, and I think our DTC campaigns are really adding to that push. But I think the launch has gone great. As Kevin mentioned in the prepared remarks, we've learned a lot about going directly to a consumer device like a mobile phone. And there are some challenges there, and we've got some things that we're going to work on over the next several quarters, but by and large, the reception has been remarkable.
Steven Robert Pacelli: Yeah. So we don't have great data, but the estimates that we've seen range from, kind of on the low end, like 15% of the Type 1s in the U.S., and I've seen as high as 25%. So there's certainly – no matter how you slice it, if you think there's 1.3 million to 1.5 million Type 1s, you're looking at hundreds of thousands of Type 1 patients who are in the Medicare-age population. And then the other – we have, I think, the other big opportunity with Medicare over time is the intensively managed Type 2s, because as Type 2s progress in their disease state, they move from starting out trying to manage with diet and exercise may be at a younger age, but by the time they reach the Medicare age population, many of them have progressed to the point where they're taking not only a long-acting insulin, but they are taking mealtime insulin injections as well. At that point in time, they become perfect candidates for CGM. The other fact that we know that over time people who have had Type 1 diabetes for a long number of years develop a condition called hypoglycemia unawareness. They actually lose the ability to detect an oncoming hypoglycemic episode. So again, this happens in folks over a long period of time, and so you start to think about people who have lived with Type 1 and are now entering the Medicare age, these are the same folks that may be having that issue with hypoglycemia unawareness. We think there's a great opportunity for those patients as well. So it is an exciting potential catalyst for us.
Steven Robert Pacelli: Yeah. So we've always said that we've agreed to do a minimum of two products with Google. We've always said that the first product is really a – it's going to leverage, frankly, much of the technology that we already have today, some of the Gen 6 sensor technology, some of the more advanced algorithms that we have, some of the initial prototype miniaturized electronics and batteries and things that Google kind of brought to the table when we first started talking about working together. It's really that second generation product that we've shown in some of the slide presentations that begin to look more like a tiny bandage on the skin. Certainly, we'll continue to pierce the skin, but looking at really taking costs out of the system, making it truly minimally – so minimally invasive for patients that there be, really, we've eliminated all the objections to wearing it. That doesn't come until the second product, which is probably four years or five years away.
Steven Robert Pacelli: That is what came out of the AACE Consensus that we definitely see benefit there, but we need more data.
Steven Robert Pacelli: Yeah, that's a great question. So, I'll tell you. We have reimbursement today in Sweden. We have Switzerland and the Netherlands. And honestly, Sweden is one of our largest countries which is probably shouldn't be considering the number of people. There's only 6 million or 8 million people in the country. What we're seeing evolve is we're seeing some positive signs in Germany. So we're hoping that the three key ones for this year to look for would be Germany, the UK, and France. Whether we get all three is still an unknown, but I would expect to see at least one, if not potentially a couple of them. And so those are pretty sizeable markets. And then Germany and the UK, in particular, are the largest markets for – would be the largest markets for us in Europe. So that's what's driving this need to make some addition investment. Really, we've said it before, we feel pretty stupid if we got reimbursement in Germany, France and the UK and didn't have the resources to be able to support new patient additions over there, so, we're taking a look at beefing up some – opening the headquarters, as Kevin mentioned and then beefing up some additional DexCom resources in Europe.
Steven Robert Pacelli: Yeah, I mean, Android is certainly an important – I mean, I'm an Android user myself. Android is certainly important to us. The question is really one of, once we file, how long does the FDA take to review it? We think even with our anticipated filing timeline, that it's certainly plausible that it will be a 2016 launch. In terms of numbers of patients, it's actually interesting. We know today – frankly, we've talked long and hard about the price of CGM and where we think pricing needs to go over the long haul. We find that the vast majority of our users today and the vast majority of hits we get on our website and otherwise, are from iOS users. So while we know Android is important, we know that iOS is and will remain to be much more important in terms of a platform. It's also a much more stable platform. It's a much more locked-down platform. So it's certainly easier for us to deal with that platform out of the gate before we go to Android.
Steven Robert Pacelli: Yeah. We're not going to speculate on that at this time. It still remains to be seen, how broad is the reimbursement, when we get the language, what's the pricing look like? There's a whole bunch of factors that we're still not fully aware of. So we're not going to speculate at this point.
Steven Robert Pacelli: Yeah, that's fair. I mean Q1 is just going to be sequentially down because of lower revenues, right, that's the biggest gating factor in Q1. And then, again, as we ramp Gen 5 over the year, you're going to see a little bit of pressure on the overall gross margin because the gross margin on the G5, we're shipping two transmitters, but effectively for the price of one versus G4. So you'll see a little pressure there. And then there'll be some costs that roll into COGS with respect to the new expanded manufacturing facility that could have a little bit of an impact. But by and large, we're not talking, I mean, we've guided 67% to 70%, we're not going to see – there's not a meaningful impact.
