Jereme Sylvain: Thanks, Robbie. This is Jereme. Appreciate that. In terms of guidance, maybe I'll start there and then I can turn it over to Kevin in terms of thought process around wear times. In terms of guidance, we had talked about basal prior to approval if it started in the middle of the year being about 1%. And our updated guidance has us higher than 1%, certainly more in that 1.5-ish percent range, but not necessarily changing integer. So hopefully, that gives you some context to where that's going. Certainly, we expect it to be a market change in terms of what I would say is reimbursement for the longer term. In terms of adoption, we're obviously just getting in those approvals and just getting in the reimbursement. So it's going to take a little bit of time for us to ultimately see how that cadence of adoption is. But you've got our expectations. And over the long term, we expect adoption to be, quite frankly, very, very positive. Maybe I can turn it to Kevin in terms of awareness in the channel and in kind of where times longer term.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Yes. Thanks for asking the question. So you obviously updated the Bridge program. The Bridge program is where a significant amount of folks are taking advantage of it. That price point is a little bit lower at this point. And great news, of course, is the coverage has come in a little bit earlier. And so certainly, we haven't had to have folks take as much advantage of it. In terms of those cash pay programs, we have seen some encouraging initial adoption, but it is relatively initial. So as you see those start to come through, longer term, we think it can be additive, and we believe it will be. In the shorter term, it's really not a material contributor, but longer term, again, Jeff, we're very excited about what this opportunity offers to folks. Longer-term margins perspective, we feel good about the pricing in those cash pay programs. We don't expect it to have a long-term drag on margins. . As you've seen in the quarter, we continue to do really, really well on designing cost out of our product, and we'll continue to work on doing that both with G6 and G7 to where these programs won't necessarily be dilutive to our long-term gross margin.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Yes, I'll start with the volume question first. Well, we're not necessarily disclosing volume specifically in quarters going forward. What we can say is our patient base, if you look at where we were exiting 2022. Our patient base grew in the mid-30%. And so as we've talked about what that patient base looks like when we disclose patients, and we'll do that every year, so folks have an understanding. That continues to play through. To give you some context to the first quarter, the first quarter was a record for new patients. And so our unit volume growth continues to be very strong. So as you compare the 2, we feel very good about our unit volume growth relative to competitors, and we'll continue to feel good about that for the balance of the year.  In terms of how to think about the cadence of the year, I do think the cadence of the year will be a little bit heavier weighted into the back half relative to prior years. That's just given the timing of the basal approval and as that starts to get going. But as you think about Q2, we are -- we do recognize where The Street is today, and we realize that number will have to go up a little bit. And so as the overperformance you see in Q1, certainly record new patients, that will play through into Q2. And so you'll see some of the increase in guidance that is specifically related to some increase in expectations in Q2 performance. So hopefully, that covers your questions.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. I appreciate the question. And that's not what I was necessarily trying to and I was talking about is our underlying patient base is up in the mid-30s. And that was based on the patient base we gave you as part of our kind of pegs we give you once a year. I wasn't necessarily coming on specific volume within the quarter. But what I would say is the volume in the quarter was relatively -- it was robust. It was another good quarter for us, and it was on the backs of a record new patient add. So I didn't want to get into specifics on volumes. What I can tell you, just in generalities around price. Price and volumes do tend -- are continuing to converge over time. That is us moving less from pharmacy -- I'm sorry, from DME to pharmacy, that channel has started to stabilize quite a bit. There is still some annualization going on. So make no mistake, we are still going through that annualization plus we have the -- what we talked about earlier, which is the bridge program playing through. albeit to a lesser extent. So the prices up is moving how we would have expected. So I won't really trying to insinuate that there was an increasing delta between the 2. I was just trying to give some context around a strong, robust underlying patient base for the quarter. So I didn't want to read too much into that, and I apologize if you gave you the wrong impression.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes, sure. It does include DexCom ONE user. So this is the entire group. DexCom ONE is now, and I want to say it's about 12 countries, 10 to 12 countries. I'm trying to do the math in my head across all. It's about 10 to 12. We're starting to really see some uptick in some of those smaller countries that we initially launched. And then, of course, some of the bigger countries where we have coverage like the U.K., we're also seeing some nice uptick as well.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes, sure. So I can answer that. The expectation still is 1/3 of new patients. And as you can see, some of the encouraging things, for example, with the U.K. formulary decision to include transmitters, on there just makes it easier. And so the way easier we can make it, the easier it's going to be. So that's still our expectations. And right now, a majority of the DexCom ONE product is sitting in the EU region. So when you think of geographies, think of the European region, including the U.K. in that as well, where I think you'll expect to see most of the growth associated with DexCom ONE and really most of the growth for the foreseeable future until we can launch in other jurisdictions meaningfully across the world.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Yes, thanks for the question. You're right, Q1 came ahead of expectations. And what we saw was we really saw continued efficiencies on our G6 lines that really played through in the quarter. which certainly is favorable. And given there's a large portion of our base, of course, that sits on those G6 lines that played through. So it was ahead of the full year. We do expect, as more and more folks move to over the course of the year as we're turning on Malaysia, ultimately ramping up our G7 launch and therefore, the throughputs on those lines. We will go through a bit of a margin dip as we make that transition. And so I still expect that over the course of the year, we still do expect the year to fall in line with the 62% to 63% gross margin. But you are right, Q1 came in strong. And I think it just -- just shows the capabilities of our teams. When you give them time what they can do in terms of designing cost out of product on manufacturing lines. We expect something similar to like that to happen on G7 into those future years.  In terms of margin profile, operating motion profile we gave the long-term guide certainly of getting to 20% margins by 2025. If you assume the year was at 65% gross margin, we're starting to get pretty close to there even in 2023. And that just goes to show you the leverage we're building into the business. While we're not in a position to change our long-term guide.  To your question, do we think that there's opportunities to lever this business over the long haul -- we do. And we're putting the levers in place in right now that's part of what we're doing as an organization. So we're very excited about that opportunity. I'm glad you pointed it out. We do believe there's opportunity in this business longer term to continue to generate more profits and we'll continue to work on doing so.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes, it's a good question. It's really a function of timing. So I'll start with R&D. R&D, if you think about this time last year, we were wrapping up a lot of the work around G7 as well as wrapping up a lot of the work on prototype lines for development. And so what you saw running through the P&L was an elevated period of spend. And as you saw it go through the rest of the year, you saw R&D kind of come back down as those G7 costs started to either dissipate or move up into different areas of lines because you validate those lines as much anymore. And so you saw that change happening. Over the course of the year, I would not expect that type of leverage on R&D. We'll still continue to leverage it as a percentage of sales, but it won't be what you saw in this quarter. It's just the inverse for SG&A. So we -- obviously, last year, we did not have a Super Bowl commercial or a G7 launch in the first quarter. This year, we did in the U.S. And so you saw an elevated level of spend associated with that, which we expected in coming out with our long-term guide. It was all expected, but that's why you saw the change.  The other part is you do see the Malaysia costs as we're building up that factory, we're getting closer to go-live and so we're ramping up costs. But until we go live, those costs sit in G&A. So what you'll see is the -- we'll start to actually leverage SG&A a little bit more as the year goes on. And conversely, we'll leverage R&D a little bit less, but it still ultimately leads to leverage by the end of the year across both of those lines.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes, I think that's exactly. I mean, at the end of the day, it depends on what the reimbursement would come through at that will ultimately determine margins. Thus far, the reimbursement has come in generally in line in a favorable manner. Over the long term, we'll keep an eye on what that reimbursement looks like. And then we'll have that conversation to make sure you guys understand where this is going. But all throughout this process, we'll be looking at -- we'll be looking at reimbursed, and we'll also be looking at how we deliver our products at what we to be a lower cost. And so that will be our way of helping manage through that as well.
Kevin Sayer: Yes. Thanks, Jereme. With respect to wartime our best plan of reference is our mobile study that provided the really most important data in securing this approval. Over 90% of the individuals who were sensors during the study they want to give them up. They felt the information was very valuable, very useful and provided them very much a scoreboard and how they can manage their diabetes going forward. So it doesn't progress and they could have much better outcomes. And so we're very confident with the full-time were. From an educational perspective, we do have some work to do in the PCP community. We did a big sales force expansion last year in anticipation of going more broadly, we continue to evaluate our marketing and our full on direct distribution efforts to see what adjustments need to be made to create more awareness. We work very hard with our channel partners and believe we are in a very good position with them to go take on this front. So it's about creating awareness. It's about making it easier for patients to get their product and use it. I've been out in the field a few times.  And the one thing I'm definitely hearing as I speak with a lot of the primary care physicians who are going to serve this market is G7 is so much easier to use and so easy to use versus G6, they view this as a very real and a very strong opportunity for their patients to achieve better outcomes. So we know we have the right product. We'll just work on creating awareness at the proper places to get it out there. But we're comfortable that people will wear it all the time once they get started.
Kevin Sayer: Yes. This is Kevin. I'll take that, and Jereme can add a bit afterwards. On the basal opportunity, remember, Medicare sales process is durable medical equipment, and we have very good relationships with our distributors and in that channel, and we worked very hard to position them to be successful with the basal patients. And so we're very comfortable there.  With respect to our coverage, I think it's important to note our approach here. Our goal is to minimize the out-of-pocket cost of our customers. And by getting all this coverage, we've repeated the statistics several times, 30% of Dexcom users -- commercial users to go the pharmacy have 0 co-pay, and 70% have lower or at least equal to co-pay as our major competitor. Our goal is to get them through and to get them covered rather than rely on the bridging program forever. And our team is very successful and getting us through that. The bridging program is still out there, and it's still open, but many of the customers go to the drug store and don't need it. We've got that pharmacy coverage in place, which creates an opportunity then for them to spend less on a monthly basis, and it's very important to our users. That's why we've approached this coverage very aggressively. In all fairness, we've talked about G7 long enough, the payers were ready to have discussions. We were met with open arms. They're very excited at the opportunity to have this new product and in front of them again.
Kevin Sayer: We are working on all fronts there, Margaret. Thank you for the question. We see tremendous benefit to as type 2 diabetes treating gets more sophisticated. It's -- I was with the physician recently, and he talked about CGM being the scorecard. How do you do this? And how do you aggressively treat type 2 diabetes without knowing the scorecard and what's going on GM offers a tremendous opportunity. It offers an opportunity to reduce or increase medications for individuals who aren't succeeding and bring A1Cs down significantly in combination with therapies. We think it will become a vital part. We'll continue to gather data from programs like we have done in the past. We're contemplating studies but nothing we're ready to publish or announce. We don't announce our studies early on. We like to wait till we get done. But we are contemplating and seeing study proposals that could provide great data. The question is, do we want to go do 100,000 type 2 patient study and it takes 3 years, not right now. We don't think we need that type of evidence, but there is a very strong body of evidence in all of the individuals that we've seen that are on insulin that show CGM, again, provides a great benefit when you're using a DexCom sensor where you can rely on the acre information, and you can use it. So stay tuned on that market. We'll talk more about it in the future. But it is coming. We believe we play a vital role there in spite of all these advances that we're reading about.
Kevin Sayer: No, it's a good question, and it's one we discuss a lot internally. Remember, to start reimbursement with Medicare patients only, and that's about half the population. It has always been our experience that we've got to drive reimbursement from the private payers as well and then through the Medicaid programs also to get extensive penetration and with type 2 intensive insulin therapy. We're now pretty much there across most of the payer landscape. A bit of work to do on the Medicaid side still, but we're there with Medicare and the private payers. So you'll see reimbursement evolve early on, and we get more coverage. And then I think we've got to generate these experiences with these users over time. Danielle, but in a 5-year period, I can definitely see that. And maybe it does go faster because we have such a large group of end users who are going to have reimbursement on the Medicare side. At the same time, they're not all seeing endocrinologists. So we've got a broader base of education with respect to their health care providers that we have to cover as well. So we'll factor all that in as we go, and we'll talk more about it later. But those are all the factors we consider as we look at it.
Kevin Sayer: It will take time. It's not going to happen overnight. Our outcomes data that we provided with the mobile study gives us a good first pass. I think as we see success with users in the United States and we see outcomes and possibly gather more economic data as we work some of these patients. It's going to require that type of evidence. So we don't have -- I don't think we have enough yet personally, the team may disagree with me, but I think we need to develop more. But certainly, it's on the table. And it's certainly something we can now discuss because when CMS approves the policy of this nature, the world takes note. And so we are now getting audiences to discuss that internationally, and we'll continue to push.
Kevin Sayer: Yes. This is Kevin. I'll take it. It's still a relatively small component in our 2023 outlook. We are working with our partner, Terumo, there and with the broadened coverage we'll obviously see an increase, but it is not a material part of our plan this year. We're looking forward over time to getting G7 launched over there. We think G7 provides us a quite candidly a stronger opportunity in the Japanese market with all of its great features. We've grown a bit in Japan, not as much as we'd like. And so as we look at the year, we're looking at ways to go faster. G7 will be one of those. And be a bigger part of our '24 plan than it is '23 substantially.
Kevin Sayer: Yes. This is Kevin. I'll take that. We have a lot of prescribers to go for G7 because it's going to be a very broadly used product, particularly as you look at the basal opportunity we have. ahead of us. We know we have new prescribers we have to gain and we structured our sales force and designed their workflow and goals for the year to, in fact, go after and to go educate those that we need to go to. A lot of the prescribers who are prescribing G7 could, in fact, be new to CGM. What we do know is they're new to DexCom and that's what's most important to us. So if they're new to DexCom, it's 1 of 2 things. Either they're new to CGM in general or they've come after using competitors' products, both of which we view are good. And with G7, again, the excitement in the doctor's office is the ease of use. It is just so easy to use and so easy for somebody to get started on G7 with a 0.5 hour warm up with the easy insertion with a small form factor that we have. If a patient chooses to use a receiver, that receiver experience is much better than what they've had before. We really are getting great feedback on the new receiver and the accuracy of the system. The system, what we're hearing back performs extremely well, and people are very happy with what they're seeing. So word of mouth has been very strong on this product. Our campaigns have obviously been aggressive, but the strength of the product has supported what we've said.
Kevin Sayer: Why don't I start on the software side. We've made significant investments in software. We'll be adding back, for example, the -- we shut the alarms off feature for up to 6 hours in the U.S., certainly before the end of the year. That feature will be added back to the app. And we're looking for a steady stream of upgrades to the app over the course of time. What you're going to see from our software team is continual upgrades and launches on a much more regular basis than we have in the past. Part of G7's engineering was to create a software platform that we could do more with and that we can upgrade much easier than we have done in the past. So that feature will be back before the end of the year, and we're excited for that as our -- as our users.  As far as what comes next, the #1 initiative in our R&D group is to get those extra days of sensor wear out there. As we've talked about this publicly, we've got some work to do on the patch. We have a new patch that we're going to put into manufacturing and it's a new manufacturing processes there, and we have a couple of other programs that we know can extend the life and make it better.  What we struggle with and the reason we started 10 days is we want the appropriate reliability experience for our users and what they expect. By upgrading the patch and a couple of other changes, we're quite confident we can be there. And you'll see that life extended here in the not-too-distant future. It is our #1 priority, and our team is making very good progress.
Kevin Sayer: No, Jereme, I think you've hit it very well. It is a different market, and it will be a different use case. And it's up to us to determine the proper value equation for that somebody is getting what they expect to be paying for. And the problem isn't as severe as somebody is integrated with an AID system.  On the other hand, the results can save the system as much, if not more, money over time. So we're looking at that balance and looking at how best to position our technology in that market. But we're very excited to address it in the future.
Kevin Sayer: Listen, I want to thank everybody for listening today. This was a great quarter for us, record new patients, a great beat on the top line, continued leverage on our -- on the operating expense line in general, based on what we know, given the fact that it's the first quarter of the year, we couldn't be happier here, and it's going to be a great year for DexCom. Thanks for listening. Have a great day.
