Terry Gregg: Thanks Kevin. I'll start my comments by reflecting on something Kevin said earlier. At DexCom, we are developing an entirely new category seeking to disrupt an entire industry. There are some 25.8 million people in the United States living with diabetes, 1.5 to 1.7 5 million with type 1, 7 million undiagnosed and 80 million designated with pre-diabetes. Research published earlier this year showed a 70% increase in diagnosis of type 1 diabetes in children under the age of six during the period from 1985 to 2004. Expanding that globally, over 382 million people are affected with diabetes and that number is expected to pass 592 million in the next 15 years. What do all of these people have in common? They all suffer from the inability to adequately regulate their glucose levels. Why? Because episodic finger stick measurement simply aren't good enough. During the last decade, the number of people in the United States with insulin-treated diabetes rose by more than 50% and today it is estimated that one-third of patients with diabetes use insulin. But as insulin use has increased, so has the frequency of severe hypoglycemia. In fact, it is estimated that approximately 100,000 emergency room visits and 30,000 hospitalizations occur each year in the U.S. due to hypoglycemia. During the period from 2007 to 2011, approximately 9.2% of emergency room visits were for insulin-related hypoglycemia. Severe neurologic sequelae described a shock, loss of consciousness, seizure, associated injury or fall and hypoglycemia-altered mental states were documented in more than 60% of these cases and almost a third required hospital admission or transfer to another facility. With the average cost of a hospital admission for hypoglycemia at $17,000 and 30,000 admissions per year, the healthcare bill for this is over $0.5 billion and growing. Adding to the potential problem, there are over 400,000 new insulin users each year. You get the picture. So why I’m telling you this? Because DexCom is the leading company in the world, addressing the challenges of maintaining adequate glucose control. Finger sticks can't do it alone, neither can an insulin pump. So when you look at DexCom and you look at our current product offerings or our robust pipeline, what you see is the evolution of an entirely new category in the market with enormous unmet needs. We continue to believe that simplicity, patient convenience and expanded connectivity paired with our superior sensor technology will enable us to maintain our leadership position in the CGM market. We are here now investing in tools to make diabetes management less complicated, less burdensome. We are not here solely as an accessory to an insulin pump or as a component to an artificial pancreas. And while we certainly are supportive of the efforts to develop an artificial pancreas, in fact we are the key enabling component of virtually all artificial pancreas research being conducted around the globe. We believe we also have a duty to support the vast majority of patients who either not up to use this technology due to the complexity or will never have access to it due to cost. These patients deserve better tools to manage their glucose levels as well. And we intend to develop products to meet the needs of all patients. There is growing consensus that transitioning to outcomes-based payment is fundamental to driving cost reducing innovation among providers in achieving a financially sustainable healthcare system. Almost everyone agrees that we must migrate from a largely fee-for-service system to one focused on delivering the best patient outcomes at the lowest possible cost. Medical device company such as ours need to be cognizant of this as we approach R&D. We will be successful only to the extent that we generate true cost reducing innovations. We believe our strategic initiatives such as superior accuracy and performance to obtain finger stick replacement open connectivity, miniaturization, and ultimately cost reduction will set DexCom apart. Our CGM first message has continued to change the behavior of healthcare practitioners to help them better understand glycemic variability and how to manage it more effectively. I have stated on many occasions that diabetes is a mystery to the patients who deal with it every single day and have to act dozens of times each day to address the challenges of glucose control. This evolution has never been fast enough for me. Although when I became CEO in 2007, the CGM market was negligible and today is approaching 10% penetration of the U.S. type 1 patient population. I'm of course proud to say that DexCom has a majority market share. Thank you. And with that, I will turn it over for a question-and-answer session.
Terry Gregg: What Kevin was saying was that again, there was a 70-30 split, consumable to durable. But what he’s also saying that we’ve historically run close to the same split within new patients to upgrade patients. Some are between 20% to 30% of any quarter, is going to be upgrade patients. The durable revenue is going to be upgraded patients.
Terry Gregg: There was a bump up closer to 32% of durable revenue this quarter, was attributable to increase transmitter sales. That’s right.
Terry Gregg: Yeah. I would just add to that in terms of the age demographics. Obviously, we continue to push at a level to get reimbursement from the Medicare system and some of these patients unfortunately have moved from having traditional third-party payer coverage to Medicare coverage and that’s around fixed income. There's been some challenges there. But we always look forward to the opportunity to better serve them in the future as well as we push that agenda at the highest levels in CMS, as well as in Congress.
Terry Gregg: And I would just add. Again, when we look at the number of new insulin start some 400,000 a year now, obviously the majority of those patients are Type 2 patients that have for whatever reason migrated either insulin in addition to oral agents who are gone directly to insulin because the oral agents were not sustaining, that gives us yet another bonus opportunity as we look at our product configuration and really build some products in the future directly, for patients with Type 2, particularly those on insulin. But we certainly wouldn’t exclude and the data suggest that even if you are on oral agents with Type 2 you can benefit from CGM.
Terry Gregg: It is at the FDA. And as we said in our comments, we think we are on a homestretch here not going with. We certainly won’t give a data, speak to them. Again, the share system is our first venture in the mobile connectivity. Bearing the receiver inside a cradle with an Apple device and then sending data to secure servers that can be shared with people looking forward your glucose levels all the time. We think it will have a very good impact on our business, particularly in repeat patients where parents aren’t going to follow their children. We talked to a number of people over the past few months whose child has never been on a sleepover, but of course they don’t dare while them leave their house without being able to watch them. Big uptake in that segment, we think it will help us. It will also help us really with anybody you travels or is away from somebody who is a caregiver. We see a very good use for that product. We are not looking for huge changes in our revenue model for this. That cradle itself is going to be about a $400 charge starting out of the gate. Our goal with this is to make a system that will greatly enhance our patient’s ability to manage their glucose, to better care if themselves. And from a business side, sell more sensors. So that is we are hoping to happen. It won’t have the impact as G4 launch, I can quantify that, but it will -- we think it will help us. We have pretty high expectations here. We need to hit it pretty well. So we think it will be helpful.
Terry Gregg: As we talked about Raj a quarter or two ago, we are going to start deferring to the partners on timing. These filings are in their hands, and so I think we will let tandem and analysts speak to themselves.
Terry Gregg: So maybe I think we got to keep more as a percentage of the patient base as we build our models rather than just focusing on individual positions and we want to see the patient base over time of up to 30% of the overall patient base. We would expect the patient base to move from 10 this year up closer to 20 and then move up over to 2 years higher than that. I haven’t gone so far this year is to break it down by physician in the clinic.
Terry Gregg: We think particularly those really young patients cared by their parents are extremely sticky. That’s also been a very good patient group for us even when the product was prescribed off-label. We know what teenagers. It doesn’t matter what the device or the therapy or whatever you tell teenagers to do, sticky is kind of a difficult word, but we do well with them and they certainly do our system. So we’ll just see how it works over time.
Terry Gregg: I understand the flash is definitely not CGM. The flash doesn’t provide the patient with real-time information, doesn’t provide with hyperglycemia work, etcetera. So it’s not really a direct comparison to our product offering. I do think there could be an interesting application for flash, we’re watching it. With respect to the data, I think the latest data presented by Abbott frankly wasn’t quite as good as the first round of data we saw, but we are keeping an eye on it. I think as we said in the past that if Abbott finds a niche for this product particularly and more of a diagnostic marketplace for perhaps for non-insulin using type 2 or something like that, it’s something it could be great to have Abbott help us, help build the category for once. We have done all the heavy lifting in this category for years and years and years. It would be great to have someone else coming in and help build the category that we could come in as a fast follower. So we are keeping an eye and we haven’t frankly -- I don’t think anybody has seen much of the product itself yet. So it’s a little bit early to tell, they’ve stated publicly that they expect to launch it in Europe in the second half of this year. They’ve have given no U.S. timeline for a launch or commercialization. So I think we are in a more by maybe by EASD this year in the latter half of the year.
Terry Gregg: So you got to be careful Danielle when you talk about utilization trends because remember patients are probably wearing it longer than seven days. So there is plan which patients. Even if all patients wearing it all the time, you are still not going to have patients wearing 4 sensors per month. So what we said with G4 over the course of the last 18 months has been what we’ve seen as a combination of more patients wearing it all of the time and reduction in nutrition, but that doesn’t necessarily mean that all patients are wearing, for example three sensors in a month or 3.5 sensors per month. So you got to be really careful about trying to expect utilization meaning sensors per months to go up in any meaningful fashion, patients what we do think is we moved the buckets of patients were before patient might wear it periodically might wear it one sensor a month and take a break, that patient maybe wearing 2 or 2.5 or 3 sensors a month because they are wearing all the time, but you can’t expect utilization in that sense to keep rising because if the patient is wearing it all the time but extending the life, the utilization is not going to go ahead. What we said is that and Kevin said it in his remarks is that attrition trends remain very positive and patients are using continuing to utilize sensors and...
Terry Gregg: I think -- I think, we all believe that there is significant momentum. And I think Steve characterized it and Kevin as well that in the adult population, as an example, when we call on account, they are well informed, not only about CGM but particularly about G4 because we’ve been calling on them for the last several years as you go into a pediatric account. Number one is a new account for ourselves reps for the most part in terms of that they were co-located with an adult pediatric and adult practice and often times we know them but we never called on them. So there's a relationship management that has to be established as well as the technology understanding. So it is a bit of going back as I think Kevin said, not starting over but certainly not the same type of awareness that you have in an adult population. All that takes time, it lakes repeated business by the sales force to gain, quite frankly the trust of their physician population, which we in some cases, it’s a first time business. I mean, when we’ve been out in the field, lately from a management standpoint calling on pediatric clinics it's amazing. In fact because I have been doing this for so long and the most startling thing to me is it’s just like holy cow, they don’t understand this.  We've got to be sure that they understand the basics of CGM at that level in order for them to be successful. So it is literally a step back in time but we do expect that to ramp up very quickly.
Terry Gregg: Thank you and thanks for joining us today. I’m mostly proud of what we have accomplished. You noticed during the course of the conversation, we said nothing about inclement weather having an impact on us. We blew through that obviously and overcame that even when offices were closed and still had a quarter to standby and very proud of the company. And I would say this again for DexCom, we say what we’re going to do and then we go out and execute it. And that’s the best thing that I can say about a company performing at this level. So with that I'll close. Thank you.
Kevin Sayer: We believe there will be higher transmitter sales over the course of the year, Tom. Remember when we launched this, the labeled indication for it is six months. Our transmitters have been vastly lasting longer than that. So there is rise in transmitter sales. It’s actually bit delayed over what we thought would happen. So yeah, we look for that to continue over the course of the year.
Kevin Sayer: Yeah. I mean, one thing I can say Tom is that if we look at what we did in the first quarter. We obviously did not feel much pressure in my opinion from a competitive landscape, either domestically or internationally in record quarters on both the U.S. as well as O-US. So that would be about the summation of my comment.
Kevin Sayer: Bill, Terry and I've both been out on visit pediatric clinics and we are approaching them with the same sales team that we approach the adult ones with. What we both noted is we haven’t been there before. We’ve not been an active presence in those clinics. We've complied with our labeling by not actively pursuing all of those. So although familiar with CGM, there is an educational component as we get parent, physicians, other caregivers up to speed and get them used to the experience in DexCom’s CGM. Even if they prescribed a few, they are not ready to move too many until they get little more experience with us. So it’s kind of like going into new territory, lack of a better example. We are kind of starting from scratch.
Kevin Sayer: You are correct. The first time, we will not share the new patient changes about the guidance between upgrades and new patients. Certainly on the kit side, we’ve said in previous calls that we typically run into 70%, 30% ratio over time. It may fluctuate more on one quarter to another based on deductibles. I think this quarter’s really relatively typical of what we’ve seen in the past. The increase in the durable sales really relates to more transmitters than a shift in new patients and upgrades or anything like that.
Kevin Sayer: No. The things are about the same as what we said at year end. The attrition rates certainly on the G4 PLATINUM system, is much better than it ever was on SEVEN PLUS and we continue to see good reorder patterns.
Kevin Sayer: I think for some of them we will. One of the things -- one of the reasons some of the patients are not upgraded and again, we’ve seen this as we look at the various, eight segments of our population. There some eight segments that tends to drop-off more than other. And some of those who choose not to upgrade may have choose not to upgrade for other reasons and may come back. We see a lot of our patients who had dropped off SEVEN PLUS for years, when we launched Gen 4 come back to us and become patients again and we actually can pose as new patients because we had lost them for a couple years. And so, I think as we come out with our new technologies, again with more accuracy, with more connectivity with surface smaller, I think a lot of the patients we lost will come back.
Kevin Sayer: Yeah, we think we will move up from here, Ben. We were 66% in Q4, with the large revenue number that we hung up there and we are quite confident they will continue to go up over the course of the year. A lot of that is volume related, as we can apply more cost to more stuff that goes out the door. And as we get our other improvement programs in place, our target margins for our sensors has always been in the 70% to 75% range. And while we are running at 64% to 66% in the last two quarters, it’s pretty obvious our sensors are there within that range and we just need to look our ways to keep pushing on that. So we’ve been working on improvements. We are not going to see sequential 10-point improvements like we did last year. But we can see sequential improvements as we go over the course of the year.
Kevin Sayer: We were 67% this quarter and that would speak to the strength of our business and how well we did. We certainly hear a lot of Medtronic 530G noise, but I think our 67% number supports itself. With respect to Medtronic pump users, should use G4 systems, there is a lot of them. It represents a significant piece of our pump patient base. Medtronic pump patients who use G4 sensors and they are very happy, so numbers speak for themselves.
Kevin Sayer: We attempt to get insulin -- any insulin using patient covered in all the contracts that we had entered and we have had some good success in getting that. Type 2s haven’t become a real large part of our business but it does continue to grow. I think the most encouraging thing about the Type 2 business that I have seen in my travels on the anecdotal stories we’ve heard, we have a huge impact on these patients because once they can see, if they are insulin using. Once they can see the effect of the diet and the activities and the other things they do on their glucose levels, they can make some pretty radical changes that have very immediate outcomes. I talked with people on the field who are seeing Type 2s go from an A1C of 10 down to 6.5 very rapidly, are just with changes in diet and activity. And then they get off someday or compounds. So we are very excited about the opportunity and it also provides. It’s just going to take us while to grow it. But it is good. It will be a great market for us over time.
Kevin Sayer: The average as a whole sensors used per month per patient has gone up, but like Steve said that if we think it’s probably because patients are having a better experience overall, we have not seen a reduction in the amount of days people use it across the board. We know people extend to wear.
Kevin Sayer: Well, we have about that a poster presentation at AVA. We’ll be very busy. But and please come and take a look at on that, we’ll keep that under reps. So we get there. With respect to the artificial pancreas, certainly there will a lot of discussions about that and again will be program we’re heavily involve with. With groups that are seeing tremendous result and measurement from our CGM to drive the success of those programs. So, there will be a lot, there will be very busy show for DexCom, you’ll hear a lot about us there.
Kevin Sayer: We said last year that it will be a 10% to 20% growth on the R&D side of the -- on the cash side and we said, we would -- we’ll trying to keep SG&A around 20% on both cases and I’ll be very kind with you, we look at opportunities to spend money, to find growth for the future. As you heard about the build-out of the commercial team over the past 12 months that’s alone went to 20% increase. We manage to keep that down in the 20% range because we haven’t spent very much on the G&A side. But we will continue to make investments, where we think it’s going to grow our business or it’s going to grow our business where we need to. Net expenses growth we will stick to that guidance now. We’ll take a look at where we are in six months and give you a little bit of more -- a bit more. But if you just go back to Q4, the growth from Q4 is very much dialed into the expansion of the sales force for the full quarter and those efforts that we undertook. And on the R&D side, the growth of the R&D expense is very much tight, really just to the share-based compensation that was almost 70% of the sequential R&D growth. So, we’re looking at that and we’ll probably give you a little more update on that spending once we get six months of the year.
Kevin Sayer: Certainly, we’ve got that in there and again when you talk to sequential, you’d be talking Q4 to Q1 versus Q1 of last year. We’re going to compare Q1 of last year to Q1 of this year. You need to go back to my remarks. We have 48 reps in the field at the start of Q1 of 2013. We have almost 90 by the end of Q1 in 2014 and all those were in place early in the year. So you almost doubled feet on the street there. We’ve more than doubled the size of our distribution channel management team with respect to payers, distributors and all the other things associated with getting pharmacy reimbursement overtime. We have built a marketing team up as well. Not to the significant rebuilt up the sales side of those expenses will probably come more over the course of the year as we do more marketing campaigns and as we run some clinical studies here towards positioning the product for better reimbursement overtime, which will be part of R&D. So as you're comparing to last year, think 48 to almost 90 reps, think double the number of people on the reimbursement side. That's where that growth comes from on the cash side. If you go from Q4 of last year to Q1, its probably 20 new reps and a few people on the other side and the growth isn't there as much. I think the issue with the OpEx as you compare this year last year. We are a lot bigger than we were a year ago. We just are, there is no other way to describe it.
Kevin Sayer: You don’t expose, we do very well and we have some core markets Germany, Italy Sweden, the Netherlands, we do extremely well in Europe and elsewhere and the other markets are growing as well. Those were kind of the backbone of our European business. On top of that, we got into Canada in late ‘13 and did very, very well in Q1 of ‘14 in Canada, both with our standalone CGM and system. So Canada is really been a very positive long trust.
Kevin Sayer: Our focus with respect to compensation is to grow the business in total. We reward our team for -- we have obviously a model. The biggest reward in our compensation structure is adding new patient to the company. If our reps are achieving pediatric or adult patients, they’re compensated the same. We will watch and we will monitor and make sure those reps that we have out there are going into both areas. And if we see somebody not doing it adults or not doing ped, obviously, we’ll go check on the territory but they are rewarded the same for both.  They have again very high numbers to meet our expectations. So I can tell you these guys are trying to get deep into everywhere they call and also call on a number of clinics. They are measured on both, the number of calls that they do and the number of physicians they call on and also how deep they go and our term for that is a DexCom Champion. How many champions do you have and how many can you create. And so all these guys are measured on a number of factors that really meet our overall company and business goals. Our goals are very congruent.
Kevin Sayer: Bill, you’re going to see that probably in about nearly five minutes when we file the Q. The share-based compensation was $8.7 million for the quarter. And then we had depreciation and amortization of $1.9 million. All non-cash charges remain for the quarter, which includes accretion change in fair value for some contingent liabilities we have for sweet spot et cetera. So the total non-cash expenses are 12.1.
Kevin Sayer: Yeah. I think, the cautionary to the extend you read any cautionary language into our prepared remarks. It’s really just making sure the street doesn't get ahead of itself and thinking it was just going to be a foot for switch launch and kind of within a month or two we were going to have 30% to 40% penetration into the peds market. That’s all, its ramping just fine.
