Philip A. Hadley: Shlomo, it's Phil. Just want to make 2 points. One, I saw some research written this morning, where people are using our Buy-side percentage and our Sell-Side percentage, and we're obviously putting out a pretty round number there. And I think the round numbers definitely distort things, slightly. But to answer your question more specifically, I think we're definitely seeing tiny signs of hiring, but it's not one of those things where it feels like a market of several years ago.
Philip A. Hadley: Yes. And I would -- but let me make one more point. I think the numbers right now would, at least from what I found, some of the calculations would make the sell-side seem slightly worse than it really is and therefore, making the buy-side slightly better than it is. And I would also just clarify, for the purposes of the metric that we produced, that the Sell-Side is really pure sell-side for us, and that the Buy-Side is really buy-side plus others.
Philip A. Hadley: Yes, including, Peter mentioned some feed revenue. So it's really buy-side -- Sell-Side is clean as in that's the Sell-Side number. And then the Buy-Side is everything else.
Philip A. Hadley: Yes, 2 odd quarters for us, just not the time where our clients were hiring. Certainly, our fall quarter, the first quarter for us and our third fiscal quarter are -- just tend to be choppy in nature, and always have been historically. But I think, per Peter's comments, certainly, there's still trimming happening on the sell-side and slight hiring happening on the buy-side. But they tend to be kind of balancing each other out at this point. I was just going to say, on the net client adds, we definitely saw quite a few firms shut down this quarter. Just lights switched out, firm's gone. Which I don't know whether that's just a sign of the cyclicality of -- if this is a good time of year to do that. But it's definitely one of the factors.
Philip A. Hadley: I think it would be more related -- this is Phil. More related to timing. So if the ASV dollar comes on the first day of the quarter, then we get 3 months of revenues. If it comes on in the last month of the quarter, we only get 1 12. So as Peter pointed out, if in a particular quarter, the first month had more positives, then that would change GAAP revenue to positive. And if the first month has more negatives relative to history when that would be the reverse. Which month in the quarter, you're only seeing the snapshot at 1 period in the quarter.
Philip A. Hadley: I think we certainly have ETF creators as clients, and also the ETF in the same category as passives. Passives have been around for a long time and there are many players in the space that are -- and several huge players in the space. And the shift and mix over time to passives has been kind of a long-term trend. I would say certainly, a negative to the active, as an asset class, but I always question where the assets are actually coming from and what is displaced mean [ph]. And one of the thoughts that would not be as negative for the actives would be that the old-fashioned stock-picking that used to take place at the retail level, is being replaced by act -- or ETFs. I've certainly seen that in several cases. I think it's definitely one of those factors that's out there in the marketplace.
Philip A. Hadley: I think if you take the whole global market, so FactSet participates, and anybody that's managing institutional assets anywhere in the world and take the opportunity of how many equity analysts, fixed income analysts, portfolio managers exist out there in the world, is ETF and passive a slight negative to that? Certainly, but I just don't think it affects the macro opportunity that exists out there. Certainly, there's a huge growth in hedge funds, and I certainly see strong growth happening in our largest traditional asset managers as well.
Philip A. Hadley: I think I would also emphasize that, Pete, it's only one of the dimensions of revenue that we get. And it's certainly a positive indicator. I've always described it as, growing clients and growing seats [ph], is really about growing share in the marketplace. And then it's obviously, you're building a relationship with a client and you're there to sell them feeds [ph] and other products that we have. So internally, I don't think we actually spend much time trying to predict how many seats [ph] we're going to get in a particular quarter. It has a great deal to do with client hiring decisions that are out of our control. We spend more time focusing on what we think it is, the pipeline looks like, and how much of that do we think we can convert in the 90 days ahead.
Philip A. Hadley: Certainly, when I look at FactSet as our business and the philosophies that we operate our business under, one of the core philosophies we've always had is to never compete with our clients. We're not an investment business, we're a management business. We're not an investment banking business. We don't write equity research. We don't have trading platforms that compete with our clients or do wealth management, and it's always been very core for us to be partners and work side-by-side with our clients as much as we possibly can. I would say that, at least the feeling we get in the market, is we definitely feel there are clients out there who feel over-weighted with the particular players in the space, and have concerns. Is that creating a near-term opportunity that materially affects ASV in the next 90 days? No, I don't think so. But I think there's definitely some sentiment there that there's some uncomfort -- comfortable connections or situations that exist in certain clients.
Peter G. Walsh: Thank you Peter, I guess I'd like to point out 2 things in that. We're really managing FactSet at the operating margin level, as opposed to dissecting it between cost of services and SG&A. But if I was going to look at the gross margin level, one thing that investors should factor out is the StreetAccount acquisition that we completed a year ago. So if you're comparing Q3 this year to Q3 last year, that reduced gross margins by about 130 basis points.
Peter G. Walsh: That would just be scaling up our content operations, where the number of content employees of FactSet, as deployed, has greatly changed over that time frame.
Peter G. Walsh: Thanks, Toni. It's Peter. Q3 has -- hasn't been a strong hiring quarter for us, when you exclude the content operations. And in fact, we haven't had a positive net headcount growth, excluding content since 2008, in Q3. So I think what you were seeing here is why we have scaled up our content operations and continue to invest in it. It's not at the same rate back several years ago. And so I would typify Q3 as a very normal pattern for us. It's just been offset in previous years by content.
Peter G. Walsh: No, not at all. And we certainly already know that the Q4, which is traditionally our strongest headcount quarter, will -- we expect that likely to be true again.
Peter G. Walsh: Keith, it's Peter. I think you would just attribute it to timing. ASV doesn't come on equally every month, every quarter. So any change on that is just going to be timing in terms of when changes occurred during the quarter.
Peter G. Walsh: I think the big variable on that is going to be what happens on the sell-side. The sell-side user count is volatile and it represents the large percentage of total users, larger than the amount of ASV that we get from the sell-side. So it's difficult to predict actual end-user sales. I think long-term, we're still extremely optimistic about what our opportunities are.
Peter G. Walsh: So I'd say one thing you definitely have to factor out is the change at the end has impacted the comparison of that growth rate year-over-year. I'll let Mike or Phil comment on the other items.
Michael D. Frankenfield: Peter, it's Mike. Our competitive situation continues to evolve slowly over time. FactSet continues to round out its product, which in many ways, allows us to enter new segments and create new types of competition for us. The pricing environment is relatively stable overall. There is definitely a lot of focus on cost, and firms -- one of the long-term trends amongst all of our clients has been the increase in focus on costs and the scale with which these firms have brought professionals to help manage their expenses. So that's an environment where it's just more important than ever for FactSet to demonstrate the value that we bring to the table, and continue to sell at the price points we're selling at today.
Michael D. Frankenfield: We haven't seen the significant amount of Eikon in the marketplace. The indications are that most of the rollouts are happening in segments of the market where FactSet doesn't have a strong presence, including the trading and execution space. We do know that firms are being contacted and there is an initiative across all the Thomson platforms to transition them away from their legacy platform to the new Eikon platform. And FactSet is out there reminding clients that if clients are in a transition period, we can offer them a seamless transition and offer them a very attractive alternative.
Michael D. Frankenfield: We are. We continue to round out our product. And it's something we focused on for a long period now, and we'll continue to focus on it.
Michael D. Frankenfield: It continues to be a material driver for us, and I think if you wound the clock back a year, maybe 2 years, it wasn't material. But it's now at a level where it is contributing and is an important part of our growth story going forward.
Michael D. Frankenfield: Toni, it's Mike. As we've grown in size, we've been able to do more and more interesting things with the sales force to segment it to focus on particular market opportunities, to focus on new business acquisition versus, for example, managing large accounts. Our new business acquisition team has a very, very solid pipeline. There's not only a lot of new firm creation happening, but we have opportunities in new segments like Fixed Income to go after clients, in pure Fixed Income managers that we never had before. So that pipeline is very robust and continues to see significant numbers of new adds.
Michael D. Frankenfield: The firms are still communicating with us what the exact counts are going to be, at this point, we don't see a material change from last year, certainly no material growth versus last year.
Michael D. Frankenfield: Pete, we have a robust offering for the wealth management segment. The segment of that marketplace that we're focused on is wealth managers who are managing a significant amount of assets, and really operate very much like a traditional institutional manager. We've done some pricing and packaging of our product to make the offering more compelling to that segment, both from a product offering perspective, as well as from a cost perspective. And we continue to see good progress in the wealth segment.
Michael D. Frankenfield: Tim, it's Mike. Whenever FactSet introduces or develops a new product, the first place we take it is to our existing clients, and Fixed Income was no different. We identified that opportunity because we had a lot of clients who were loyal users of our equity TA project, and they expressed to us that they've managed assets in addition to equity, maybe they were a balanced manager. And so the Fixed Income product really came about as our desire to give them a more complete solution, to help them answer questions that relate to the equity side of their portfolio, as well as the fixed income side of their portfolio. And for the first few years of that product's life, we really focus exclusively on those types of clients. Now as that project begins to mature and really begins to get critical mass, we do have an opportunity to go after their fixed-income-only managers. And while the number of those are still small in number, relative to the overall mix, it is a growing segment for us.
Michael D. Frankenfield: I mean, in terms of client activity and ASV adds, it seems relatively consistent over the time period.
