Philip Snow: Sure Joe, hi it's Phil Snow. So as I mentioned we are seeing growth and strength and wealth. We’re also seeing great momentum in our analytics business. I would say if I was to highlight one area that was weaker versus the same quarter last year it would be banking but I do want to remind everyone that Q1 is traditionally light at the banking that’s access is our clients rationalizing headcount going into the end of the year. Within banking we did see some pricing pressure focusing on headcount and costs and we are seeing capital IQ and ethanol bundling their products in some cases. Clients are not happy about that and the good thing is they are coming to us and asking us how we can help but that would be the one area I would highlight in terms of weakness. 
Philip Snow: Sure, hey Shlomo, this is Phil Snow. So let me look at Vermilion first for you. The Vermilion is really a very elegant, best in class enterprise client reporting solution. The portfolio of publishing solution that FactSet has today really takes the portfolio and audit reports. We create custom reports for our clients that way. This is a broader solution that allows our clients to input other types of data and it is much more flexible in terms of the types of reports that it can create. So it is a very nice compliment to what we have today. I would think of it a little bit like the code red versus the FactSet IRM solution. We are putting those two together, it just means we can stock more -- more solutions for our clients particularly in the client service workflow part of the entire investment lifecycle which we are seeing increased traction on.  In terms of CYMBA we are really excited about that. It really provides a missing piece that we had with the combination of FactSet and Portware together. So it has order management capabilities. The other thing that it has is very good pre and post trade compliance rules that were in engine essentially. So, we think that the combination of over at CYMBA and the FactSet workstation really fill out the entire investment lifecycle for us. So you are right in that, it is a small group of employees but it fills a critical missing piece for us that we could have built but this was just a way to fast forward that and we are really excited about the long-term opportunity. And they have an excellent solution. I think they suffered a little bit from what any small company does in some spaces that if you go in and you try this out what could be a better product to a client but you are a small company. You are a very large investment manager. They are going to wonder are you going to be around in the long-term so now that CYMBA is part of FactSet, a well established player then we can cros sell it but we are really bullish about what it means for us in terms of the upside there.
Philip Snow: It’s hard to predict honestly and if it will I think we’ll see the affects of that later. It’s not something that given our sales cycle I think we would see immediately. We did see some decisions getting pushed out a little bit further over the last few months and we’re hoping that our close rate will improve. But we can't make any solid predictions on that. Certainly it doesn’t hurt.
Philip Snow: Sure, so when we look at this Q1 versus last Q1 there was an uptick in firm closures which affected the relative number. We did see when you look at users no longer with firm which typically means they’re moving somewhere else or potentially they are getting laid off, there was a small uptick there. But I’d like to steer you back to what we said many times which is we firmly believe that our largest opportunity really is within the biggest clients that we already have today. So we love to get new names but it is by no far the biggest piece of our business every quarter nor is it the biggest long-term opportunity we have. So we’re really focused on having an enterprise solution for our clients and capturing that entire investment lifecycle of the trade. So when you go into FactSet now with the acquisitions and the innovation that we’ve developed you can go from research to portfolio management to trading to analytics to client reporting that if I was you it is what I would be focused on. 
Philip Snow: We’re investigating into that. We are focused on regulatory as something that is important for us. We recognize it is a big opportunity, maybe that’s one we can follow up with you later. 
Philip Snow: Sure, okay and just on this -- so I’ll touch on a couple of things, one is just going back to the enterprise conversation with our clients, we are spending more time with our largest clients mapping out their information technology landscape, looking at all of this solution that they have to offer or that they need help with. And we're finding that clients are very interested in talking to us with these new acquisitions that we have done to begin thinking about more holistic solutions for them. I would say it is early days on the cross selling story, but it is something that we're entirely focused on. 
Philip Snow: We are still evaluating that Toni and with the recent acquisitions that we have done we are just taking the time that we need to make sure that if we are going to change how we report that we do it in the best possible way and it is something that we can stick to for the future. 
Philip Snow: We haven’t broken it out with that level of granularity this quarter. When you look at Q1, I did mention that analytics had a very good quarter. And again it is traditionally not our biggest quarter so I wouldn’t -- we don’t really look at Q1 as -- from a data standpoint or something like that. It gives us that much clarity on those growth rates. 
Philip Snow: That is a good question. I think we're seeing generally pressure across the sell side in both the bigger firms and the middle market firms. 
Philip Snow: So, I do, hey Peter thank you for the question. So, we are confident that we're outperforming on a relative basis in most segments of the market. So, I think you are right in sort of highlighting that the other firms are struggling. We are looking at different segments and we are very focused on who is our competitor in a particular segment.  We view such a massive opportunity for us in the marketplace. We are just over a billion dollars and we know that the addressable market share for us is at least ten times that today. So we are just focused on what we can do the best with specific workflows against all of these discreet competitors. But I think you're correct in saying that if you look at all of their performance instead of what we’re hearing that it is a challenging environment and we feel that we're the best positioned to execute on it now and for the future.
Philip Snow: We have so many different types of user workflows we might have 20 different types of clients that use FactSet and you know we don't price our product the same way that some of our competitors do. So it’s very difficult I think for you to look in and sort of draw a meaningful conclusions on that. In some cases if we have a very large wealth deployment the average price for that wealth deployment might be significantly lower than if you added a portfolio manager for example even a medium size institutional asset manager.
Philip Snow: Sure, hi it is Phil Snow. So, when we talk about our multi asset class risk product we’re talking about an enterprise solution there for our clients in the risk area. So we’re in competition sometimes with MSCI in that space with BlackRock with a whole bunch of different niche competitors as we filled out the fixed income and more asset classes in there its opened our abilities to do more than just equity risk for our clients. And it’s something that a lot of our clients are focused on in this environment.  So we continue to invest there, we got a lot more that we’re going to be doing that’s coming out throughout the year as I mentioned in my comments earlier. It’s an area of our business that we know is exceptionally important for our clients and one of the trends that we’re noticing in a marketplace, when I talk to heads of performance at a lot of the big buy side shops they want to see consistency in the data that they’re using for risk and performance and for portfolio analytics not just in the middle office but all the way through to the front office. And that’s something that we believe at FactSet we’re incredibly well poised to execute on and the opportunity for us that’s in the front office we believe is huge. And by focusing on this area which is our core competency we can then build that out overtime. 
Philip Snow: Yeah in many cases they’ll be switching from other providers. So I mean there are some out there that haven’t been invested in and are not getting better and that’s just something that we are pouring it’s on a gas. And we’ve got some great partners in that space as well that get more leverage by including their functionality on our system. So we’re not just building everything we’re sort of creating this ecosystem that makes it easy for other analytics providers to integrate into FactSet and it is what we did originally, right. We were earlier the Switzerland of market data and fundamental estimate data and now we are sort of getting into this environment where we can be that for a client when it comes to risk and analytics.
Philip Snow: The fees business did ok. Part of our fees business is leveraged to our strategic partnerships and alliances group so that's when we monetize data outside of FactSet. I am on side of investment management and banking. And there was a lumpy loss this quarter that is a lumpy business. We have big wins and we have big gains of big losses sometimes. And the fact that Q1 is traditionally a smaller quarter for us there was one of those in there this quarter which dampened the fees growth. But I would say the fees growth within the core institutional Asset Management and banking business was very healthy.
Philip Snow: Yes, that is a great question. So, not necessarily. If we are solving the exact same workflow for the same type of clients it is the same value. We would price it the same way but there have been some users over the years that have essentially said just for ease of use purposes and even for costs they require a web based version. A good example of that is senior bankers so, in banking we have always been very well penetrated in investment banking and research and we have been told if we developed a web based product that that would be the best way essentially to get on to the desk of senior bankers.  There are a lot of hedge funds out there that much prefer a web based product. Private equity firms, there's a lot of opportunity and if you really want a more elegant mobile environment web is the way to go. And even for our caller user base, the speed of the product is faster, navigating it is easier. We believe there's going to be a lot of good effects as we continue to build out more functionality in the web based version. And all of this is possible because we made a massive investment in our technology stack over the last five years going from mainframes to this more distributed Linux architecture. It's one of the really positive things that has come about as part of the effort. 
Philip Snow: Yeah, it was -- it definitely helped when you look at both where and how we transfer that product it's a combination of license fees, professional fees, and trading volumes so it is the minimum. But the fact that the trading volumes were up over the last couple of months definitely helped. 
Philip Snow: So we have broken out the business between U.S. and international. Our UK entity is responsible for our international business now going forward both operationally and financially. We still tax almost 70% of our income here in the U.S. so if a tax legislation comes out and it lowers the tax rates here in the U.S. that will be just an incremental benefit to FactSet. But overall we made this change in order to better serve our client base internationally and we don’t see going backwards on that strategy in the future. 
Philip Snow: Sure, it’s a great question. So I mean SNL has a very sticky product. I think you are probably aware of that and we get asked repeatedly if we will build something like that. It will probably be a heavy lift for us and if we would have figured out where it is we wanted to focus our resources that might not be the highest priority or the biggest opportunity. But if we can figure out a way to do that we certainly would consider it. I think they consider FactSet to be a better long-term partner and have a better product. They are not going to be happy about sort of being forced into something so, we will get asked on occasions for pricing reduction. We’re just seeing generally in banking not just with that but there is a very heavy focus on cost. We just go back to trying to be a good partner for our clients, making good decisions for the long-term, and responding to them the best way that we can. 
Philip Snow: Sure, I mean that’s a great question. So the ETF product itself has very detailed analytics around particularly EPS. Their holdings is best in class. It is a nice compliment to what FactSet has today. This shift from active to passive certainly doesn’t help underperforming active managers as the fees are much lower on the passive side. But what FactSet has is we are a workflow solution, so whether you are active or passive we have analytics and portfolio analytics and reporting capabilities to help you. So we have the same solutions that we can sell to active managers that we can sell to passive managers and in a lot of cases some of our biggest clients will have strategies around both although have a hybrid kind of a smart data type approach. So, we’re not just focused specifically on ETF, we’re focused on the entire workflow and where we can help that.
Philip Snow: If we knew we’d love to tell you but we don’t. We are focused on the opportunity right in front of us. So we have a great suite of products. Like I said we have great partnerships with our biggest clients and we feel that just versus our competitors we have a huge advantage. We have an excellent product, we have a great service team. We have a partnership with them, they trust us and we are just focused on executing the best we can every quarter and we’re really optimistic about our long-term opportunity.
Philip Snow: Sure its related to the last question on the buy side, the active managers are feeling pressure from the lower fees that passive managers are charging. So if you are an underperforming active manager you’ve got to think about ways to sort of reduce cost. So we do see in overtime you know we’ll see some consolidation I believe on the buy side. And our focus on enterprise solutions and not being so highly leveraged to the workstation overtime is the best strategy that we think we have as a company. And we’re -- part of this is we’re a real technology company. We have technology solutions, we have solutions that help our clients be more efficient, and with focus on giving them the full breadth offerings that we have.  Even if the number of workstations goes down in the entire industry I’m just going to remind everyone FactSet has a small percentage of what’s out there so our biggest competitors and we estimate have at least 300,000 terminals each forget about all the other niche players. So we’re focused on a multi prong strategy, getting more users particularly in the front office and then building out enterprise solutions to service the entire client. 
Philip Snow: So, it would be nice to be able to offer both for clients that service both. I’ll point to the technology investment that we’ve made with FactSet Web. Previously it would have been difficult for us to do that but with our next gen technology environment we will be able to scale more easily, do things faster. It’s going to allow us to go after that segment if we wanted to and have it be a profitable thing for FactSet to do. 
Philip Snow: They could definitely have one or the other, that we’re still evaluating the best go to market strategy it’s just been released. What’s in there today is real time news and quotes, research, some great company analytics, some industry reports. We’re still putting in there some of our other applications like universal screening, the new version of PA we have which is PA3 that’s getting rolled out as we speak so as we fill out the suite we’ll have a better hand to feel on that in the coming quarters. 
Philip Snow: That really depends on the client. What we have found overtime is when we close a client that we’re able to build a relationship and layer on analytics and fees and so on. It is pretty rare that someone comes in and gets everything all at once but there are some re-variables there in terms of the types of clients and so it’s hard to give you a really easy answer. 
Philip Snow: Yes I wouldn’t expect a massive impact right away and it may will be that there are some clients that are excited about going on to the web based product. Its early days, it’s just been released. We have closed an exciting client with that, it’s something that I use every day. I really like using it so I am really optimistic about what it means for us in the long-term. 
Philip Snow: So we did say as I mentioned earlier we did see a little bit of an uptick on the firm closures versus the same quarter last year. But I want to take it back again to where the biggest opportunity and most of our revenue is in most of our growth opportunity. It’s not with sort of the smaller names that we’re closing, small wealth managers, small hedge funds, it’s really the bigger clients we are focused. 
Philip Snow: We don’t break it out but it certainly was the biggest contributor to the total and we have a number of different packages for the wealth market and they are typically given the size of the deployments and the use case a lower price point and what we would charge in institutional asset manager or hedge fund. So you’re right it’s a lower price workstation than the traditional FactSet workstation. 
Philip Snow: The offering can range from sort of the low thousands all the way up to 10,000 in some cases for wealth in our fully loaded investment management workstation with portfolio and analytics could be multiples of that in some cases. 
Philip Snow: It's a great product, very focused on the UK market. You highlighted that it's a small company but we were really impressed with the management team, the technology they have built. It's a long-term way but again it was a question of are we going to build it or should we buy something that we believe was a really good product. So I think the longer term opportunity for us when you think about the synergies is with portfolio, management, trading, the front office. FactSet has been in the front office for some time with portfolio managers at U.P.A. but if we can also compliment that with a portfolio management system or the management system and execution management system in the front office. We believe that that represents a really large opportunity for us just in terms of market share and help tie the enterprise story together really nicely. 
Maurizio Nicolelli: Hey Joe, it is Maurizio. So we continue to manage our adjusted operating margin to right around 32.5% to 33.5% and that is consistent with the last five quarters. If I was to look out over the next two to three quarters I think we would be very consistent with that range and then going forward we would see something similar to that, potentially maybe some leverage but one, two, three years out.
Maurizio Nicolelli: Yes, so free cash flow was down 18 million this quarter. It was really driven by the change in the realignment to our FactSet UK. Now clients are being billed and invoiced and contracted through the UK and that created some delays in client payments. We really see that as very temporary and normalizing in the next three months going forward. On the tax rate, the tax rate now has the new normal for our tax rate now is our range of 25.5% to 26.5% and we don’t see that materially changing during the rest of the fiscal year. 
Maurizio Nicolelli: So the two acquisitions added 15 million in ASV during the quarter and that is acquired revenue. Portware is now embedded within our overall ASV number and we don’t break that out. 
Maurizio Nicolelli: So far -- hi, Toni it is Maurizio. It was hard acquisition. Also a majority of our new hiring goes into cost of services so driving that that percentage is slightly higher. But at the end of the day we have really just managed the company at the operating margin level. 
Maurizio Nicolelli: Yes, our invoicing declines has not changed. We still have well in the north of 95% of our clients being billed in U.S. dollars going forward. The realignment did not affect clients that way. 
Maurizio Nicolelli: Right, so if you look at headcount growth ex doing the acquisitions and the Market Metrics being sold, our growth is around 10.5% but our growth in headcount has been higher in India and the Philippines where our cost of an employee is much less. So even though you see our employee growth being higher than revenue growth, from a dollar perspective its right inline slightly behind revenue growth.
Maurizio Nicolelli: So we -- so our ASV and revenue projection is that midpoint is right around 7% and that's what we're projecting today. There's a range there which is higher and lower but essentially what we are projecting today is right around that 7% organic growth number.
Maurizio Nicolelli: So right, this is Maurizio, so right now ASV internationally is 34.6% of the overall total. Our income that’s been taxed overseas is right around 30% to 31% now based on this realignment. Prior to that we were below 20%. So what we’ve done here is really realign our structure operationally and also our financial structure to better match our international operations. So which means that almost 70% of our income is no tax at the U.S. tax rate currently. 
