Helen Shan: Sure. Thanks Toni, for your question. So I would look at three different areas, when we think about what's driving the expense reduction or really margin expansion. So the first are expenses that are pandemic-related items. So T&E, office-related, even U.S. medical costs, which were actually lower as many folks stopped going to the normal doctor or medical activity, so we actually saw a savings on that as well. Then the second bucket I would call, operational discipline. So that's, our ability to manage third party content and professional fees, in some cases reducing, and other cases it's more of managing from a timing perspective and the workforce mix, which we've talked about before Toni. As you know, and that has continued to play out where we have, for example, we've hired 7% more in our workforce, but we've actually had 2% higher as a mix of low cost versus high costs. And then the last bucket I would say our investments, where we were also adjusting both by using our own employees for some of the needs that we have, and then also hiring in low cost. So tighter management around third party cost is really important. The three areas I would say are pandemic-related, operational discipline and spending investments of which the pandemic piece is largely, I would say, nearly 60 to -- two-thirds of the benefit that we're seeing in the quarter.
Helen Shan: And Manav, I think one thing, just to keep in mind, I mean cost like U.S. medical is still a little bit, TBD as we go into the quarter, and all this play into next year. And also some of the costs that we are getting the benefit in this year, or this quarter rather is little bit timing related. But for sure, we're all looking to see how we can best leverage that into -- as Phil mentioned into the existing investments, if not, new ones as well.
Helen Shan: Yes. I mean, as we think about our thinking as we go forward, I really look at it in kind of two different buckets in terms of the assumptions. So one is operational costs, how do we see going out of Q3. We talked about the fact that we have seen a good market for hiring new talent. You'll see that we increased our total headcount for over 10,000 employees now, I think it's the highest we’ve been. So that's a 7% increase in hiring. So we were able to do a lot of that. We continue to invest as we discussed. And so I see some of that picking up and therefore driving higher costs going forward from a people perspective. I think I just mentioned there are some costs as it relates to things that we held back in Q3. 90 days ago, we weren't sure where the world was going to be, so we wanted to also be quite cautious. And some of that now we're showing better having experienced what we had in Q3, so we're seeing that come through. And we'll look to spend that in Q4 and some of that maybe even into the following year. As it relates to pandemic-related savings, we also have costs that we see come through. So those would be related to business continuity, equipment, internet, things that we need to make sure that our workforce is properly ready to work remotely, consistently. We have some office re-openings. It's a little bit unclear yet how we'll deal with that. And then medical costs, I would expect would come back as folks are now becoming more comfortable and now that we’re re-opening. So I would look at that Manav as we think about go forward rate.
Helen Shan: Sure. I don’t comment maybe a little bit broadly in any detailed questions, you can obviously get that from Rima directly. So there's a couple of different things that fall into that. Now some, as you know, there's a number in there that is, I would say most of it is not necessarily investment new part of our three year plan. A lot of that is more infrastructure related, so things that we're doing, whether it's on a workday or things that are more I'll call it, corporate infrastructure focused so those were one-time. We also have in there double rent that we have as we've been building out facilities. So some of our facilities, we've got both our existing building and we already have a lease on another one. So that's not really part of the ongoing, so we call that out as well. So that gives you a little bit of what's in there. They're not really directly related to the three year plan.
Helen Shan: Sure. I'll try to address that. Thank you for your question. So as you recall, last quarter when we talked about the Americas, we got an improvement of $2 million year-on-year, and so the international was the same. So that gives you a sense of the improvement this year versus last year, so $4 million. But I think what we see, I mean, we are in a competitive environment, so that's always the case. But we have put in a lot of enhancements and value into products and the offerings, and I think that's really coming through. So what we're seeing in this year and we have also natural price increases in our contracts already. Is that continued recognition by clients that the value that we're bringing in is worth the additional amount. Now that being said, we have to continually invest in to be able to do that. And I think the three year plan is certainly meant to help that along, not only with new products, but really enhancing our existing and to maintain if not increase our retention rate with our existing clients.
Helen Shan: Yes, I'll take the first shot there. We are working hard to make sure we can get the next three months correct. So I wouldn't say there's a lot of variables right now. Our plan hasn't changed, we still see in terms of our belief of what the investments will bring in the upside, I think we'll have more, we're going through all that right now, as you can imagine, in our own budgeting process, but also in thinking through how our investments were fair. So, I think we'll come back to talk more about that. Right now, we don't have any change in our view, but gosh, there's a lot that can happen and we're doing work on that right now.
Helen Shan: And let me just pipe in a little bit as it relates to the revenue. So the good news is we've gotten from this quarter Ashish, some better confidence. So that's a real positive because of some of the unknowns, as we've already talked about. Do keep in mind, in a subscription business, it really does matter when the ASV comes in. And so as you know, the first one quarter for us was softer than we had hoped. And so that it does carry through. And depending on what happened on the back-half of the year, without the pandemic, the dollars might have been a little bit different. And so we believe how revenue was going to come out. But knowing, a, that we had a weaker Q1, that it's really coming through a bit from a revenue perspective as we look at the full year.
Helen Shan: Yes. No, we've continued to migrate, we look at high cost low cost. And as I mentioned, there was about 2% improvement in this quarter. That's been pretty consistent. So right now, we're roughly around, let's call it two-thirds offshore one-third onshore. We did actually hire more onshore, it's actually growth. And that would have been I think the first in a couple of quarters due to the capabilities that we're trying to build. And in some cases that can really be found more in the developed markets. So that's where you see that come through. And that was anticipated. The opposite of that or the balance to that, as I mentioned, is that some of the roles that we saw from our investment plan that we could fill that we thought would either need to be new hires undeveloped countries, we were able to either sell with own folks, or quite frankly, with folks in the lower cost countries. Going forward, I mean, that's still going to be a driver for us on productivity with or without investments was a focus. And we saw that from FY '19 through now. And that's certainly part of our thinking, as we were thinking about the margin that we come out in FY '22 already.
Helen Shan: I think what we’re seeing in retention is I'm sorry for that, in retention is that we’ve continued to see that as we -- talked about above 95% that’s continue to be strong for the reasons that we've already outlined, as the decisions can be somewhat delayed, but then we get the benefit of that as well. And new business I think has remained steady, so if we look over the course of the last couple of quarters that contribution from new business has been around the same level, which is around that two plus percent of our total growth comes from new business. Sorry Phil, didn’t mean to interrupt.
Phil Snow: Yes. Thanks, Toni. So I'd say the biggest change and I think that we're really focused on is how our clients are going to be working in the future. So, we quickly sent out a survey to our clients when they were working from home to sort of understand how their lives were changing, and try to predict how they may change in the future. So, obviously the plan is very heavily weighted to move into the public cloud, opening up the tech stack and creating a more personalized experience that nothing's going to really change in terms of big buckets. But we do see a great opportunity to streamline workflows that are going to become more digital for our clients, around collaboration tools. We've all been in the industry for a long time, so we sort of know which of our workflows is still pretty manual, right, where there's a lot of people putting together pitch books or models or what have you. And I do think that now, people have been surprised. I mean, I've been surprised by how quickly we were able to adapt and that's what I hear from my clients. So I do think it's sort of really giving people an opportunity to think more boldly. And I just feel like we're in a really great position to kind of meet those needs for our clients.
Phil Snow: Well, we certainly are taking a look at what we've learned over the last year and new things that we'd be interested in doing. So we do that every year. We've been through that process in the last quarter. So we're looking at what we chose to do. That's solid, we're going to continue to invest in everything we said we were going to. But we do see some potentially new opportunities for us as well. So, I do think there's an opportunity to do more. And I do think there's an opportunity again, for us to look at not just the cost savings that we've kind of seen in the last quarter, but just look at how we're working as a company and how we may have been inefficient in terms of how we're servicing clients and doing other things. But, it's a much longer process to figure that out. But we're really actively looking at that and seeing what it might mean for us in the future. So, net-net, I'm very excited in terms of what the potential is for the company.
Phil Snow: Hey Bill, it’s Phil. So, we typically don't give sort of that level of detail around the clients wins. We did have a press release around this, which I think is why we’re mentioning it. But what I would point to I think more is just the opportunity that exists with FactSet for asset owners. So we do very well with sovereign wealth funds with plan sponsors. We've got good momentum with insurance companies. And when you think about our analytics suite and its really geared I think for the asset owner and asset manager of the future in terms of what we're able to do. I think that just is a good area for FactSet to grow in the future. That specific win was more CTS-related, so they are taking I think a good amount of our content essentially to build out some of their own analytics. So I think that also speaks to our platform assets and our ability to deliver content in new and interesting ways.
Phil Snow: So, a lot of our new client win, I think we would net 55 new clients for the quarter. Many of those came from corporates and a good amount of them came from wealth advisors as well. So, we’re closing a lot of new names. Typically, these aren't huge deals but they really add up when you put them together. And what we're selling traditionally is mostly into Investor Relations groups and Business Development groups. But as we build out our deep sector content, we started with financials, insurance and we’re beginning to get into real estate, I do think there is an opportunity to sell more to the existing clients and to uncork some corporate clients in industries that traditionally FactSet may not have been as heavily weighted toward. So, we typically do very well in the sectors and industries that are very data and analytics driven and regulatory driven, as you can imagine. But I do think over time, I see a lot of opportunity, particularly as we open up a platform to do more for clients that are not necessarily on the buy side of the this offering.
Phil Snow: Yes. Thanks Alex. So, I think we typically don't get a final answer from the majority until August. Early indicate -- I think we've spoken to about half the banks so far and early indications are that they'll still be hiring that classes. Maybe it will get pushed out into Q1, as you mentioned. But when we're looking at our pipeline for Q4, it's pretty heavily weighted towards analytics and CTS, which shows that more of our platform offerings and less heavily weighted towards the people like the piece of the business that’s very much workstation driven. So, we've got a good pipeline for Q4, and we certainly have enough in there to support the range that we narrowed this morning in our comments.
Phil Snow: Yes. Hey Hamza, its Phil. Thanks for the question. So our wealth segment is around 10% of FactSet in terms of its size. And I do think, we've got a ton of total addressable market that we can look at. The very high end of the market, I think we're suitable for the ultra-high net workflow. You mentioned sort of the armies of financial advisors out there, so obviously we had a big win a couple of years ago that we're very proud of and doing well with. And it's uncorked a lot of opportunities for us. We had a significant wealth win this quarter, so it was a building on an existing relationship, but we really had sort of a good size win, displacing a major competitor at a large firm. And we have a digital business, which really can get to tremendous amounts of users, that are sort of retail users of a bank essentially. So, we've got a full gamut of stuff, I think, particularly for the market data and news segment of the workflow. I think now we're getting to the point where the product can really begin to leverage our analytics suite, where those two can come together when we can begin to do more for existing clients in the risk oversight area and some other areas. So we're really optimistic about our ability to capture more market share and wealth. And as I mentioned just previously, we closed a lot of smaller family offices and wealth advisors each quarter, and we did the same thing in Q3 of this year.
Phil Snow: Yes. We continue to look at things that are opportunistic. So absolutely, I think we've obviously got the balance sheet to support that. We've done a lot of work to integrate the software companies that we acquired. But we do think there's some good opportunity out there for some smaller data sets or providers that could really support what we talked about, right, in terms of the areas of the market that we're interested in. So, we're actively looking at things like we always are. Obviously, evaluations were pretty high over the years and talking to banks. I think deals are starting to get done again, obviously, it was kind of a frozen period. But I do believe that the ice is thawing a little bit and we're going to begin to see some deals in our space.
Phil Snow: It's a good mix Shlomo. So we've been able to close some new names. We did well in new business in Asia, which as I spoke about on the last earnings call. I thought it would be kind of the first region to come back from that standpoint. But talking to our leader of our European business, she's telling me that we're beginning to see some good opportunities over there on the new business side. We have been really effective at closing what was in our pipeline for Q3, so that when we spoke three months ago. And I think part of what Helen and I were thinking about was would it really delay clients decisions to buy things? We've seen some of that. How well would we be able to implement things virtually? We are very capable of doing that. In some cases, our clients I think we're having difficulty engaging with us. But, net-net, I think again, we were positively surprised and how we were able to do things more remotely than typically FactSet has done in the past. So, I think that's very promising in terms of how we think about selling and supporting clients in the future. And yes, there have been a few cases of clients that were planning on transitioning potentially to other solutions. And those decisions have been delayed, which has helped us on the other side as well. But again, net-net, it's been very positive. I mean, I'm sure it's not lost on you that this is the best third quarter that FactSet has had since 2016. And I think to execute in this environment and produce those results is something we're very proud of.
Phil Snow: Yes. So we've opened up a lot of APIs. I believe we're up to about 40 that we've put into our developer portal. So clients are able to now come in and program directly against FactSet. They were able to do that in some cases before. And they're not analytics with area, we've seen a good adoption of API. So we began to sell the APIs for analytics. A little over a year ago we had some initial success last year, but it's really begun. It's a small number now, but it's beginning to grow pretty quickly. And I think we're learning as we go as well. So that's one that I would point to.
Phil Snow: Sure. I would say it was just a very good mix in Asia PAC, and I think we saw good growth in Japan. We saw good growth in Hong Kong and North Asia. And we saw good growth in Singapore. So I think the team executed well across the whole region. As we just pointed out, we had some good wins on the new business side. So, I think we've begun to go back to the office in Hong Kong. So that's the first office, I think that we've begun to have employees return to. So it looks like clients are really engaged over there. And as we've spoken about before, we view Asia as it's our fastest growing region, one that has a ton of opportunity for it and where the trends are really in our favor. So, we're really optimistic about what we're able to do there across all geographies and all of our business lines.
Phil Snow: Yes, it's been really positive. I think as I just pointed out with the previous question, that we've been able to do, almost everything we need to do from an implementation standpoint virtually. And our clients are learning how to do that as well. And that's clearly one of the benefits of going to the cloud, if everyone's up there, I think it just makes it easier for all of us to work together. And if you have APIs and components that sort of plug in very easily with other people's systems and ecosystems, that it makes the whole thing much faster. It really just catches the sales cycle and the implementation scheme versus kind of the heavy lift where it's more custom and you have to be on-site.
Phil Snow: I don't think there's anything different David honestly, from previous quarters. So, we had a healthy pipeline going into the quarter. And from what I saw, we were closing things at kind of the same rates that we did in previous years. Like any sales team, right, you're going to have that mad push at the end of the quarter or the end of the year. So, our Q4 is always our biggest quarter. And typically in a quarter people are very anxious to sort of get things in. And one thing that we've done, which has really helped is we've got clearer compensation model for our sales team. And they are really incented to bring things in earlier if they can and they're getting paid on a more frequent basis, just based on transparent compensation models than they had in the past. So, I think some of what we're seeing here is just some of the discipline that we've put into the sales force over the last years, and all the great work that's been done there.
Phil Snow: Well, I think it's very hard for all of us to predict. So I do think that this, if you want to call it a downturn it's different than what we experienced in '08 and '09. But I think all of us, as we look out over the next 12 months, it's very hard to predict what's going to happen in the world from a lot of different dimensions and what the impacts are going to be on economies, the markets, and then us. But I'll just go back to is, we're a resilient company, we've just shown that. And no matter what the environment, we're going to I believe execute well against it. But in terms of talking about whether or not we've seen the worst of it, I don't think any of us can say that with any certainty right now.
Phil Snow: Okay. Thanks, Ashish. Yes, so I think, in March, I think all of us were really wondering what was going to be happening, right, in terms of what was going on in the world around us. We mentioned we had a very strong pipeline. And it just wasn't clear to us sort of how clients were going to react and really what was going to happen in the markets, if you remember, sort of how volatile things will back then. So, we came up with a methodology which we thought was good to, at least be conservative in terms of what can be achieved. But we've learned a lot over the last quarter. And as I mentioned, we were effectively able to execute on the pipeline that we had in Q3. And I still feel good about our pipeline for Q4. So that's why, we just feel like we can raise the bottom end of that guidance up to $60 million to give you a narrower range as we look out for the quarter. The other wealth win was at an existing client, I think we were all -- where we have a pretty good deployment. And I believe that much of that has already been deployed, and that we're recognizing the ASV for that and the revenue in Q3. So it's not the same scale as the deal that we talked about two years ago, but it's a significant seven figure win at an important point for us.
Phil Snow: Well, I think I've been consistent George, in saying that it's a little difficult to see more than six months out with a huge degree of confidence. So, I think we're comfortable talking about Q4 and the fact that we've definitely got the pipeline to support the range that we provided. And Q1, just bear in mind, is typically a smaller quarter for us. So I think in terms of talking about next year, we may be able to give you some more visibility on that next quarter, but it's a little difficult to predict typically and I think given the current environment, it’s even more difficult to predict.
Phil Snow: So, I’ll refer you back to the 8-K there, so we don't typically comment beyond that in terms of changes in leadership. But what I will say is the sales team that's been executing exceptionally well. When I look at the four leaders, the Americas, the EMEA, the Asia Pac region and our strategic client group, between them, they all have over 60 years of experience in total. So we've got a very deep bench and they’re all executing at a very high level. And we've put in a tremendous amount of discipline in the sales force over the last number of years in terms of pipeline management, pricing, how we compensate folks. So, I'm really pleased with how the sales force is executing and the talent we have in the team. And I'm confident in their ability to execute as we move forward. I'm not planning any changes in the organization right in terms of how things are structured, I think it's working really well and it's working well with the specialty sales teams that are organized the way they are. So, we're looking for a new leader there and in the meantime the sales leaders reporting to me. And I'm heavily engaged with the clients, so I feel really good about the team that we have on sales side.
Phil Snow: Yes, I think it's been an evolution with that role. I mean, I was one of those consultants once upon a time. And I checked in with one of them who -- she's been with us for a year. And I asked her what life was like working at home, so she said at that point where is becoming dangerous in terms of how much FactSet she knows. And she told me that it's been a great experience and working with clients and being able to train clients and even finding that it's even easier sometimes to engage with people over video that it might be like in a room full of people. So it's giving us a lot to think about in terms of how we support clients in the future, but I do think there's a way for us to continue to involve what is an industry leading service model for our clients, and just continue that great tradition for FactSet. So, thank you for the question.
Phil Snow: Okay. Thank you. So, I'd like to thank you all for joining us today. I'm pleased with our accomplishments year-to-date and our ability to pivot around the challenges and rally to be there for each other in times of need. It's undeniably been a challenging few months for us all. And as we reflect on this past quarter it's impossible not to think of the broader events that have occurred. I want to take a moment to address that here particularly the Black Lives Matter protest. At FactSet, there’s no place for racism or discrimination of any kind. And I want to extend a special thank you to the members of our black business resource group for sharing and organizing insightful conversations over the past year, including Let’s Talk about Race and The Recognition of [June theme]. I remain committed to supporting our black colleagues and clients and to listen and learn, and I'm also committed to our overall diversity and inclusion initiatives. We had a focused D&I strategy and effort in place since 2016 and we've come a long way cultivating a more inclusive environment. I'm proud of what we've accomplished with the launch of our business resource groups, unconscious bias training, leadership commitments and increased investments in our retention and advancement programs for diverse leaders. And we’re now stepping into the next phase of our strategy and the company plans to significantly expand our investments in diversity and inclusion efforts, with a focus on examining the processes by which we attract, recruit, support and promote our people to ensure we’re eliminating any and all bias and to make progress. We’ll continue to increase diversity at all levels of the organization and we’ll do our best to work to be an agent of change. With that, I'd like to thank everyone once more for your time. If you have additional questions, please call Rima Hyder, and we look forward to speaking to you next quarter. Operator, that ends today’s call.
