Philip Hadley: Bill, it's Phil Hadley. I think if you look at our ASV and you put it on a trailing 12-month basis, it certainly changes direction over time. I think we're definitely still in a market that's very choppy for both our buy-side and sell-side clients globally and that would be the macro environment. The microenvironment that FactSet works in is we continue to invest very heavily in our products. So it feels very good that the content investment we've made over the last 5 years is paying off handsomely. I feel very strongly that the interface that we're providing our clients is delivering a great deal of value in the marketplace. I'm very comfortable from a competitive position, and I feel that when I look at the players in our space, that we're making gains and that when our client's business models figure out, when Europe gets stabilized, when the elections happen, when the equity markets do what they always do and find an equilibrium, that FactSet will be in a very strong competitive position. 
Philip Hadley: I think you have to be a little bit careful because, as Peter pointed out, the TMC data feed that we had was a U.S.-based data feed, which is certainly going to affect the numbers in this particular quarter. I think overall, the buy-side and the sell-side act very similarly globally. Obviously, there are pockets of strength in the world. The emerging markets for us are still very strong and there are pockets of disruption as well. But all in all, I think it's a healthy business. And I would also remind everyone that the first and third quarter for us are always a bit choppy just because it's not the buying cycle for our clients and it's not our fiscal year end. So there's always volatility in these 2 quarters. 
Philip Hadley: I think that if I had to choose a word, I would say cautious. But yet, I feel like when we deliver value, as Peter illustrated, the PA product line is doing very, very well. Certainly, very excited to -- the sell-side seat count growth was a client that made a decision based on price 3 years ago and came back to us, and it's reaffirming the believe that your pricing and that the value that you're delivering your clients is appreciated by your clients. So I think it's one that's never easy, but we feel pretty good about where we stand. 
Philip Hadley: I would also add, Shlomo, if you're thinking about the collection cycles of our collection teams, a lot of them are focused around fiscal year-end collections, both the earnings estimates and the fundamentals, and that January to June cycle is their peak period of collection. So their ability to ingest new employees in that part of the cycle is very difficult. It pretty much need to be pre-trained before that cycle and that would also play into them not hiring in this particular window. They're not even hiring to replace. 
Philip Hadley: I think -- I'm not sure I'm going to give you an exact color on that because it's not -- it's probably not appropriate to do so. But I would say that a large sell-side deal like that is not always at a rate card. And the reason we gave color on this particular situation is just in the particular quarter there was enough choppiness and it happened to be in the third quarter. If it was in the fourth quarter and less material to the total, we probably wouldn't have called it out. 
Philip Hadley: I would add to that, Peter, definitely in a more difficult time in the marketplace, price becomes a bigger factor and everyone of our clients' investment decisions, making it more incumbent for us to deliver more value. And then the market gets more efficient as our clients' health improves and the value and features that you have can win the day and price becomes secondary. 
Philip Hadley: No. So the bulge clients that are in the 1,000-plus seats, and depending on the level of employment and the length of subscription and all of those things, there's so many different factors that go into the pricing. And the reason I want to throw that there is just because if you took rate card times 1,000 seats, you'd say, "Oh, well, that was all the ASV for the quarter." And I think that's where Shlomo was going with it. And I just didn't want people to believe that was really the case in this particular case. The good news in our particular case is that was a competitive win, a competitive win and a rate increase and a competitive win at a better price than we had when we lost in the first time. So all 3 of those things are good things and speak very much to our competitive position in the marketplace. 
Philip Hadley: I think it's a nice business for us. It's certainly frosting. It's not one that we felt compelled to breakout at this point. So it kind of just falls in that bucket of other business for us. Definitely, one that we are more -- add more opportunity for us given that we've invested so much in content than it was 5 years ago. And if it gets to the point where we think it's material and useful from an investment perspective, we'll breakout more detail. 
Philip Hadley: Material is when I think it can actually help an investor analyze and value our business. I think that's probably how I define material. 
Philip Hadley: I guess I'd answer by saying we probably see 2 or 3 a quarter. Most of them make it into the trashcan before they ever even get passed on as an e-mail to somebody who might actually have a deeper knowledge in that product area than I do. But we're very -- we're fortunate, I think, as a business, in that we're a place people would like to go. So in most cases, acquisitions that occur in our space, that would be interesting to us, people are knocking at our front door and we get a chance to take a look at them. But as I said before, really feel very comfortable with the assets we currently have and our opportunity in the marketplace. So the hurdle rate for us as a business to do an acquisition, it really has to be something that's going to be strategically accretive to us to do so. 
Philip Hadley: No. Well, from our perspective, it can take a lot of different flavors. But it really -- for us, it has to be something that a financial professional is going to need, somebody in your firm needs it, somebody in one of our buy-side firms needs that product. Everything else immediately dismissed. 
Philip Hadley: Traditionally, I think our clients hire much the same way we do, and college hires being a big portion of what they do on both the buy- and the sell-side. So that's -- if you look at us historically, that's certainly when seat count changes the most. 
Philip Hadley: I guess the question is, do we feel like our price/value relationship is going to save clients money or move workflow to us? I think we feel very good that there are lots of opportunities even in a sell-side business model that certainly is recalibrating itself. So fortunately, for us, Bloomberg is a 20,000 seat product that gives a pretty nice umbrella out there to fine marginal workflow. And then you've got TR and S&P in the marketplace as well with varying prices for different products in content side. So there are definitely opportunities for us in the marketplace. 
Philip Hadley: I would characterize it differently because I think if you really take a look at our products in the marketplace, depending on which segment were in, we're not the low-cost supplier in the industry. I think what we were doing was building so much value on the content side that we could save the client money because we were monetizing the content as part of the revenue stream that was coming to FactSet. They were, historically, having to purchase that a la carte, so we were seeing share gains because of product improvement. 
Philip Hadley: I mean, obviously, we're very careful about how we provide guidance and it's really what we think and what we think investors should look out for the next quarter. And so the answer is no. I don't think that we've got anything planned for onetime in that. And like I said, I don't want everybody to believe that we'll call out things like we did in this particular quarter. It just happened to be, given the scale of the quarter, that we were just trying to be as illustrative as we possibly could as to what happened in the quarter. 
Philip Hadley: I guess, again, I would interpret that more as almost a margin question because we certainly generate enough cash this quarter. The cash in the balance sheet really is already in the hands of the shareholders, and we clearly could invest more and take margins down. I think if I look at where we are and where we would have been if we hadn't invested so much in the business, I tend to get the question, should we -- could you raise margins instead of -- in your particular case, maybe we should invest more and take margins down. So I'm firmly in the belief that reinvesting in our products is for the benefit of the long-term health of the business and the benefit of our client is the right thing to do. You bring up an interesting question, should we take margins down and accelerate that as an opportunity? It's certainly one we discussed. It's certainly one that if we found a great opportunity, we would gladly take margins down, if we thought that the shareholders in the company would be stronger and would get a good return on that investment. But right now, we're in a very luxurious position and that we've always grown for the most part and we've -- the real choice for us is where do we hire -- where do we allocate the new employees that we're going to bring in because we're always growing our headcount. And certainly, as you pointed out there, we have great opportunities in emerging markets. So on the content side, we're investing very heavily in the content that serves the emerging markets, and then on the sales and marketing side, we're certainly investing as well in building on offices in those locations and sales force in those locations. So we're in São Paulo, Brazil, we're in Dubai, we cover South Africa. There's all kinds of places out there in the world where those are newer markets for us where we've got feet on the ground in those particular area. So hopefully, we're doing the best we can for shareholders, but thank you for the first time somebody asking me that maybe we should take margins down and invest more in our business. 
Philip Hadley: Well, I'll answer the question and hopefully Michael will chime in. So we're not an industry like the auto industry where everybody knows exactly how many cars were sold last month. So the data we get is more anecdotal in nature and we even compete with divisions of big companies and private companies. So the only way we can really tell is by client activity that we see and information we hear in the marketplace. If you look at the fact, we grew clients last quarter, we grew seats last quarter. Those are 2 very clear metrics. I'm very comfortable that if you check the channels that we did well relative to the -- on those 2 metrics relative to the other players in our space. Then at the more micro level, we can kind of see our wins and losses and know who we won against and who we lost against and be able to measure that and where we come out. And that's how we make those statements. But it's not as scientific as knowing how many cars are out there. As to why somebody chooses FactSet, one of the great things about our product line is it's very diverse. What an investment banker thinks of FactSet and why they use the product versus a portfolio manager are very, very different in what they find and value in our system. Lots of commonality in the functionality. Peter mentioned that the Sidebar spreadsheet functionality is a wonderful workflow for both the investment banker and the buy-side workflow, in analyzing companies in Excel. But it's very much an individual decision as to what they find. I would say, in general, our news and quotes interface is fantastic and improving every day. Our portfolio of products is the strongest in the industry. Our Excel product is the strongest in the industry. And our content in many categories is the best. So those will be a few reasons that I'd throw out there. 
Philip Hadley: I don't see anything that's changed. Certainly, if you look at just your business, the assets under management in the industry and how much your total assets under management is controlled by the top 50 players in the world, I think all the market data people, FactSet included, absolutely those are our biggest clients as well and have them for a long time and will be for the foreseeable future. So I don't think much has changed in that perspective. 
Philip Hadley: Definitely. I would also add and just remind everyone that we really have a pricing model that has kind of a base fee for the product, seat growth and also application growth. And the reason that Peter called that out is because the PA suite was the driver on the application side of it, which would have been the buy-side of the business. And that, that revenue would be independent of seat growth, meaning that it's not double counted. If somebody who already had FactSet purchased PA, that doesn't change the seat count number. So I know as an analyst, you'll look at the seats or the client count and the seat count and think, well, that's the only 2 dimensions that exist, but ASV in the buy-side was healthy because it was driven by the PA suite. 
Michael Frankenfield: Hey, Shlomo, it's Mike Frankenfield. To sort of reiterate what Phil said, clients are in a cautious mode. When I look at my internal benchmark and the statistics of my sales process, there's no question that decision-making process has slowed and we -- more of our opportunities are spending longer periods of time in the evaluation or awaiting decision phase. Overall though, we've got some great products that are continuing to sell well through. And the other thing you should keep in mind is that the large increase in users on the sell-side, those users come on typically at a lower average ASV per user number, which you want to be careful you don't overstate the amount of ASV that we're deriving from that segment. 
Michael Frankenfield: It's Mike. Fixed income continues to be a big bright spot for FactSet. A very, very complicated asset class, it requires significant amount of upfront work with each client. But we're slowly but surely perfecting that process and improving the speed with which we're able to onboard clients. Not only are we having success with talent fund managers who have a fixed income mandate in addition to their traditional equity mandate, although we are beginning to identify pure fixed income-only firms and beginning to get traction with some of those firms. 
Michael Frankenfield: Peter, no material change in pricing. FactSet, like every other firm, has to continue to deliver great value to justify the prices that we charge. And when we're building new products, we do a certain amount of enhancements to maintain the pricing we do and we do enhancements in hopes that we can create future revenue opportunities. 
Michael Frankenfield: Yes. We're in the technology business and we know that we have to continuously invest to improve our products. There's a certain amount of investment that needs to happen just to maintain the status quo and... 
Michael Frankenfield: Not from a competitive perspective. The real -- the biggest issues have to do with the lack of visibility our clients have with their own business models. The choppiness in the market makes clients become cautious, and they constrain their budgets and are more likely to maintain the status quo. So we just have to work harder to overcome that inertia. 
Michael Frankenfield: Jennifer, it's Mike. FactSet is still small internationally compared to the addressable market, and there are so many cases where there are competitive situations. But largely, we have a big greenfield opportunity, a large number of clients and prospects -- prospects rather that have no FactSet, formal prospects outside the U.S. than there are inside the U.S. And some of the emerging economies continue to increase their sophistication and their desire to have premium tools to help understand and manage their investment prospects. So overall, we've got a good outlook internationally. 
Michael Frankenfield: I would only add that every client situation is unique and FactSet sales force, the fact that the consulting force spends a tremendous amount of time trying to understand client workflows, client investment process. And it's really based on gaining that understanding that we're able to align products, databases, et cetera, with the clients' needs to identify opportunities to help clients to be more efficient, to help them gain an information advantage, what have you. So it's really that one client at a time approach has served us well. 
Michael Frankenfield: Hey, Glenn, it's Mike. I said it on a couple of other calls and it's important to remember that PA is a suite of products. There's certainly the traditional PA workstation, but over time we've added a great deal of functionality to that, including risk, launch, the ability to publish results and we find that, that's what clients want. Clients want a complete solution, that it will solve many problems within their firm. There are definitely competitive products out there that compete with individual components of the suite. However, no one in the marketplace offers as comprehensive and complete a solution as we do. We're still very excited about the growth opportunities. Large number of our investment management clients still either don't subscribe to that product or only subscribe to a few components of the suite. So we think we've got significant upsell opportunities within our existing client base. Additionally, the functionality that we deliver is sufficiently compelling for new clients that PA is oftentimes the key driver in a clients' decision to purchase FactSet. So yes, there is competition out there, but we feel like our product continues to improve, and we're encouraged by the metrics that we're seeing. 
Peter Walsh: Hey, Shlomo, it's Peter. I don't think there's much to read into it in terms of maybe contrasting your observation of 2006 versus today. In some of those periods, we were investing more aggressively in content and that was offsetting the seasonality of where we source most of our hires for all our other groups, which is directly from college. Our headcount has been -- the growth rate of our headcount has been slowing, and I think consistent with what we've been indicating on previous calls where we think our headcount growth rate is going to modify more closely towards our overall ASV growth rate. And we expect in this -- in the upcoming fourth quarter, as I mentioned in our comments, to see headcount growth reflecting the aggressive hiring out of college for both consulting and engineering. 
Peter Walsh: I think we have certainly -- I guess, let me back up. In terms of overall growth rate, our headcount growth rate has been moderating. If you went 2 years ago, our year-over-year growth rate was in the high 30s. So it's definitely been moderating towards our ASV over -- ASV growth rate because we've reached critical mass in our content operations. Seasonality, I think it's -- the fourth quarter is likely to be our strongest headcount quarter in terms of consulting and engineering. And our content operations is a little more consistent from quarter-to-quarter, but the third quarter likely to be our lightest. 
Peter Walsh: Suzi, it's Peter. Currency did not have a noticeable impact on our bottom line results. Since you brought it up, I think I do -- will take a moment just to recap where we are on currency, in general. 2% of our revenues or approximately $17 million of ASV is not billed in U.S. dollars, the other 98% are all billed in U.S. dollars. We are long expenses, so on a net basis we have about $140 million exposure to other currencies other than the dollar. 80% of that exposure is pound, euro and rupee. Of that 80%, 40 -- approximately, almost half is the pound and the other half is the euro and the rupee. The euro represents 2/3 and the rupee represents approximately 1/3. 
Peter Walsh: Yes. We did make some changes. Philosophically, we'll hedge currency if there is a material change on a year-over-year basis that we'd like to lock in. We don't think we're any smarter about predicting where currency rates will move on a forward-looking basis. We -- during the quarter, we did lock in the euro for 50% of our exposure for the next 9 months. And to recap with where we are on the rupee, we have a roughly 67% of our rupee exposure hedged out for the next 18 months. I would encourage everyone to continue to look at the Q because we'll outline at an exact currency level where our future looking hedges are as of May 31. 
Peter Walsh: We wait for the earnings to be distilled in the marketplace for -- or any other material news for 24 hours before we engage in share repurchase activity. 
Peter Walsh: Glenn, I think what we are trying to really signal in the quarter is that we were really, obviously, pleased with the net user change this quarter, but it was really primarily driven by sell-side. Every quarter we've been trying to get a little flavor whether it's been buy- or sell-side that's been driving the user change. And it has certainly ebbed and flow from most quarters. And this quarter was a little unique because it was -- because of that important sell-side win. So we just called it out just so you would be able to get a better sense of what user class for FactSet that was driving it. 
Peter Walsh: We did have buy-side user growth, but it wasn't -- I wouldn't put it in a category that was material relative to other previous quarters. 
