Phil Snow: Yes. Hi, Bill. It’s Phil Snow. It’s a combination of both. I think the most exciting thing for us really is the continued adoption of our value-added product suite. So as I mentioned in my opening remarks, the analytics suite added well over a half of this quarter’s incremental ASV and that product suite contributed to the specific win that I mentioned in Canada and a whole host of other wins. A lot of that is fueled by the fact that in the first quarter, we released three risk models. So we put a lot of work into that and that is definitely helping along with all the other great products that are within analytics. And when we look at cancellations from last year within the existing client base, there were a lot less of them than there were last year. So that definitely helped with sort of $10 million increase that you saw in this Q2 versus the same quarter a year ago.
Phil Snow: Yes. So I would say the competitive landscape for us really haven’t changed that much from previous quarters and Blackstone's acquisition of TR is recent. I’m not even sure the transaction’s completed yet. And I don’t think that’s going to really affect sort of how we operate in the market on our success and taking market share from all of our competitors.
Phil Snow: So I’m not sure what their plans are there. Obviously that’s an important theme in the marketplace. We have our own strategy there internally. We spent a lot of time focused on machine learning and A.I. Gene Fernandez who just joined us as CTO from JPMorgan four months ago, this is an area that he is very well versed and then we have some of our own plans essentially to use those sort of techniques as well as data science to really look at the workflows of our clients and continue to improve our product suite.
Phil Snow: So we’re very pleased with what we did in Q2. I think we have already sort of laid out in our opening remarks what drove that. And we’re expecting to come in the range of what we said for annual guidance for ASV which was $65 million to $85 million for the entire year.
Phil Snow: So we gave you the range there. It is hard to predict. As I mentioned in my opening remarks, it’s still a tough market out there. So we’ve – us accelerating is going to require executing well, getting some key wins like we did in Q2. But what I can tell you is our pipeline on a growth basis is the biggest its ever been, but we are dealing with a challenging market.
Phil Snow: Joe, it’s Phil Snow. So we’re expecting to come in, in the middle of the range between what we guided for the year which was 31% to 32.5%. We have decided to invest a little bit more back in the product just given what happened with tax reform. And so our longest term guidance that we gave I would expect that to get pushed out a little bit, but we’re going to talk more about that at Investor Day next month.
Phil Snow: So a lot of it is cross-selling. A lot of our growth really does come from up-selling the existing client base and the acquisitions that we’ve done, a lot of which were in the analytics space have helped there. So the deal that we did up with AIMCo in Canada was a direct result of getting the acquisition of Cognity combined with our own multi-asset class product. But that particular sale was a new client. So that was a significant win versus the cross selling that we see within the existing client base. So it’s a nice combination of both.
Phil Snow: Sure. So the client counts – the majority of the clients are going to be smaller clients. Our user count now includes both FactSet Workstation as well as StreetAccount users. And I think just decomposing that a little bit, there were a couple of hundred or more FactSet Workstation adds this quarter versus some losses in the StreetAccount. So that’s sort of what – how that broke out. But I guess what I’ll go back to is what we’ve been talking about now for at least a year which is the shift from Workstation to workflow. So when we’re out there in the market and we’re providing solutions to clients, Workstation is one KPI but I think it’s one that should not be focused on as much historically from an analysis standpoint and I think that’s clear from this quarter’s results. We added at least $25 million in ASV but you’re seeing just a small number of workstations there. So it’s the solutions and the workflows that we’re selling to our clients that are accelerating our growth.
Phil Snow: So you’ll have to show up to find out. I know you’ll be there. But we are definitely going to be providing more transparency on the different pieces of our business and give you a little bit more guidance there in terms of how to think about the different groups.
Phil Snow: Yes, sure. So we’re just pouring more gas on the things that are growing faster, so analytics is one example and CTS which is our data feeds business, we’re making a big investment and building out the next generation of that.
Phil Snow: So my comments really haven’t changed from last quarter. The European business did better this Q2 than it did in Q2 of FY '17, so we’re showing positive momentum there and we’re continuing to build out more solutions with our regulatory group to address MiFID and other regulatory solutions.
Phil Snow: So we’re not going to talk about specific acquisitions on this call, but our strategy for M&A hasn’t changed. We continue to evaluate interesting workflow and content tuck-in acquisitions. And as both Maurizio and I have said, we have the capacity on our balance sheet to do something bigger if the right asset presents itself.
Phil Snow: So the client retention I think – the majority of our ASV really is bundled into the existing clients and the larger clients that we’ve had for a long time and that we’re cross-selling. So I think it’s really just a function of us losing on a net basis much smaller clients on the tail.
Phil Snow: But again when you look at – sorry, so when you look at each of our quarters essentially and you think about sort of what’s shifting the ASV, the vast majority of it is really always a function of the existing clients. It’s not heavily influenced by – typically by lost clients.
Phil Snow: We’ve had long-term agreements with our clients for a very long time. If you’re a smaller client – you’re a small hedge fund or a family office, you might come on with a one year contract that renews every year. But for a lot of our larger clients now we’re negotiating longer-term agreements with them which could be three to five years in length that could include a whole range of different services.
Phil Snow: So that’s not something we track in terms of the metric that we could sort of talk about on this call. We’ve got a large, very talented sales force that has a wide set of capabilities. And historically the cost of the sales force as a percentage of our revenues has remained fairly constant.
Phil Snow: Yes, so the feeds business is a great business. A lot of our success has been it because it’s a byproduct of the content that we collect ourselves and we’re becoming more and more efficient at selling feeds. The CTS team has done a tremendous job standardizing a lot of the feeds that we have. So that I think is partly why you’re seeing such a great adoption of our feeds business is that it’s become standardized. We’re marketing it more effectively and our sales force is becoming more expert in selling it just in general. But you raise a good point there. It’s a high margin business and it’s one that we continue to think is going to be a revenue driver for us.
Phil Snow: It’s low but it depends on the shop. So they may be – we may be servicing a large shop with both a feeds and a workstation. We sell a lot of feeds to quants. So a lot of FactSet’s feeds business goes to quantitative investors who will take our content and put it into their own internal quant systems. But those same quant users might also be using FactSet’s really excellent suite of quant products to do another piece of their process. And in some cases, they’ll just be using one or the other.
Phil Snow: I think it’s not a bad thesis. If it became a bigger piece of FactSet, today’s its 10% and growing nicely. But as it gets larger I think that it definitely could help our margin.
Phil Snow: Well, the first quarter’s always a very small quarter. I think the right thing to do is to show up at Investor Day and we’ll be providing some more color at that time.
Phil Snow: So the analytics business has been a growth driver of FactSet’s business for the last two decades, honestly. It’s beginning with portfolio analysis equity product. So this is really – it’s evolved now to sort of have seven or eight business lines within it as well as all of the acquisitions that we’ve done. Not all of them, but BISAM, Vermilion, and so on. So it’s a great business. It’s one of our stickiest products. And very often, it drives a lot of our sales and brings other products with it. So this is not a new trend. We’re just beginning to talk about it in a little bit more of a granular way than we have historically.
Phil Snow: So this is Phil. I’ll answer the first part of the question, which is we historically have not broken out the transaction revenue part of Portware.
Phil Snow: Yes, so we’ve not seen any impact yet. Obviously, we check in with our business leaders over there. And I think so far, the trends for us in Europe remain the same as they have been. So we’re hopefully anticipating that in the second half we’ll have a stronger Q3 and Q4 in Europe as we did in Q2.
Phil Snow: Thank you. So thanks everyone for joining us on the call today. As we noted in our press release, we are hosting an Investor Day on April 17th in New York City. Details on how to register for this event are in our earnings release and on our Web site. We hope to see many of you at the event. And if you have additional questions, please call Rima Hyder. We look forward to talking to you next quarter. Operator, that ends today’s call.
Maurizio Nicolelli: Peter, it’s Maurizio. Let me walk you through exactly that calculation. So the benefit to FactSet on an annualized basis from the lower tax rate is approximately $0.40 to adjusted EPS. Because we’re really getting a three quarter benefit for the year, that drops to $0.30. And what you see in the guidance is an uptick on both sides of the range by $0.10. So that $0.20 difference is really broken down proportionally, fairly equally to three categories. One is the incremental investment that we’ve made in the product and sales that Phil alluded to earlier. Two, it’s the stronger pound and euro versus the dollar that we’re experiencing right now in our P&L. And then three is a higher weighted average share count because the stock price has risen significantly making prior option grants that much more dilutive overall to our weighted average shares calculation.
Maurizio Nicolelli: So that is our spend on share repurchase for the next 12 months. So a piece of that is in our guidance going forward but not the full amount.
Maurizio Nicolelli: So our adjusted margin was 31.7% in Q1. It dipped to 31.4%. That 30 basis point reduction was really FX generated. And if you look at Q3 that effect is less than what we saw in Q2. But that’s what really drove the margin to 31.4. And as Phil alluded to, it’s our projection that the margin will come in somewhere within the middle of the range that we gave out for guidance.
Maurizio Nicolelli: Hi, Toni. It’s Maurizio. So the employee count grew 9% on a year-over-year basis but that includes employees from the acquisitions of both BISAM and FDSG. If you strip that out, our employee count grew just north of 4% and a large part of that are employees that are in India and in the Philippines which are at a lower cost inherently. So that’s not a significant pressure on us today from a higher headcount number.
Maurizio Nicolelli: So our capital allocation process really has not changed. We’re still very opportunistic on the M&A front. If we’re not doing M&A, then we’re reinvesting back to shareholders in the dividend and stock repurchase. The dividend has been growing very nicely on a year-over-year basis, but we don’t see any significant change to that in terms of growth to the dividend. So it’s really at the large majority of our free cash flow, we’re not doing M&A. Right now it’s most accretive for us to go buy back stock. And so that’s why you’re seeing that incremental 100 million from being able to bring back cash from overseas that we’re earning interest on at a very low basis point returning.
Maurizio Nicolelli: So when we think about that additional investment, we’re really trying to push forward ASV growth and maintain or grow within our guidance. It’s really pushing our ASV growth within our guidance and we’re really – our growth right now for this year is really within that guidance number.
Maurizio Nicolelli: Yes, I guess I would go back to what Phil said earlier. I think the timeframe has pushed out a little bit. And we’re still focused on it, but it has been pushed out a little bit longer than what we had initially thought. And we’re going to give a little bit more guidance at Investor Day in a few weeks.
Maurizio Nicolelli: Yes. So if you look at Q3 versus Q2; in Q2, we had a – it affected our margin by about 30 basis points. When we look at current rates and our exposure in Q3, that negative has come down somewhat. So it’s less of an effect in Q3 versus Q2. If you look at it on a full year basis, it will be a negative effect just overall for the full fiscal year.
Maurizio Nicolelli: Yes, so currently we have 575 million in debt. Our cost of capital is just right around 300 basis points. At that level, it’s still very accretive for us to continue to invest our free cash flow to buy back stock. As the Fed increases interest rates, we continue to reevaluate it. But as of right now, it’s still very accretive for us to still go buy back stock and lower our share count.
Maurizio Nicolelli: And so Alex – it’s Maurizio. So in our ASV calculation, we look at transaction revenues over the last 12 months and that’s what we include in ASV. So we’ll look at the last 12 months activity and that’s our ASV number for the client for transactional revenue for ASV.
Maurizio Nicolelli: Yes. So this year is a blended year because we really only get eight months out of the 12 months of benefit. But if you look at fiscal '19, you would see an incremental – approximately 200 basis points decline in the existing tax rate going forward for the full year benefit in 2019.
