Phil Snow: Yes. Hi, Stephen. This is Phil Snow. Yes, so we know we definitely continue to invest in our call workstation product. It's one of our flagship offerings obviously but we are experiencing pricing pressure in the market as things become more competitive and we are out there competing for the same dollars with some of the larger providers that are out there. So as you saw in our numbers, we are growing our terminals which I think is a positive but part of what you are seeing there is that the pricing pressure for those is higher than it was historically and we are offsetting that with selling more of our value added products as well as the companies that we've acquired through M&A over the last couple of years. 
Phil Snow: Hey, Bill. It's Phil Snow. So we actually see MiFID II was an opportunity for us. We see regulatory as an area that we have a lot of assets that we could point in that direction. MiFID II for one example with specific solution that we’ve developed is we have a partnership with the firm called ONEaccess which allowed us to integrate their suite of tools to track and value research products and services. These tools are getting integrated with our RMS suites, which includes Code Red and internal research notes, and that's going to enable users to look at corporate access events, create a research valuation framework, and carryout quantitative broker vote. So that's just one solution that we have for MiFID II which has a lot of components to it. Another one is with the Portware acquisition, we’ve developed a solution for best execution which is something that's part of MiFID II as well. 
Phil Snow: I think Maurizio and I are primarily focused on getting the acquisitions integrated well and getting back to the margins that we had pre the recent M&A activity. I think we are -- as I mentioned in my note we are just very focused on top line growth is the most important factor for us. So if we do feel like we've made all the necessary investments to drive the high growth areas for us, that does give us an opportunity to expand margins later, that’s something I think we'll be evaluating as we work through the next 12 months. 
Phil Snow: We feel very good about the progress we made over the last two years to fill out the portfolio lifecycle. So that slide we showed where we can go from research to portfolio management and trading to analytics, we feel that we get all of that connected, we are making really good progress. That gives us much more opportunity particularly in the larger institutional asset management client where we are seeing some of the cost pressures. Similarly, with wealth, the FDSG acquisition allows us now to go from end-to-end. Previously we were really attacking the ultrahigh net worth and high net worth part of the market, this now connects us with the affluent. S0 we feel that entire $2 billion market that sort of how we evaluate is now something that we can go after. And then lastly with CTS which I described we are really thinking about investing more in there, opening up platform and as clients look to do more things across their enterprise, that just gives us a whole host of different options in terms of unlocking more value within our clients where that building things themselves. So I think all three of those things combined with our really strong co work station, product as well as our established analytic suite. And we feel like we got lot of great options across the portfolio of products we have. Regulatory is another area which I mentioned is early days for us. But we do have a team of people that are focused on that. So I think as we move forward that's another area you'll be hearing us talk more about. 
Phil Snow: We are certainly not as active as we have been in the last 24 months. So I think regulatory is an interesting area. We are always on the look for unique content with what we have now there is lots of ways for us to leverage unique content. But the current focus for us is really on integrating the assets that we have acquired over the last 24 months.
Phil Snow: It's large market. I think it's pretty well published why a number of our competitors having the space. Our offering Tony has been pointed historically at very much sort of the quant market that was a big market for us. So quant consuming and if they feed for us to do analytic, a lot of clients building application, feeding data into performance system, so we see it is a large opportunity for us. For a company of FactSet size, it does take time for those percentages to move. But we certainly are excited about that area and we are going to continue to invest more in it.
Phil Snow: So I think the competitive landscape hasn't changed that much. As we move into areas and our competitors move into areas we kind of bump up against competitors in new ways. But it's primarily sort of the larger competitors that we've always think competing against. And a lot of niche analytics providers that we compete with our analytic suites. And I wouldn't say it so much competition but we are now I think competing with our clients for the money that they spend to build things. That sort of a new area for us. And CTS is one piece of that. When we look at the competitive landscape, FactSet traditionally is really going to win just in terms of the strength of our analytics, the quality of our content, the flexibility of our platform and the service levels that we provide. And where we are losing now where it sort of we are trading blows with people is when clients are consolidating and those pieces that we don't have. In some cases we are going to lose some or all of our business. However, as we stitch together some of the things we talked about today, that's going to provide a great opportunity for us moving forward. 
Phil Snow: Nothing in particular that's definitely a more volatile piece of our business than the buy side. So we are often large deals kind of swing things one way or the other. We do really well with our desktop products with junior bankers and we are beginning to see more penetration with our CTS product within the sale side. Traditionally that's something that we've really just had more success with on the buy side and with redistribution partner. 
Phil Snow: So FDSG which is the acquisition we did, does have a number of terminals but primarily that business is really just creating very elegant portals for large banks, large retail bank. So that sort of -- they've got digital product and that's definitely a trend that we are going to see in the wealth market. So what excited us so much about the acquisition was combining that with our co workstation and analytics product which serves the high end of the market very well but as trends changed we try to get to more people having the digital solution is very helpful. And we can't-- thanks for asking on the size of wealth market. We can't give you that number today but hopefully we are showing some movement here for you guys so you can get a better understanding. And I think Maurizio and I are getting closer over the next couple of quarters to being able to break things down for you at a more granular level. 
Phil Snow: Yes. So our strategy really has been to integrate the benchmark providers. On the analytic side, I think we've exceptionally strong fixed income analytics for our own product. And there is interest in some cases from partners that are out there for us to help power some of that for them. So we are having some of those conversations. But we are really focused on our analytic suite and essentially being able to create an integrated solution for client that want to use multiple component. And just in terms of creating benchmark, our focus has been more on the ETF creation. So there has been multiple examples of that in press release that we've put out there that demonstrate that we got the capabilities to do that if we wanted to. 
Phil Snow: Yes. I think the product that you are talking about. We see in the Scandinavian region. My understanding is it's a good product. But if that got applied by someone else in the market, I don't think that would have any material impact on our European business at all.
Phil Snow: Yes. I think we've -- and we've talked about it a lot. So there is just geographically, clearly from our comments today Asia Pac has been an area that's done very well. Within the larger clients, when we are selling analytics and CTS it's going into the risk and performance team and in lot of cases into the front office or building solutions for the front office. Across -- we've a very broad suite of products and we service a lot of different clients. So we did very well again this quarter with wealth managers, with insurance companies, with hedge funds, corporates has been good for us, plan sponsors were picking up momentum. The one area that we've seen the most pressure is in our core institutional asset management clients as they are under severe cost pressure. They are focused on expense management, hiring is down and we see the flows from active to passive. So our strategy, the portfolio lifecycle strategy is most going to help those clients. So we think that we are in pretty good shape. 
Phil Snow: I think it's relatively stable. I think the trends that we've seen in terms of the asset flows and the move from domestic, international which might be one that's helping us in the wealth business. And just generally speaking the desire to see increased transparency through regulation. Those are trends that may have going on for a while and it's hard to imagine them abating in the next couple of quarters. So that's our thesis and we have a strategy essentially to capitalize on it. 
Phil Snow: Gross adds have been very consistent with what we saw the same quarter a year ago for both Q3 and Q2. In fact, in Q2 it was a little bit higher. So in both this quarter and the quarter previous we saw a material uptick in cancellations and through consolidation or through complete client failure. That's -- those of the headwinds we are facing. We've got a great product suite, we've got a great sales team with selling as much or more product than we did last year. But they are just a few things that are out of control. So we have to offset that by selling more. 
Phil Snow: Yes. There is no way to predict whether or not ASV growth will continue to decelerate. I think Maurizio's guidance or our guidance is a little bit down from where it is this quarter just in terms of the growth rate. It's going to be -- getting these assets integrated, Alex, is a multi quarter and/or multiyear thing. So I think it's not something that's going to happen overnight. But we got great suites of products to sell for all of the different kind of areas we talked about today. I think that by itself is going to help us with our growth rate. Getting the more connected over the next year or two will take it to another level. 
Phil Snow: Thanks for the question. So it's early days. The transition has been very smooth. John Wiseman is FactSet veteran, he has been here -- he is actually on his second tour at FactSet. He has been here 13 years. I worked with him that entire time and great thing about John is he has deep relationships across the entire organization as well as globally. He was running our global SPA team, Strategic Partnership and Alliances. So he had exposure to some very large opportunities and orchestrated some of the most complicated deal that we have most complex with very large client and has great experience with both the on platform as well as the CTS business. So I think John is going to bring an additional level of focus particularly to our larger account and structure our group around that which should be really helpful with our portfolio lifecycle strategy. 
Phil Snow: Yes. I think we are just focused on getting back to accelerating our growth rate; double digits would be great to get to. Whether or not we are going to get there in the next couple of quarter is hard to imagine that happening. But I think in the long term we definitely see the opportunity for us to grow at higher rate.
Phil Snow: So it's still very early days there. I think I mentioned that on the last quarter. We got a new version of our universal screening engine which is getting integrated, the PA3 product we have with the portfolio Analytics 3 which is getting great momentum now across our co workstations that's going to be integrated into the web. So we've got some nice wins but it's not material -- it's not material driver of our growth right now. 
Maurizio Nicolelli: So, margins would have been comparable year-over-year. If these acquisitions that we have done over the past six months have dropped our adjusted operating margin down to 31.9%, but if we hadn't done those or if you exclude those we would be right around the historical metric. 
Maurizio Nicolelli: Hi, Bill. It's Maurizio. That revenue guidance is our GAAP revenue guidance. It includes deferred revenue fair value adjustment in it.
Maurizio Nicolelli: It includes -- it includes the impact of the deferred revenue fair value adjustment. It is a GAAP number. 
Maurizio Nicolelli: So we went through, hi, Shlomo, it's Maurizio, so went through our purchase accounting valuation process after the acquisition closed. And when we went through that process, the deferred revenue fair value adjustment came in larger than what we had expected. And so that's why you see this -- the $312 million is at the lower end of the guidance range. And so that's why we've been very upfront with everyone on how much that adjustment was during the period.
Maurizio Nicolelli: So Shlomo, it is Maurizio. Professional services revenue is really the implementation, a piece on the -- really the last three acquisitions that we made, Vermilion, BISAM, and FDSG. And so that is really revenue that is built in the implementation phase that is amortized over the life of the contract. And so we've incorporated that into our revenue guidance, but we have excluded it from ASV because it's really not subscription based revenue. And so, to be upfront and to be very transparent, we've given you both numbers. We've given you what the ASV number is and also how much of the last 12 months a professional service fees have been billed to our clients.
Maurizio Nicolelli: I think that's really -- that's really 4 to 8 quarters out I would say as we go into end integrate these acquisitions I'd say it's probably year or two out. 
Maurizio Nicolelli: We don't -- hi, this is Maurizio; we don't give guidance on how much projected ASV would be from the acquisitions. So we don't -- that's not on the guidance that we give. 
Maurizio Nicolelli: I think free cash flow should range right around what we've done in the last 12 to 24 months. And I don't see free cash flow significantly changing. We still generate a significant amount of free cash flow and at time over last 12 months basis above net income. So I don't see that changing. We are still a very cash generated business. 
Maurizio Nicolelli: No. So it's Maurizio. Listen, our capital requirement doesn't change. It's still within our overall structure. And so that were not significantly changed one way or the other our capital investments or capital needs.
Maurizio Nicolelli: So we haven't gone to that level so obviously BISAM does not have this user count because their type of service. And on the FDSG side, we have not incorporated that into our user count as a lot of their users are at the lower tier of the market and it would have distorted just the overall user count for us going forward. 
Maurizio Nicolelli: Okay. So let me take both questions separately. So first on the buyback during the third quarter. Keep in mind we used existing cash flows to purchase FDSG. So we had -- we lowered -- we had the slightly lower quarter in terms of buying back shares during the period. We are still committed to our buyback program and there are still plenty of funds within the buyback program. It's available to us to go buyback shares in the fourth quarter and also in fiscal 2018. On your second question, just -- so let me just -- can you go back to your second question [Multiple Speakers]
Maurizio Nicolelli: So keep in mind our third quarter we don't -- we have very little new hiring classes in the third quarter. So what you are really going to see now is our high end classes increase headcount in the fourth quarter both in the US and Europe and also in both India and the Philippines. So you will see that growth rate come back in the fourth quarter. It's a little bit more timing than anything else in terms of the growth rate on our headcount side. 
Maurizio Nicolelli: Yes, it's from -- it's not totally derived just from the 108 net new clients. It's from the whole client base. 
Maurizio Nicolelli: And there is other dynamics there right so if you are a new data feed client you are not going to be included in the user count. So you can have client that come on board, that spend more than $10,000 threshold limit that are not purchasing their traditional work station. 
Maurizio Nicolelli: So in terms of foreign currency, it is more than 90% of our revenues are billed in US dollar still even with these recent acquisitions. And so that really has not changed and in terms of the denomination, the biggest one will be Yen and then followed by the Pound and EURO and they are very close to be quite honest in terms of mix. But those are the top three.
