Phil Snow: Sure. Hi, it’s Phil Snow. So, we are very happy with the Q4 results. I think it’s a very positive sign that we added more ASV in this Q4 than we did the same quarter a year ago. We have got definitely a good uplift from banking this quarter. So, I think the seasonal hires that we saw in banking were a little bit higher than we expected and that definitely drove a lot of the workstation uses that you saw come in. The performance in the Americas team was good and we definitely saw some resiliency there versus what we have seen in previous quarters. Asia-Pac did exceptionally well. The CTS products that we called out on the last quarter did better than it did Q4 a year ago and the analytics just continued to deliver solid results for us. I think those are kind of the main factors.
Phil Snow: Hi, David. I think it’s more the former honestly. So, we are continuing to grow our user base, which we are extremely happy about. Whenever we do that, it gives us an opportunity to continue to cross-sell and up-sell those users. But what you saw is good uptick in investment banking workstations, high number of wealth workstations, and typically those are priced lower than sort of core institutional asset management workstations.
Phil Snow: Yes, we continue to invest in the product. We have always done that. We are definitely at a lower point in terms of our margins. But as you pointed out, that’s absolutely a result of the acquisitions. And the margin that we are at now is at the low end of the guidance that we have issued for the next quarter. So, we are definitely planning to get some margin expansion in FY ‘18. I don’t think we are going to get back to historical levels within the full year, but we are definitely going to make some progress.
Phil Snow: Yes. So, I think that’s probably pretty consistent with what it is globally. So, the sell side ASV for us is less than 20% right now. So, we are not – as I stated on previous calls, I think we view MiFID as more of an opportunity to us than a threat. It potentially could put some pressure on sell side research users, but on the other side we have got a very heavy buy side research base, which could benefit from it and the regulatory team that we have setup now is really getting focused on what it is we have to sell. We have got some good offerings in terms of the research unbundling solutions. We have got our research management suite or our RMS suite and we are partnering with ONEaccess and Liquidnet in that area and then we are working within the Portware area to make sure that we have solutions, the best execution. So, those are the two that we are working on now, but we are certainly evaluating everything that MiFID is going to include and where we can help our clients.
Phil Snow: I think it’s still challenging. Some of the trends that we have noticed in terms of Brexit, it’s one thing, the continued shift from active to passive clients focusing on that total cost of ownership. I think what you are seeing is some of the benefits of the acquisitions we have done and our sales force getting more up to speed on what we have cross-selling and sort of an operating in a new environment.
Phil Snow: Okay, great question. Yes, so we are investing in lots of areas of our business. I would say within the analytics area and this is true for every area that we have done acquisitions we are going to continue to invest heavily in making sure we get the integration done as quickly as possible. So, within our analytics area that means connecting analytics, BISAM and Vermilion together. In our portfolio management and trading workflows, there has been a tremendous progress on integrating Portware with CYMBA with the traditional FactSet workstation. And what you are going to begin to see now after 2 years of that is real product beginning to come to market in FY ‘18 and we are very excited about that.
Phil Snow: I will answer that very simply with we are primarily focused on top line growth and we are a growth company and we are maniacally focused on getting the right product mix in there so that we can drive the top line. So, we would love to get back to double-digit growth. We can never sort of tell you when we are going to get there, but our plan is not to be happy with mid single-digits. That being said, we have consistently delivered double-digit EPS growth to the market that’s because we manage our company very well. We are going to continue to do that as well.
Phil Snow: It seems like it’s taken forever for you. Believe it or not, we have made tremendous progress internally, working on this, measuring it. We just need a little bit of time to bund it in to make sure that we have got things measured exceptionally well and we are getting close to having the right kind of workflows and products organized internally. So, we are hoping to provide you more detail shortly, but we don’t want to do it before we are ready.
Phil Snow: It’s massive. So, when we look at how our ASV is distributed like many companies within our top clients, we have a matrix which wouldn’t surprise you where we sort of modeled out for all of our top clients who has each of the 5 or 6 pieces that we have and what’s the opportunity. So, I would characterize this as being at the very beginning of that journey frankly. And as we solved the problem for the bigger clients, we are going to be able to – I think create simpler versions of that that we can push down market, more efficiently to our entire client base.
Phil Snow: Yes. What I can tell you is that the – we had less clients completely cancelled, which typically for us means somebody is going out of business. I think it’s very rare that – or is it’s that somebody is when they completely cancel, they just switched over to someone else role of the workflows and then just the client cancellations from the existing client base that’s pretty comparable to what it was year-over-year. So, I think the biggest uptick we saw there are the biggest benefit we got was less firms cancelling completely.
Phil Snow: Sure. So, I mean it’s multifaceted when we think about our business in terms of selling workflows, on the analytics side which has been a huge driver of our growth over the last 10 or 20 years. The integration of BISAM and Vermilion for that suite is really going to open up more opportunities for us at larger clients to solve more problems for them in the performance and risk space. And I would say in portfolio management and trading, the integration of Portware and CYMBA with the FactSet workstation and us having the ability to enter orders and execute orders for more clients with FactSet. That really I think opens up a lot of new opportunity for us in the front office, but what it also does is it links together the research workflow and the analytics workflow that we have had historically. So that I think are – those are some of the things and I would say the other thing that we are really focused on is making sure that clients consume value from FactSet the way that they want to. So, previously that was really just through the workstation. Historically, we created feeds on a custom basis for clients that wanted a little bit of stuff that we had, but now we are pretty agnostic whether you not want a feed or you want an API from us, you want it through the workstation, the web, mobile, us being able to offer that flexibility to our clients and work with them, I think is a good differentiator for our company.
Phil Snow: Yes. I think in aggregate it’s in the double-digit range. You saw the earlier question around our workstation account growing. So I think that’s probably year-over-year in the 6% to 7% range, but I would say that the ASV attributed to the workstations over the year was less than that just because they were lower priced workstations and kind of the transfer of value to the higher add-on products. So, still very healthy.
Phil Snow: These are smaller companies and we have a dedicated team within FactSet that’s focused on the integration and we have a very senior kind of team on the operations and technology side that have been at FactSet a long time to work with the acquisitions. And I would say that we are all – the acquisitions that we have done just in terms of culture and working together has been outstanding. So I think we are really optimistic about our ability to execute on that. We have done a ton of work already in terms of getting all the corporate systems integrated – integrating the teams with each other. We have done a lot of work on the data centers already to get FDSG and Portware sort of into a FactSet environment. We are pumping data into the acquisitions from FactSet. So, we are well on our way.
Phil Snow: We will definitely make some adjustments as we have through our history will evolve, but there is going to be no material change.
Phil Snow: Yes, absolutely. It’s a possible model. We have a lot of contracts today with our clients and many of them have a tremendous number of workstations and already have a lot of add-on products. So, as we move to being a workflow company, we are really thinking about okay, just pricing the value of what we are delivering to the clients and again being agnostic to how they get it. So, it will be a transition, but I think you will see us moving further in that direction.
Phil Snow: It’s a great question. I think as I alluded to earlier we are still seeing some of the trends that we have highlighted on previous calls. The number of cancellations that we see from sort of small clients going out of business and new clients coming on that’s typically on the long-tail. So, we are really just focused on up-selling our existing client base. I think that’s the primary way that we are going to drive ASV. And as I alluded to earlier, I think it’s just – this is a reflection of the quality of our sales team and the quality of the product mix we have and that we have more to offer our clients now.
Phil Snow: I think that’s probably the best way to characterize it. We did see more losses from hedge funds this Q4 than we did previous Q4. So, we are seeing a healthy uptick. We are seeing better performance out of kind of the institutional asset management space and very steady growth in the wealth space.
Phil Snow: Well, thanks everyone for joining us on the call today. If you have additional questions, please call Rima in our Investor Relations department and we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Operator that ends today’s call.
Maurizio Nicolelli: So our share buyback program, we purchased over 250 million shares over the last 12 months. Its right around what we had planned on for the year and it translated into repurchasing 1.55 million shares during the last 12 months. We are committed to our share repurchase program, and we don’t see a change in our capital allocation process or plan going forward for the next 12 months.
Maurizio Nicolelli: It’s a – when we look at the ASV growth during the period, it’s really driven by our premium products, our fee business. That’s really driving the growth at the end of the day. Looking at ASV divided by the total number of clients, it’s very difficult to look and to evaluate the company that way.
Maurizio Nicolelli: So, Toni, this is Maurizio. So, we are constantly reviewing our cost structure internally to really identify efficiencies, especially after doing four acquisitions over the last 12 months. And so in doing so, it ended up – we ended up having a restructuring process during the fourth quarter and it’s really related to employees at the end of the day.
Maurizio Nicolelli: Sure. This is Maurizio. So, our guidance for margin was 31% to 32% for our adjusted margin and we came in right around 31.2%, which we believe is it’s fairly the bottom in terms of our margin. We came in at the bottom of the range that we guided to. It’s our belief as we leverage these companies that we have purchased and as we grow the business that there is a potential for improvement to margin during fiscal ‘18 and Phil also previously alluded that we do believe that there is improvement there. And our guidance range for the quarter – for first quarter is 31% to 32%, but we believe that our margin during the period to be doesn’t have to be at the bottom of that range. We do see gradual increase in our margin during the fiscal year not back to the original FactSet margin a few years ago, I think that will take us a little bit more time to get there, but we do see expansion in our margin during the fiscal year.
Maurizio Nicolelli: So, that’s fairly significant. That’s really related to large amount of deferred revenue adjustment related to FDSG and BISAM. First quarter is very comparable to the fourth quarter and that will be with us for the next 3 years, gradually declining over that period, but it will be with us.
Maurizio Nicolelli: Sure, Manav. This is Maurizio. So, FX has been a benefit to us in the previous periods. It’s because we built so much in U.S. dollar. It’s been very good to us. We have always managed our margin around FX. We have never affected the margin from FX and we don’t plan to see that going forward. Should FX become a bigger detriment to us we have the ability to adjust our cost base to still manage to where we want to be in terms of margins going forward.
Maurizio Nicolelli: Our biggest margin opportunity as we grow the business is really to leverage the overall workforce and also the acquisitions that we have gone over the last 12 months. As we integrate these acquisitions, there is opportunity for us to better leverage ourselves in terms of the overall infrastructure and increased margin going forward throughout the fiscal year.
Maurizio Nicolelli: So, it’s lumpy throughout the year. So, I can’t tell you when, it’s really dependent upon employee exercises, when there is more or less exercises is really what drives that benefit. The one thing I could tell you is we gave you last year’s number, so that you can better model 2018 and we do believe 2018 will be representative comparable to 2017, but to do it on a quarterly basis when it’s really dependent upon employee exercises, it’s very difficult to tell you that.
Maurizio Nicolelli: I would not, it really depends on employee exercises and the increase of the stock price at the end of day that really drives employee exercises.
Maurizio Nicolelli: Yes, Shlomo, it’s Maurizio. So, our current goal is to get our margin back to how you classify 33% to 34% and that will take us 12 to 24 months at minimum to get there. It is our desire to get each of the acquisitions at the FactSet historical margin going forward. And if you look back at the Portware acquisition of 2 years ago, Portware now is very close to the FactSet overall margin whereby when we first purchased them, they had a very, very low margin. And so we are taking the same process today to the most recent acquisitions to get us back to the 33%, 34% that you alluded to for now.
Maurizio Nicolelli: I would – so, currently that is our plan. And over time as we grow the overall business, we do believe there is more leverage beyond that, but that’s not our – right now, we are really focused on the acquisitions and getting those acquisitions back to the historical FactSet margin.
