Mike Frankenfield: Peter, it's Mike Frankenfield. It was a good quarter for us, Peter, throughout several metrics in terms of new client acquisition, which is obviously one source of user count, user growth and password growth. It's kind of a boring FactSet answer, but our growth was very, very broad-based. There were no single big defining wins. There was no significant price increase in the quarter. Rather, when we look at new client acquisition, it was broad-based. It came from new hedge funds, traditional asset managers, who keep M&A shops. When we look at the users, majority of the user growth happened on the buy-side. If you were to breakdown what's happening with the sell-side headcount, we have got solid growth in the middle market, in the boutique firms and that's offset a little bit by still some softness in the bigger firms, but even amongst the big bulge bracket firms, we are beginning to see signs of stabilization and potentially growth. New interns for example are up significantly this year and we will see if that translates to permanent hires in their firms.
Mike Frankenfield: I think there is modest hiring going on, Shlomo. Nothing dramatic, but we certainly see pockets of growth and incremental hires going on, nothing dramatic.
Mike Frankenfield: I think it's a positive trend. Absolutely. Days when we were talking on this call several quarters ago when there was a lot of cloudiness and uncertainty about the direction are not the case now. Clearly the direction is positive hiring, but again I wouldn't get too excited about it, because I don't see signs that it's utterly dramatic.
Mike Frankenfield: Great. Happy to add some clarity to that. QUICK is a subsidiary of the Nikkei Group, in Japan. We had a long-term working relationship with both, QUICK and Nikkei, and the relationship that we have worked on that culminated this quarter was the decision to form partnership to build a joint product that will combine their best-of-breed content that focuses primarily on the Japanese market, with our global content and superior workflow solutions. This joint product is going to be worked on by both, our teams and it's not ready for releases today. It will be ready in the upcoming quarters. We will work jointly to market and sell that product and our goal is to build a premium product. Our goal is not to build a product that is less expensive or has lower amounts of functionality, but rather to build something that is going to be perceived and used as a premium in that market place.
Mike Frankenfield: I think you know it would be immaterial. When you look at the way the after tax rate in the short-term over a longer period of time, we really see the opportunity outside the U.S. as being at least the same size in the U.S., so perhaps over a longer period of time, we have the opportunity for the weighted average tax rate to decline at that - that trend really accelerated in a material way.
Mike Frankenfield: I think Asia is less than 10%. Japan would be third of Asia, so - I am winging it a little bit, but I think that's the magnitude you would be talking about.
Peter Walsh: When new clients come on to the system, they come on at a rate that's much lower than the average ASV per client and our strategy is to get clients to start out with a small amount of service that they can digest. As we get to understand their needs and they understand more about FactSet, we grow together, therefore the vast majority of our growth comes from what I would call same-store sales or sales to existing clients.
Peter Walsh: All these are our kind of thoughts, but that was kind of if you look at it and say, my natural succession plan. If you looked at it historically, you would kind of think that that would be the case. As we kind of got together and put our heads together and we feel really excited about the outcome and in fact it was Mike's idea as we went through the process. We are excited about the next generation of FactSet and you know get to know more people at FactSet as opposed to the three of us.
Peter Walsh: You certainly identified one factor and that is, clients' health overall is improving in the industry. There were fewer firms that went out of the business in this particular quarter. However, when look at the FactSet's product offering and what our development teams are putting together to build a really broad complete product that can service the needs of all these different user types and firm types that I described earlier. We are emerging in a very, very strong competitive position. When I look at the wins we had, the quality of the wins was very strong this quarter, because they came not just from new firm creation, but competing against well entrenched competitors and been able to win that business.
Peter Walsh: On the wealth side, I think you are seeing the combination of some new client growth, but the majority of the growth on the wealth side - it really just represents, wealth represent a large group of users. I think in the past, Phil Hadley has mentioned, there's many as 500,000 potential of wealth managers out there. We are not going after all 500,000, but rather the high end users, which is a smaller community, but still a university.
Peter Walsh: We continue to be in the early stages of fixed income. We had several key wins this quarter that continued to give us confidence and to verify that we are building something that not only our traditional clients who managed equities and a little bit of fixed income are interested in, but also firms that manage purely fixed income, insurance companies et cetera, are all now being to take notice and it's exciting dive into that opportunity, which we feel we are still in the early stages.
Peter Walsh: It would be very difficult for us to break down growth at that level. One of the challenges really in a product like ours is to really allocating revenue and that we sell a terminal based product that has lots of value and it comes from various pieces, so knowing exactly what the client valued in the purchase is difficult for us to do. We certainly attempt to for management purposes, but to be able to break it down and in the ways that would be able to give us concrete information for yourself, I guess I would focus on the theme of - as a business it may sound simple, but we are after terminals and clients and product to those clients and we really felt comfortable we had a great quarter and that we had all three of those metrics move in the right direction. We are gaining feeds - drivers. We are certainly gaining shares competitors as well as new users in a growth environment. New clients, same, and the product mix on top of those users in analytics space both fixed income and equity analytics products continue to do very well. Something like StreetAccount comes off of really small base for it to really be a core driver in incremental ASV based on its core product. We are certainly excited about how it does, but it wouldn't be material enough to move the big number.
Peter Walsh: From a profitability perspective, I think it will have similar characteristics of the business we have in Japan or rest of the world right now. What's exciting about it is, all our clients in Japan have strong demand for the Nikkei content, which is not available currently on FactSet. They are particularly focused on local language, so we will do some work to localize that product and make it more accessible to a larger universe. Then certainly the QUICK group has a very, very broad reach and has client relationships that extend well beyond what FactSet has been able to develop over the years, so we believe that leveraging their reach in the marketplace will help both firms achieve a good outcome.
Peter Walsh: Well, if you think about our business and back up, we have roughly 3,500 employees in the content creation and there is constant investment happening in that space. I think in round numbers, we probably have another 2,000 employees in product and software that client-facing and we have huge internal projects going on all the time for things in the marketplace there is a next generation of PAs, there's a next generation of backend platform. There is a new interface. There are all kinds of huge projects that go on internally. We are very fortunate able to fund those all out of - our current product. When I was talking about investing in the business and not having a leak in the margin is because we are always building this business for the future. Not interested in maximizing next quarter, interested in making sure that we are looking at the next decade and making sure this company is positioned to, as I have always said, be in a position to double, so the product pipeline would be a very long and exciting and boring if I think in which chair you are sitting in.
Peter Walsh: Peter, it's Peter Walsh. Directionally as you know, almost all of our revenues are billed in U.S. dollars, so our currency exposure relates to 100% for us on our expense side which really relates to people cost. Just to give you directionally understanding of what the current impact for us is really negative or adversely impact us in Q3 in terms of expense, just primarily related to the euro, which we are not hedged and pound as well.
Peter Walsh: Minimal price increase in the quarter is I think you accurately - you got it there. Peter, we have moved to this mode having the price happen in line with the clients' contracting.
Peter Walsh: Yes. I think, our effort in product have seen steady improvement over time, and I think we are now in a mode where we are getting perhaps a little bit of a tailwind or at least the headwinds or are abating, we saw good growth out of continental Europe this quarter, which has been a change from previous quarters. Australia happens to be one of our stronger markets and has performed well historically for last two quarters and was maybe a little bit softer this quarter, so it's a mixed bag of things but the overall theme is reduced headwinds and possibly tailwind emerging.
Phil Hadley: Well, through the annual - we have a December succession planning process that we go through every year. After conversations with Mike and Peter, we came to the conclusion that their timeline is less than five years and to make sure we are doing the right thing for the business, it became apparent that we need to groom the next generation of talent at FactSet. Through a process with Mike, Peter and I and the Board, we are very excited to have Phil as an outstanding candidate to lead the next generation of FactSet leadership team. The role of President is a great role for him, because it gives him the experiences necessary to be a valuable contributor in the strategy and where FactSet is headed in the future.
Phil Hadley: I have always looked at the business really from the bottom up, and as Peter pointed out, I think we are in our 16th quarter of double-digit EPS growth and I am really trying to double the shareholder value at the EPS line and what happens at margins sometimes acquisitions are dilutive to margins. Sometimes they are accretive to margin. As a business, we always try to manage margins flat. Obviously, things that come in and out of that make it, so that's not a true statement, but as the business philosophy, extending margins is not our focus. It's really investing in future product to drive our organic growth.
Phil Hadley: Competitive landscape changes very slowly quarter-to-quarter and there are always lots of announcements each quarter about new product, but the reality is that takes a long time for clients to evaluate this product to consider and make a purchase decision and decided if it's the product that they going to go forward with, so there isn't significant change happening. We continue to price our product in a way that captures the full value that we are delivering and we continue to be very excited about our prospects relative to what we can do for clients and relative to the competitors.
Phil Hadley: It's Phil. Our core focus certainly as our strategy is always on our organic and creating value for clients, so as a business we stay plowing ahead and creating value with our strategic plan that we march forward with every year. That said, obviously, we are in attractive place for many business and we are always going to have our eyes out for companies and opportunities that would fit into the FactSet's long-term strategy, so it's something that is pretty episodic and how it takes place, but it's definitely out there and one we pay attention to.
Phil Hadley: Our headcount strategy is really to grow our entire client facing staff, which includes sales people, client support people and product specialists in line what we think our revenue growth rate is.
Phil Hadley: We had a interesting business. If we think of the product that we are selling to the wealth space, it's already been created for the institutional space. It certainly has some limitations in the feature sets that we allow into that, so at a cost of goods perspective if you were saying what incremental product I produce it's really zero. Then even the service level since there are different levels of the wealth basic events, terminals that have features that aren't included in institutional product. It's actually easier for us to support, so I think on margin of margin, you would find it accretive to what we are doing in the business.
Phil Hadley: Our product is very tight headcount in our clients, so it is really needs to be determined by their and the way you need invest in their business. As Mike alluded to, there are clearly signs of hiring and investment in the investment management side of the business. There are clearly signs of health in the boutique market businesses for us which are the bulk of our business if you take those pieces and put them together. The actual trading volume itself is certainly if you are a buy-side or sell-side client, affect your revenue and the levels of investments and depending on where your share is in that process can affect the ultimate staffing, but at this point we certainly see signs of health in our core user classes.
Phil Hadley: Clearly, their revenues are driven by AUM and when the market is healthy it goes directly to the revenues, but I think that the last cycle was one where we definitely saw much lower return to investing in their businesses than we had in prior cycles. I think it's one of those where the cycle it happened, so quickly that people were just way more cautious than they have been in the past, but we definitely feel like the clients are in a healthier place than they were a year ago and definitely one or two years ago.
Phil Hadley: Really, the latter. It just makes more sense. You are at - a logic point working with the client when they are thinking about how much - the service they are having, what the configuration is and it's a very logical conversation to have with the client at that point.
Phil Hadley: I think, the two big workflows we have in the sell-side clients would be equity research and investment banking. On a numbers basis and our revenues basis, investment banking is much bigger for us than equity research, almost 3:1. I think, that certainly feels like the macro environment, when it comes to investment banking and deal volume both, mid-market and large firms is certainly on a positive trend. You are probably very familiar with the equity research model, but the only thing that surprises me is our coverage has gone from a couple analysts to a dozen, so there must be something that's exciting in the equity research model. I think if you take both of those together and weight it very heavily to the investment banking on a user count basis, I think that's why we feel optimism.
Phil Hadley: Shlomo, today that hasn't had the negative impact. I will, for clarification purposes, there are still a segment of the client base that receives a price increase in January, not every client has moved over to the new model, but we have worked with our part with our clients in a partnership and when we walk into a client on a regular basis, we are providing them with training and project work and demonstrating new software updates. What we can do at the end of every year is, highlight for the client all the great value that we have added and demonstrate all the improvements we have made to the product and it's a very, very straightforward conversation.
