Phil Snow: Hi Greg, it's Phil Snow. So Portware is a great strategic fit for us. Many of the more recent wins have been at the large buy-side client user base which is one of our core areas as well. We see this as a great strategic fit. We have, as you know, great penetration within the middle office of our clients, and we have a good footprint with analysts, portfolio managers, and traders, and this really I think gives us a great opportunity to further penetrate the buy side trading user community.
Phil Snow: We don’t currently have a lot of FX capabilities, which is one of the exciting parts about this acquisition. What I can say is that our strategic focus, as you've seen has to become more of a multi-asset class solution for our clients, and we’re excited about the fact that Portware is a multi-asset class solution and gives us more flexibility and opportunities in that area.
Phil Snow: Hi Toni, it's Phil Snow. So I don’t -- so as I mentioned in the comments, our strategy hasn’t changed. Where it comes to M&A, we continue to look at a lot of different interesting opportunities that come across our desk, either in the content analytics or platform delivery area. This is our largest acquisition with the focus on a dollar basis, but as a percentage of FactSet’s size at the time, we've made other acquisitions that are this large, so we feel like we still have a tremendous amount of flexibility. If we wanted to execute on something of a similar or larger size and we certainly have seen some things that have come across, which is nothing that we've been this excited about executing on.
Phil Snow: I guess I will answer that, Shlomo, I'm not sure where that 40% comes from, but what I can say is that Portware has had a tremendous amount of recent success in the marketplace, and this is really driven by a significant shift in their strategy, so they have shifted towards creating really good analytics in automation with freeing up the trade and to spend their time in areas where they can have the most value. So, we really love the analytics component of the Portware offering, and we see that as a very good complement to FactSet and the portfolio suite of products that we've done so well with.
Phil Snow: We included the accretion, dilution analysis in the press release. The only other thing you can really add there is just from that EBITDA margin is right around 20% right now.
Phil Snow: In general we look at -- we manage the business based on the operating margin overall. The difference between cost of service and SG&A is really a function of where we bring in employees. The majority of our employees that were brought in the fourth quarter were in cost of services from both our consulting and software engineering classes. But at the end of the day we’re really looking at the total operating margin that we’re managing to.
Phil Snow: So, I’ll start with the second part of that question first which is yes, the philosophy here hasn’t changed. We want to drive double-digit EPS growth rate. Keep our margin flat and reinvest everything we can back in the business for our clients and our shareholders essentially. So every year we go to a robust investment process exercise where we look at all of the different opportunities available to us within different areas of the business. And this year again fixed income and multi-asset class is very prominent in the ideas and we continue to fund that we continue to overweight that versus some of our other areas. But there are lots of areas that we need to continue to invest in, in the business, it’s not just strictly adding into fixed income and some other asset classes.
Phil Snow: So this is Phil Snow again. So for the eps.com acquisition, no, there wasn’t any significant revenue that was part of that acquisition. It was more of a content acquisition and in terms of the pricing I think you can expect the same thing if I understood the question correctly the same as in previous years where that -- we had very low single-digits in terms of our pricing over the year.
Phil Snow: I think the Portware, I don't have the numbers right in front of me, but this very good overlap with the global offices that we have which is great from an integration standpoint and I think there're like us their bulk of their revenues are probably in the Americas and they are starting to see a lot of success globally as well. So, I think this is very good overlap, there's good large clients and prospects in every region.
Phil Snow: Hi, Patrick, it's Phil Snow. So as we announced we have joined the Symphony Foundation and we -- I think this is consistent with what we've said the past, we believe that open messaging -- an open messaging community is best for the entire marketplace. So we fully support that and that will be something that our users will be able to use.
Phil Snow: Yes, it's a great question I mean they have built a great product. They go credibly deep in some sectors. We go deep as well. We don't go quite to that level of depth within particular industries and when we're evaluating our investments each year we think about that is one of our options, but we sit side-by-side today with SNL quite happily in a lot of our client bases, a lot of things that FactSet does that SNL can’t provide.
Phil Snow: If we think about it right now, it has approximately 20% margin, it will grow overtime as we expect the business to grow and get more in line with FactSet's margin going forward as we reinvest into the business also.
Phil Snow: We've been building out our own buy-side trading solution for some time. This really gives a lot of additional heft to it. We just didn't feel like we had the internal expertise to build for this particular workflow, but we continue -- for all of these adjacent workflows within our largest clients, we continue to evaluate the partner build or buy option for us.
Scott Miller: Hi Toni, it's Scott Miller. We don’t break out growth rates by client or product segment, but we were very happy, we've been very happy with the growth in the wealth space, it's continuing to outperform our overall growth rate and we see great opportunities remaining in that space.
Scott Miller: Hi Alex it is Scott Miller. I'll take a couple pieces of that, I think, clearly volatility in the market is something that we watch we talk to our clients a lot about it. The thing about volatility for us as well is it requires better data, and more analytics and better information in general which plays right into our sweet spot so with the volatility comes opportunity for us. We feel really good about the opportunities out there across both buy side and sell side, our growth has been very broad based across our regions and our client base. So we feel good about the opportunities going forward.
Scott Miller: I think the easiest way to think about our business and the way that we think about it internally is we have very great -- we have great penetration within the middle office of our clients, the performance, risk, portfolio area. We also have really good deployments within the front offices of our buy-side and sell-side clients and we also have a business where we provide solutions outside of the work station. So that’s how we’re organized, that’s how we think and we think there is a huge opportunities for us in all of those dimensions particularly within the largest clients in the market.
Scott Miller: Hi, Keith, it is Scott Miller. We haven't really seen any of that indication we clearly stay close to our clients throughout this volatility. It is felt still fairly healthy as we look at the sell-side graduating classes that we just saw were reasonably healthy, and attrition rates were nothing of know so, we haven't seen anything that alarms us in that space so far.
Scott Miller: Hi Bill it is Scott. It's pretty broad-based, there is the -- we've seen in across both sell-side and buy-side in Asia-Pac and EMEA. We structured our regions so that -- eight months ago to have international split in the EMEA, and Asia-Pac and so looking at across those two, it's been fairly broad-based in terms of where the growth is coming from.
Scott Miller: No, I think they do have some large client deployments which is probably why we're so excited about this it's not particularly concentrated at the top if it's a risk question.
Scott Miller: So, every acquisition, we look at a unique, as you would expect and we do a tremendous amount of due diligence and we think that it is the growth rate of the future opportunity, the strategic fit and the future margins that we projected make the price that we paid a great deal for FactSet shareholders.
Scott Miller: So, we certainly noticed some froth over the last year or two as we've looked at strategic acquisitions, but I would not say that the froth played into our thinking in terms of the pricing for this acquisition. We feel like we paid a very fair value for the asset.
Scott Miller: Dan it is Scott from my perspective, over the year we've seen acceleration across three regions, Americas is our most mature market and so the other regions are accelerating faster, but I feel, I'm very comfortable with the growth prospects for all other regions and I like what we see in the Americas.
Scott Miller: We do have the number of workstations in the press release. I think we were up 3,200 workstations during the quarter.
Scott Miller: Hi, Glenn, it's Scott. Nothing that specifically calls out there was very wide spread. Sell-side was a little bit higher in the overall number than buy-side was, not surprising. We do see good growth in that sell-side workstation this time of the year as the new-hire class has come in, but it really was just good growth all over the place and an estimate to our salesforce and client service group who are out there and they were doing a terrific job and it showed.
Maurizio Nicolelli: We still have tremendous -- hi, it's Maurizio Nicolelli. We still have tremendous flexibility in our capital structure. We will have 300 million in debt when our EBITDA is far larger than that, and so with our capacity to continue to allocate capital to where it’s best allocated whether it is a share repurchase dividend or acquisitions is still very much there, so there is no target level as of today.
Maurizio Nicolelli: There is a lot of them I think, so FactSet’s got a great buy-side client base, it is 80% of our ASV, that's about a 75% overlap with their client base. So, 75% of the Portware clients are already FactSet clients., so that other 25% represents cross-sell opportunity for other products, but the largest cross-sell opportunity is for Portware to penetrate the rest of the buy-side client base.
Maurizio Nicolelli: You could -- so some of our very largest clients today on the buy-side use Portware, some of the very largest sovereigns globally use Portware. They also have good penetration within the hedge fund space.
Maurizio Nicolelli: The acquisition of Code Red only added 40 employees in total, so the large majority of the adds during the year are from new hirings that we've done.
Maurizio Nicolelli: Hi, Shlomo, it's Maurizio. You have it correct. This is a function of revenue. It is very little cost taking out in this process. It really is all about revenue growth.
