Alex Kramm: So maybe we can just start on the pricing environment for a second. I think you made the comment here that it was a little bit of a lower increase than last year, not by much, but maybe you can just kind of outline where you saw good pricing, where you saw maybe a little bit of pricing pressure, where the discussion -- or how the discussions went, if there was a lot of pushback. Maybe just talk to that for a second.
Alex Kramm: Okay, that's fair. Then maybe just staying on Market Metrics just for one more second. And I don't want to harp on it, but can you maybe help us a little bit with some of the metrics? I mean, I know you said $16 million when you acquired it. Maybe, where is it now? And then also, it this truly over now or will there be other, maybe, follow through cyclical [ph] income [ph] and hit the P&L? I guess what I'm trying to say is I think some people are struggling to see this as a truly onetime item. So maybe you can just help us kind of frame the discussion a little bit more.
Alex Kramm: Okay, great. That's helpful. And then just maybe lastly, and I apologize if I missed this, but the margin guidance for next quarter is a little bit wider than what, at least, you gave in the last quarter. So just wondering if you can sum up like what actually drives that, why you see a little bit of a wider range here, where the uncertainty is coming from.
Michael D. Frankenfield: Alex, it's Mike Frankenfield. The price this quarter was to the U.S. Investment Management segment of our client base, it was $9 million. We thought that was a good accomplishment. It really continues to demonstrate the value that we're delivering to clients and how they think about our product. It was a little bit less than last year. There are a couple of reasons for that. One reason is, is that, with our largest clients, we continue to create fixed term agreements with them, where price increases built into those agreements happens at different times of the year. So as we increase the number of these agreements, there are fewer clients that are directly affected by the price increase that we just did. Secondly, there were some clients that continued to struggle with their business model. So there's no question we made some accommodation, probably a few more accommodations than we did last year. However, it was not a significantly meaningful number. The price increase this year affected multiple product lines, including our core workstation, data feeds, really all of the areas where we felt we were delivering the most value and where we had the greatest [indiscernible] So overall, it has pleased us, how it went.
Michael D. Frankenfield: The declines on the sell-side were broad based, not affected by any single client. We're beginning to move into the point of the year where the analyst class begin to leave the investment banks to go back to business school. So we're going to continue to see some softness in the headcount numbers on the sell-side until the new summer classes get hired, and those will start in the May, June timeframe.
Michael D. Frankenfield: StreetAccount is having a rapid uptick throughout the client base. It's available in the core workstation, it's also available on a stand-alone basis. We've organized resources to focus on selling the product into users that have a core workstation, as well as selling them on a stand-alone basis. So we continue to make progress with that product and we're pleased with what we see.
Michael D. Frankenfield: We do increase price in the international segment. That typically happens in Q3. Historically, it's been relatively small and we haven't called it out.
Michael D. Frankenfield: Within the wealth segment, we're really focused on the users that are directing their activity towards ultra-high net worth, high net worth, to managers that are managing $0.5 billion and up typically. We are not worrying [ph] in our product, at this point, towards going after the very, very large historical retail broker networks that are 15,000 in number, et cetera. We're really looking for, within those networks, to identify the key power users, the users that are really acting like institutional investors. So we don't expect it to have a significant impact on overall user count, but each one of these that signs up is almost like setting up a brand-new client, with all of those positive traits that come with getting a new client. They have lots of future demand for products, so we're allocating resources to that segment.
Michael D. Frankenfield: It's is a little bit of both, Keith. There's certainly -- all of these users have an existing system or multiple systems to help them manage their clients and manage their assets. Effective strategy is to try and show them incremental value that we can deliver, above and beyond what their current solution is. Sometimes that results in a displacement, sometimes that results in incremental purchase.
Michael D. Frankenfield: We try to preserve flexibility. That's a feature that our clients have indicated that they like about FactSet. It's one way we differentiate ourselves in the marketplace. So sometimes there may be minimums, sometimes there may be price commitments. It's really trying to get a meeting of the minds between FactSet and the client, to enable the client to do long-term planning.
Philip A. Hadley: Alex, this is Phil. Actually, because of the investment we've made in content in the last decade, it's really allowed us to provide some big solutions that doesn't require third-party data spend like it once did. And as you can see, even in a choppy environment, we're able to add net clients to the client base and many of those are coming from the smaller firms where they can find a complete solution [indiscernible] portfolio manager and with some trading workflows in a very cost-effective solution.
Philip A. Hadley: To generalize Europe into one market is probably not the right way to look at it. I think our experience is that the U.K. tends to track what's going in the U.S. and is very much in sync. The rest of Europe tends to move on different cycles, depending on what part of Europe you're in. I think in general, it feels very similar to the U.S. market, if you're grouping the whole thing together. Southern Europe, that was obviously under a lot of pressure, isn't as material a piece of business for the financial markets as Northern Europe, Germany, France and the U.K.
Philip A. Hadley: It's a great question, Peter. There's no definitive way. It's just an opinion and my instinct. But I would say, certainly in the last 2 years, there's probably 0 increase in that -- in the industry in spend and maybe even contracting to some degree. So if you were to look at our revenue growth, that it's really, for the most part, coming at an expense of the competitor. I would put that on a net-net. So you're netting new firm creation against firms that are going out of business, kind of neutralize each other. And the rest of it is the competitors in the space fighting for the spend that currently exists.
Philip A. Hadley: Our business is not one that changes much quarter-to-quarter, certainly not even really, year-to-year. The players in this space, Bloomberg, Thomson Reuters and S&P, have been in the business for decades at this point. I think the more important thing really, is just to understand what's going on in the client base, of which, fortunately, for everyone in this call, they live it just like we do, maybe even with better information as to what's going on in your firms. Obviously, I don't think it's any news to anybody that the sell-side large firms are still figuring out how to structure their firms. We're fortunate that we're in equity research, which the business model has certainly changed over the last decade, but is still steady in whatever form it currently takes. And investment banking has always been a bit cyclical. But as a function in capital markets, it's always there and it has good times and weaker times. On the buy-side, I think the thing that strikes me at this point, and I'm confident it will come back, is it doesn't feel like the big firms are quite hiring yet. Once they start hiring, I think that's both good for us in seat count, but it also is a signal that they're investing in their business and feel confident about the future. That's a big generalization. Obviously, some firms are in better shape than others but it's what it feels like at the moment.
Philip A. Hadley: Well, I think that one great piece of FactSet is it's not a one-trick pony. It's a business that expands in all kinds of different dimensions. So there's buy-side, sell-side, U.S., non-U.S. and even for us, a newer areas is the off-platform or the Data Feeds business. So all of those, in FactSet's world, have huge opportunities. We're still small in the space relative to the big players. So whether it's users or clients, they're still a huge opportunity for us. And then product lines within those clients, there's still lots of opportunity. It requires really strong execution in a tight market, but I feel confident that we're gaining share relative to the players in the space. So on a competitor-adjusted basis, I think we're in a strong position.
Philip A. Hadley: It's not something we quantify at this point, but it's definitely a very positive side effect of being in the content business, in that you have control of the content and the methods at which it was delivered. Before, we really only had the ability to deliver FactSet in the content of -- in the platform because that's really what people had licensed. And it really is valuable to us because it allows us to serve other workflows. The quantitative workflow, for example, is one that is a constantly evolving workflow and, given the changing computing power, a great deal of that quant workflow happens locally as opposed to on FactSet, and to be able to offer both solutions, depending on what flavor of client is interested in these, it's very valuable.
Philip A. Hadley: I don't think anything, at least from my opinion, has really changed. You see we have agreements with clients. Sometimes we've had several positive things on the sell-side, where we're gaining share. And then you certainly have big firms that have good [ph] agreements where they've got more products than they need and you know that eventually, when the time comes around, that they're going to buy less products. So it's really just a combination of positives and negatives that push through. But overall, it's a negative.
Philip A. Hadley: Shlomo, if you could answer that question, I would really like to find out how. I guess we've been through several cycles and I think the part that's very clear to me is everyone is different. And this one just feels different than the others. So I think your clients and how they respond, you'll find out as quickly as we do when you feel like things are different.
Philip A. Hadley: Well, I mean, I think their revenue volumes are based on assets under management. And assets under management, in particular asset classes, benefit FactSet. So certainly, assets under management and equity mutual funds would be a positive for FactSet. Obviously, equity markets have done well. Some participants have done way better than others. But I think that, that's probably the metric I would look at, and most likely would be the one that would start to create headcount and investment in that space.
Philip A. Hadley: We certainly don't break out the exact amounts. I think our practice really is to call out things that are drivers in our growth and it certainly qualifies for that. So it's material in what's happening at FactSet.
Philip A. Hadley: I think the only thing I would say is that we've had Fixed Income on FactSet for probably 10 years. It's reached the point of material. For a long time, it was, maybe on a growth rate basis, it was doing well but because it has a much larger base at this point, it definitely is a factor in our success.
Philip A. Hadley: I think, at least from reading through all the sales notes that happen on a quarter-to-quarter basis, that I haven't seen anything that's significantly different involving Eikon. In fact, we haven't seen it very much in the marketplace. And the one sales note I saw this quarter was, it was a positive for FactSet against it. So I think that Thomson has an incredibly broad product line of lots of different products. So when one talks about computing at Thomson, you really have to get down to which product are you talking about. And Eikon is a huge product line with lots of pieces underneath it as well.
Philip A. Hadley: No. I think, we certainly -- there's 2 ways to look at them. You can certainly look at employee count but really, what we're looking at on our side is compensation spend. Clearly, our employees are the most valuable assets in this business. So any time we can invest in more employees or invest in our own employees, that's where we try and spend our money. In general, obviously, employee expense, based on the fact it's 2/3 of our expense, really has to come close to tracking revenue. So really, that's the way we look at it.
Philip A. Hadley: It's a great question. So for those who aren't familiar, FactSet's historical platform, the core operating system, that the bulk of what we call FactSet workstation, ran on VMS, Hewlett-Packard's Integrity systems. We've been on a multi-year project to essentially transition away from that as our core computing center. It's an expensive process because it's not something that directly creates features for our clients. But probably to answer your question, we'll smooth out CapEx because the way a distributed system works is you're buying many smaller boxes as opposed to the big lumpy ones that you recall. So I think the answer to your question is CapEx will be smooth and not have a big 3-year chunk to it unless technology changes, which is always a possibility.
Philip A. Hadley: So if you -- certainly in our 10-K and 10-Q, we call out all of our options programs exactly, in great detail, as to what exists and what's out there. This is not the first time we've had performance options vest. So you're correct in that it's not necessarily onetime in nature. The entire employee base has a performance option every year that we grant. Sometimes they vest 100%, sometimes they vest not at all. We definitely try and make our option program in the interest of what's best for FactSet. In particular, in Market Metrics' case, they did a spectacular job and reached the stretch goals that we have set upon acquisition. And we were very, very pleased, it's a great thing for the company and the shareholders. The way accounting works, it's not something that we could accrue along the way, based on the way this particular grant was set up. So it is what it is, when it comes to vesting in one particular period. As far as the materiality of Market Metrics, the fact -- I mean, Peter made a comment in the -- as to we're very excited about it. But coming off the $16 million base, it's not huge to FactSet. I think the only comment I'll make is that, since acquisition, it would have contributed less than 100 basis points to growth. So it's a piece of FactSet and it's certainly accretive to growth, but it's not a material piece of FactSet.
Philip A. Hadley: We try and be as accurate as we can as to what we think is going to happen going forward. I want to reiterate that, what Peter was reiterating, we're really looking out for the best interests of the shareholders and I really look at the P&L all the way down to EPS. So if there are opportunities for us to invest in the business and take margin down slightly, but pick it up in tax and EPS, then that's what happens, because I believe it's best for the shareholders. I'm pleased with the fact that we're still at double-digit EPS growth and it's just a function of an incredible business model that FactSet gets to operate under.
Peter G. Walsh: Peter, regarding your tax rate question, the way to interpret the guidance is to look at the midpoint of the range, and that is our best estimate of the effective tax rate for Q3.
Peter G. Walsh: It's Peter. If you study our buyback over time, you can see that it has a broad range of how much we deploy quarter-to-quarter. We definitely don't view it as a program. It's ranged from $14 million to $109 million over the last 2 or 3 years. So we have certainly viewed the opportunity to buy back shares as being 1, very accretive and 2, opportunistic at the price that we acquired it in Q2.
Peter G. Walsh: When we acquired Derivative Solutions back in 2005, if you recall, I think the ASVs that we acquired was $11 million. We've been -- we haven't been selling the product for a long -- for many years and so the drag is rather small, but it's been occurring over the last several years. And more importantly, we integrated all the back-end calculations into our FIPA product and it's been a very, very important part of why we've been growing our Fixed Income business at very attractive rates.
Peter G. Walsh: Sure. Shlomo, it's Peter. ASV is a terrific metric for about a little more than 99% of our revenues. So your calculation and methodology is really sound. There's roughly $6 million of our revenues that do not incur evenly over the quarters and Q3 happens to be the 1 quarter where it's at its lowest point. Q4 is at its highest point because of interns -- workstations sold to summer interns at banks and that's what accounts for the difference.
Peter G. Walsh: Alex, it's Peter. Our buyback program isn't connected to other items that go through our P&L. It's really -- we're really studying how -- what can we do to have the most accretion in terms of FactSet and relative to dividends, buybacks and also acquisitions. So we were more opportunistic this quarter because we've been lighter on dividends and acquisitions, and we liked the opportunity to add a significant accretion at the price level that we saw during Q2.
