Phil Snow: Sure. Hi, George. It’s Phil Snow. So Q3-over-Q3, we added approximately the same amount of ASV as we did last year. And just to remind everyone, we really think of our sales cycle in half. Traditionally, the Q2 and Q4 quarters have been much bigger for FactSet over the years, and this year is no different. So, as Maurizio just mentioned, we’re gearing up for our fourth quarter. We believe we have a pretty strong pipeline for Q4. We have good visibility into the pipeline, and we have some large deals that we’re really excited about.
Phil Snow: Yes, so the China market’s really an exciting new market for us. We’ve been servicing it out of Hong Kong for some time, but there are many great advantages to being in China, one of them we believe is that we’re going to be able to setup infrastructure in a way where the speed of the product within Mainland China is going to be faster than it has been historically, and that’s obviously a big deal for clients. So where we’re having success in China and a lot of the Asia-Pac region is with our more advanced analytics products. That’s really where we’re competing. We’ve got a great team out there. I was actually out there to help open the office a week or two ago and got to meet some clients in China, so at least from where we sit, it’s really a Greenfield opportunity and one that we’re excited about.
Phil Snow: Yes, we’re definitely seeing more pressure there. We continue to broaden our footprint but the success that we’re having really is as we’ve talked about historically moving from workstation to workflow with a really big emphasis on our analytics and our platform solutions.
Phil Snow: Hi, Hamzah. It’s Phil. So I don’t think we’re seeing anything that different in terms of the flows and some of the pressure that’s putting on our clients from a cost basis. One thing that we’re excited about which really I think fits with FactSet very well is the resurgence of quant in the market. So a lot of the active managers I think are becoming more quantitative in their approach. The pendulum has swung back in that direction. We have a strong suite of products within analytics that service the quants. And with the launch of the Open FactSet Marketplace, as I mentioned in my comments, we’re seeing a lot of initial interest from the quants with the datasets that we’re putting up, that’s not the only segment of the market we’re going after but that’s the one who we’re beginning with.
Phil Snow: Hamzah, it’s Phil Snow. So we’ve been actively obviously looking for a replacement for Maurizio. He’s done a fantastic job for FactSet over the years. I’m sure he’s excited about his next chapter and we are making good progress with the search and we’ll have hopefully an update for you on that shortly.
Phil Snow: Hi, David. It’s Phil Snow. So one of the things that we talked about on our last call was taking some of the benefit we got from an improved tax rate to invest in a couple of areas for the company. So that’s short term. We’ve had a lot of success with our risk offering over the last few quarters and these are multi-asset class risk solutions that are typically sold at the enterprise level for our clients and that requires quite a bit of effort from an implementation standpoint. So we made an investment there in the analytics group to staff so that we could go ahead and close that business effectively and continue to do so. And we did actively look at a few market segments of FactSet across our employee base globally where we felt there were some pressures from a salary standpoint and we made some adjustments in a few cities. So that was a short-term effort. I think that’s what you’re seeing. What Maurizio talked about in terms of our optimization efforts you’re going to begin to see the effect of that we believe in Q4 and moving into FY '19.
Phil Snow: Sure. Yes, the hiring classes for the bank is always a big piece of Q4, so we can never get perfect visibility into that but I think we’re feeling pretty good about it. And again, the sales team I think has become better and better about really managing the pipeline on a weighted basis and gives us more confidence in a number that we see in there. So I think the drivers are not going to change that much. You’re going to see CTS, you’re going to see analytics, we expect the wealth business to continue to do well. It’s I think a similar story to this quarter just much more heavily weighted in Q4 than Q3 as usual.
Phil Snow: We’re not right now. So we did significantly better in EMEA this Q3 than the same quarter last year and our price increase went through really very smoothly. So we’re not seeing anything yet that’s really affecting us from previous years.
Phil Snow: The way I will answer that is I think we feel really good about the product offering that we have for the marketplace. We’ve done some good acquisitions. The integration of those acquisitions is really beginning to produce product that we feel is going to have an impact moving forward. The Open FactSet Marketplace that we’ve released we think is going to help accelerate the CTS growth even further. So I’d say there’s a lot of excitement within the sales team about what we have to offer and our ability to grow faster. But there are still market pressures out there. The backdrop is not changing. It’s challenging. Clients do have cost pressures and that’s the environment we’re selling into. But just in terms of what we have to offer and the problems we can solve for our clients I feel as good as I’ve ever felt at FactSet and that was something that we stated at Investor Day.
Phil Snow: Hi, Peter. It’s Phil Snow. So we have more of an emphasis on regulatory solutions than we’ve had historically. We have a very talented group that’s looking at all of these regulations that are coming out. And we have a very good product, the Solvency II and I think N-PORT is one that we’re also very focused on. So regulation is going to put pressure on our clients from a cost standpoint and something they’re going to have to spend money on, but we think that’s an opportunity for us to deliver good solutions to our clients to help them with that.
Phil Snow: Hi, Alex. It’s Phil Snow. So I wouldn’t be worried about that. We were really just looking I think internally at some of our lower ROI investments and just making sure that we had our best resources focused on the highest return on investment opportunities for the company. So a lot of what you saw was across all groups at FactSet. So it wasn’t like we were singling out sales by any means. So it’s really just an optimization. You’ve seen some of the benefit of that coming through next quarter we believe. But we have a very talented sales force. What I would say on the sales side is that we’re – a couple of things that we’ve been doing is really focusing on some of our larger accounts. We’ve had a big effort to focus on those this year and we expect to see some real improvement in the larger accounts coming through next year. And we’re really looking at our sales force and making sure that we’ve got a higher proportion of our investment going to the products like analytics and CTS that are growing faster. So that’s a bit of an evolution but we think over time that’s really going to help out.
Phil Snow: There’s going to be a range there. So it is our biggest quarter by a long shot and we have some larger deals in there. So a lot of it how we do relative to last year is really going to be a function of those bigger deals closing in Q4.
Phil Snow: Hi, Bill. It’s Phil. So when we did the acquisition of IDMS in Frankfurt, that really opened up a broader segment of the wealth market to us. The other thing that is opening up a great opportunity for us is the FactSet Web products. So we released the Web products and we’ve made a lot of enhancements recently to that product specifically for the wealth market. So it’s being received exceptionally well. We’re getting a lot of feedback from our clients about what they want to see in there. And you’re absolutely right. Now that we’ve gone to a more distributed architecture, it allows us to deploy a lot more desks at a lower price point and have it be much more profitable for the company. So this is a segment that we’re very excited about and we wouldn’t have broken it out separately if we didn’t think it was something that we would capitalize on moving forward.
Phil Snow: Great questions. So we released the Open FactSet Marketplace this quarter with a number of alternative data providers. The business model really is a royalty-based model, so the vale proposition for the data provider is they get to put their content up into the FactSet ecosystem where they get access to institutional clients. We also do a really good job of concording [ph] data. That’s one of our core competencies as a company. So tying their datasets to our datasets and to other datasets there, that’s a real pain point for clients. So we’re taking that pain point away. And those two things are why so many alternative data providers and data providers are interested in being part of the FactSet ecosystem. So what you’ll see over time is that we’ll get royalties from these alternative data providers as they put their data up onto the FactSet system. So we’ve got an enormously positive response from the market. There’s lot of providers that want to be in the ecosystem. I would not expect to see a meaningful uptick in revenue for a little bit of time because it is going to take time to get these things out into the marketplace and to trial them. So we weren’t expecting a large impact this fiscal year but we do expect some positive impact to our growth rate from the Open FactSet Marketplace as CTS accelerates next year.
Phil Snow: Hi, Greg. It’s Phil. So we do have a team here that focuses on machine learning and AI. Traditionally they have been very focused on our content collection efforts. I think there’s still a lot more we can do there to use machine learning to automate more of our content collection and just get more data onto our system. And Gene Fernandez who joined us back in November from JPMorgan, he has been taking a look at that group. I think we’ve made a couple of additional hires. So we’re looking very closely at what internal processes we can leverage ML and AI for and what client workflows can we do the same with. So it’s a work in progress but something that we are focused on.
Phil Snow: No, I wouldn’t say that the competitive environment has changed that much. So we’ve been competing against Thomson for a long time and there’s really no change in terms of where we’re seeing them in the marketplace and how we’re doing.
Phil Snow: Peter, it’s Phil. I think at Investor Day we said that we would break out those numbers once a year. So you can expect to get an update from us in Q4. But as I already stated on the call, the processes have not changed materially from when we presented to you a few months ago.
Phil Snow: Yes, so I don’t think anything has changed from Q2 in terms of the gross pipeline. So the number of opportunities we have in there is the largest it’s ever been from an ASV standpoint. But I would say as we move more to workflow and we move more to enterprise solution, particularly within analytics, there is a little bit of a longer sales cycle there for selling multi-asset class risk solution versus just going out and selling another FactSet with PA on top of it. So it really depends on the solution. But as we move to larger deals with our clients, the sale cycle for those things that are really going to impact the top line maybe taking a little bit longer.
Phil Snow: Thanks again everyone for joining us on our call today. If you have additional questions, please call Rima Hyder. We look forward to talking to you all next quarter.
Maurizio Nicolelli: So that’s really not something we track. We have a broad range of customers that pay us anything from a few thousand dollars a year if they’re a street account user to a lot more than that. We did add 80 clients net for the quarter. Many of those clients were smaller wealth shops as well as corporate clients, so the slight decrease might have been attributed to that, so typically we’re going to be adding new clients on the long tail essentially, so that’s I think what you’re seeing this quarter.
Maurizio Nicolelli: It takes time to move these numbers. I would say it was very similar. The CTS growth rate continues to do very well, close to the 20% that we looked at. I would say that there’s really good momentum behind analytics and wealth, and the research and PMT segment is still growing in low-single digits and where we’re seeing the majority of the market pressure.
Maurizio Nicolelli: Yes, so this quarter you saw a slight decrease, about 40 basis points from Q2, and so that’s a little bit from us reinvesting in certain areas of our product which we discussed last quarter. Going forward, we’re confident about bringing back the margin or increasing the margin. It’s really driven by the restructuring that we put in place in Q4, which will help us with [indiscernible] item to really bring back the margin -- to bring it back 100 basis points higher going forward into fiscal 2019.
Maurizio Nicolelli: No. We’ve recently put through a restructuring effort to optimize some of our costs, which is really headcount at the end of the day, and we put that through in early June and so we’ll start to see that benefit in Q4 and then we’ll see the full benefit come through in fiscal '19.
Maurizio Nicolelli: David, I think you should foresee a gradual increase to margin to get to 100 basis points higher going forward.
Maurizio Nicolelli: There’s still some variability within our EPS guidance and we really wanted to home into a certain extent with the last quarter coming up and we also have additional disclosures in the back of the press release to go from non-GAAP to GAAP which enabled us to be a little bit more precise in our guidance going forward.
Maurizio Nicolelli: So the 4 million you’re talking about is the total charges in the back of the press release, 4.4 million. And the majority of that is the restructuring charge that we took. More than half of it was restructuring.
Maurizio Nicolelli: It’s normal as part of the restructuring charge and it’s something that we’ve had in the past also which is just part of the overall number.
Maurizio Nicolelli: We’ll be providing that guidance come September for fiscal 2019. The only thing I can tell you is that on the tax reform bill we only got two-thirds of the benefit this year because it was enacted on January 1st. There’s a little bit more benefit to FactSet in fiscal '19 but we’ll come out with that full year guidance in September.
Maurizio Nicolelli: Peter, it’s Maurizio. There’s going to be slight differences between the different offerings. There’s so much of FactSet’s expense that is shared to all of those different groups that it becomes a little bit more of a theoretical exercise for us at the end of the day. But there are some differences there that are up and down but they’re very comparable.
Maurizio Nicolelli: I think we’re progressing on increasing our margin for both FDSG and BISAM which really are the ones that we really need to execute on over a two-year period since we purchased them. And we’re one year in but we have made a good amount of progress but there’s more to be done there and that will really help us get to our 100 basis point increase for fiscal '19.
