Phil Snow: Sure, I would be happy to Shlomo. It's Phil Snow. Thank you for the question. For us really the most positive thing is the ASV acceleration, but I did want to go into a little bit more detail about a couple of things Maurizio mentioned in the script. So there are really two things that contributed to the lower revenue and EPS. One was that we closed Portware quicker than we thought we were going to and because of the purchasing accounting adjustment that contributed. And then secondly, as Maurizio pointed out, a huge percentage of our ASV or revenue this quarter got booked in November, the very last month. So both of those items combined having to about $1.1 million in revenue, which flowed down to EPS as well and that was really the main thing.
Phil Snow: Sure. It's Phil Snow. Let me talk a little bit about the integration. So its early days for us. We're incredibly excited. We’ve had overwhelmingly positive feedback from our clients on both sides. And there is just really great overlapping in terms of the culture and both the focus that we both have on multi-asset class and analytics. So we’ve begun the integration. We’ve integrated the company, the people that’s gone well and there are a couple of projects that we have that we’re excited about. I think the biggest opportunity for us is linking it to our portfolio analytics suite and the synergies that we see coming from that.
Phil Snow: Hi Peter, it’s Phil Snow. We’re not I think going to call out specifically the number of Portware users that we have and there is a high overlap with the existing FactSet client base.
Phil Snow: I think you have it correct. $41 million is the opening ASV for Portware and then the organic growth for Portware will be included in the overall organic growth for the company.
Phil Snow: Thanks Alex. This is Phil Snow. So I think Maurizio just guided that we're predicting that we continue to accelerate our ASV and that confidence just comes really from the broad suite of products that we have. It's not just individual new users that we're adding, but it's the whole suite of analytics and feed products that we can layer on top of that that presents such a good opportunity for FactSet.
Phil Snow: A big chunk of that is amortization of intangibles. We don't break that up. But I can tell you that it is a significant portion of that.
Phil Snow: David, so that number will be included -- so that analysis will be included in our 10-Q going forward. So you'll have fairly good amount of clarity on that. It's one where Portware needs to -- we need to grow the revenues to get to accretion even with the amortization by Q1 of 2017 and that's what we're really striving to.
Phil Snow: It’s a good question. It’s one we’re going to take a look at. Q1, that was a big revenue quarter for us to begin with and it’s very hard to predict typically. So it is one of our choppier quarters, but we’re going to go back and look at why it was so heavily weighted to November versus prior period.
Phil Snow: Hi, its Phil Snow, Manav. It’s going to come from two places. One is, Portware now has an army of sales people to go out and we have all of these additional relationships that they didn’t currently have. So we get great leverage from that and then it’s really the integration of our two products. So we're laser focused on for at least the first couple of years on Portware executing and on it's already excellent business plan, but we’re going to take opportunities to integrate content and pieces of analytics from FactSet to create other products, which will help accelerate our growth rate.
Phil Snow: Hi Toni, it’s Phil Snow. Yes, I think over time you’ll see that we’re consistent in terms of hiring for -- in line with our growth. We did end up hiring more sales and consulting staff typically than we do in this quarter versus prior Q1, which we're really excited about the opportunity that exist in the marketplace with the product suite that we have today.
Phil Snow: No, no, not at all. Not at all. We are -- that’s not correct. We look at our capital allocation as a dividend share repurchase and also M&A and M&A is important to us and if we see something that’s going to be that we need to go get, that we'll allocate capital appropriately.
Phil Snow: Hi, it’s Phil Snow. I'll address the second question there first, which is I think Portware has or I know they have an excellent implementation team. So these are -- these are large complex implementations and they’ve got a fantastic team to go out and execute on that. So they don’t need to be brought up to the FactSet service levels at all. We just need to continue to invest in that group as it grows.
Phil Snow: It's tied to equities, but it's fairly consistent over a long period of time and trading bonds would have to decrease significantly for it to affect their revenue stream.
Phil Snow: Hi. It's Phil Snow. So IDC is absolutely not a competitor of FactSet. IDC is a great partner of FactSet. So we don't view that acquisition as really being meaningful to FactSet's business.
Maurizio Nicolelli: Yes Shlomo, this is Maurizio, if you look at our guidance, which is $280 million and $286 million, if you take the middle of that range, our organic growth rate is 9.5% which is right in line with ASV growth.
Maurizio Nicolelli: Hi Joe, it’s Maurizio. If you look at our press release, we were $0.03 dilutive in the first 45 days that we owned Portware to our EPS/ If you look at our guidance for Q2, we'll be $0.03 dilutive for the next 90 days. And continuing, we project to get better all the way to Q1, where we believe in Q1 fiscal '17 it will be accretive to GAAP EPS and the way we really get there is growing the revenue base and also some of the purchase accounting expenses start to decline over the next two to three quarters.
Maurizio Nicolelli: Hi Alex, it's Maurizio. So if you look at our margin guidance, you're correct. It's 31% to 32% and we see Portware being diluted by 160 basis points. The middle of that range gets you to FactSet without Portware to about 30.1% for which you're correct, it's down from Q1. 33.1% is still within our range that we manage the company. We've historically had a range between 32.5% and 34% and we still are very confident that we're within that range. We'll have blips, a little higher or a little lower on a quarterly basis, but we're still within the range that we've historically managed the company. So we don't -- there is no significant item that's different from what we've had in the past.
Maurizio Nicolelli: Our CapEx number will be higher this year because we have a number of build-outs at a few of our significant offices, particularly in New York, which we had over $8 million in CapEx this quarter. CapEx this year will range somewhere within the $40 million range because we’ll have a significant amount of leaseholds in furniture in CapEx this year.
Maurizio Nicolelli: It’s not included in the user count. The user count are traditional FactSet users on the workstation. What’s not in there are web users, users of that Code Red product. So actually FactSet does have larger footprints in the industry, but what we’ve typically reported is users of the FactSet workstation.
Maurizio Nicolelli: Hi it’s Maurizio. You’re correct. On the $175 million of exposure we have the FX on a net basis. There is some benefit there. That benefit is part of that, keeps our margin ex-Portware in the 33% range, but it also helps us reinvest in the business. If you noticed in the last three months we added 407 net new employees globally to further drive the business forward to 10% and beyond from there.
Maurizio Nicolelli: Right now we have $300 million on our balance sheet. Its right around -- it’s below our EBITDA as a company on an annual basis. So to answer your question, we could add more debt if we needed to. It’s a nice problem for us to have and it just gives us the capacity if something comes up that we feel we need to go borrow money to go get in the future.
Maurizio Nicolelli: Sure. Hi Peter. So the analytics product is, since we released the portfolio of analytic suite in the late 90s there has been a huge piece of FactSet success. So when we sell PA into our client that brings all kinds of other business with it. We’ve made an evolution from being just an equity based solution to a true multi asset class solution for that space. And all of the investment that we made in fixed income now combined with equity, we're really starting to see the benefits of that and we have some other products that we're layering on top. So that we continue to invest heavily in that suite. We're really pleased with the performance of it and you’ve been covering us for a long time. So you know that a little over five years ago, we invested more in our CTS product as moving from being just a custom solution for clients to more of a standardized suite of off-platform offerings. And we're beginning to see the benefits of that in our core investment management space. It’s very broad based revenue that we get from that fee business. And we service a lot of workflows, two of the workflows that we do well with, CTS or the quad space, and feeding into performance systems as well.
Maurizio Nicolelli: Hey Shlomo, it’s Maurizio. Just on the margin question, so the goal now is to get Portware to accretion -- to be accretive to GAAP EPS by the first quarter of fiscal '17, which means they begin to be positive on their margin. And then over time, our expectation is that they will trend towards the FactSet margin as the overall company grows and gains leverage over a longer period of time.
Maurizio Nicolelli: I think if you look at the historical average of how much we bought back versus how much the actual weighted average shares number comes down would give you a good indication of the benefit that we received. Keep in mind, Q1 is always the lowest quarter for share repurchases of any -- of our fiscal years for the last four years. So this year was in line with that trend and we have $342 million in available funds to execute on the program and we intend to execute on it in the next 12 months.
Maurizio Nicolelli: So we’ve included it in our guidance, but we’ve also said if it does come through, it will lower both ends of the range by $0.05. So it's to a certain extent consistent with what we’ve said in the past. There has been a lot of talk within Congress on both chambers of the house about reenacting it and I think there is a probably a better than 50% probability if that will happen in our mind and so we've included it this time around.
Scott Miller: Hi, it's Scott. It was pretty broad based. There wasn’t anything dramatically different quarter on quarter. We did see the good uptick in some corporations, hedge funds and the wealth space, which is consistent with new client acquisition and also some of our core buy side clients in the U.S. as well. So it’s fairly consistent.
Scott Miller: All right. It's Scott. We like its taste. We like it's -- as we do our diversified client segment and diversified products. It's a space where we do direct sales and we have some partnerships as well. So it's a very healthy business for us and we like it.
Scott Miller: Hey Andrew its Scott. The fixed income space continues to be going very well for us in conjunction with multi asset class. I know it’s owned. We saw that through the quarter, through the Americas buy side, U.K. buy side. It was a good driver for us and the wealth space we still like it a lot. It’s got great growth potential for us and we got some good stuff going on there.
Scott Miller: We’re not directly seeing it. Indirectly it actually provides some opportunity for us because running analysis in that space plays right into our multi-asset class sweet spot. So in one sense, it’s not terrible for us, but it’s not directly affecting us…
Scott Miller: We view anything after the acquisition date as organic revenue and that’s been our historical practice for every acquisition, to be quite honest.
Scott Miller: Hi Toni, it’s Scott, I see it in line with average. We've got a good, mature group of consultants that we move into the sales world. We will mix that with some outside hiring, but there is not a major shift in terms of that ramp time. We were a little bit opportunistic in bringing in some new consulting classes and we’re happy with how that all looks.
Scott Miller: Yes, I think from the competitive environment there hasn’t been a dramatic change that we’ve seen certainly in the last quarter. There has been some M&A activity obviously that always plays a little bit of disruption. So it doesn’t hurt, but I think it's been fairly consistent story for us. We are winning a lot more than we're losing against.
Scott Miller: Hi Bill, it's Scott. It hasn’t seemed to have dramatically shifted in the last two quarters from what we've seen. We survey our sales force and our consulting group to get this type of feedback and it hasn’t seem to have dramatically shifted. There is no question about it that both buy side and sell side are still conscious of their costs. They’re looking at ways that they can do things more efficiently and we think we played very well into that picture. And so we haven’t seen a dramatic shift. We still feel good about where we're positioned to go and help them as they go forward.
Scott Miller: All of the above in a good way. I was fortunate to walk into a terrific sales force and client solutions group already. So I had some wonderful stuff to work with; great Management Team. We made some changes structurally early on to make sure that we were approaching the world the right way from a region perspective and a client segment perspective. So we think we’re covering our clients in a very efficient way now. And we’ve got some really neat initiatives going on across performance and productivity in conjunction with CRM tools and also some neat stuff going on in terms of new business acquisition, Up-sell initiatives and one of our key goals, which is to make sure that we maintain our client retention rate. So we've got initiatives going on across all of that. But I’m very, very happy with the way things look and looking forward to the quarters ahead.
Alex Kramm: Yeah, just on base business and I think earlier this year you were very confident to get to this 10% organic growth rate. Seems like you're getting ever closer at the same time I've asked this before, the same time it's getting a little bit tougher out there, the volatility environment is clearly we've seen two stocks in the last couple months. So just wondering how you're feeling about the outlook getting above this 10%. We're seeing maybe a little bit more pressure or if you have this visibility with some new clients coming on to really give you that confidence. Any color would be great.
Alex Kramm: Okay. Great. And then it seems like people have been asking three. So one quick one. Can you just call out the corporate side? I think you mentioned something on corporate briefly. How important that is to your business and I am asking because it seems like NASDAQ is launching their new corporate product at the beginning of the year that seems to be getting a lot of traction. So just wondering if that's an important business to you if you see them as a competitor or if it's nothing to really care about I guess. Thank you.
Alex Kramm: Okay. Great. And then just my last question, somebody asked about competition. You mentioned M&A proactively in the space. Maybe IDC you can comment on a little bit. Is that a real competitor to you? Where do you run into them and what you'll be thinking about them with the new ownership or how that might change your relationship with them at all? Thank you.
