Phil Snow: Sure. Hey Toni, it's Phil. Hope you're doing fine. So I think as Helen mentioned, during her script, we felt very good about the pipeline going into the second half. And from what we can see today, that pipeline is really hanging in there. So we are still closing deals. Obviously we're talking very closely to our largest clients, some of the bigger deals in the pipeline. And we are anticipating some headwinds. But we're not seeing just an immediate response from the clients, right, in terms of either cutting back services, or completely pushing out things that were in the pipeline that really works.
Phil Snow: Yes, sure. So let me zoom out a little bit. So I think the area where we're seeing some really great momentum is within the institutional asset management clients. So the core FactSet clients. When we talk about the buy side, there's lots of other firms that are included there, including a lot of wealth clients and the hedge funds, but the core institutional asset management clients this year are doing much better for us than last year. And I attribute a lot of that to the work we've done around the portfolio life cycle, the strength of the analytics products. So a lot of the work we did to integrate the acquisitions that you're all aware of from three years ago is really now beginning to bear fruit. So we can see that with our performance suite, we can see it with the advancements we've made in our risk offering. We're continuing to build momentum in fixed income now that the specialists are back in that business line. Our reporting suite, which was sort of a result of acquiring Vermilion. All of that stuff is doing great. And those are enterprise solutions in many cases, right, so they are not tied to the desktop. So, I'm very excited about that. Obviously, that's a segment of our market that's been under a lot of pressure, but just to see sort of the turnaround, particularly given the recent trends is very promising. Our open platform is resonating. So we have a very healthy pipeline for CTS going into the second half, and a lot of that is within these core institutional asset management clients now that are just, A, either feeding systems, or B, just needing to look at lots of new data in interesting ways. So those are some of the highlights.
Phil Snow: Yes. So it's a good thing to think about and of course we've gone -- I have gone back and reflected on that a decade ago, Manav. So I think each one of these black swan events is different. But -- and sometimes it's hard to go parallels. But I think there are some things that are different now. Back then, I think in some ways a lot of the markets were broken, right, and we saw Lehman and Bear just completely go out of business. And those were large clients for us. So a lot of what you saw there was just clients disappearing, right, big clients. I don't think that's going to happen the same way this time, you don't know. But I think that's one point of comparison. Back then also our clients had a lot more flexibility within the contract. So they were able to sort of unwind a little bit more quickly than they would be able to now if they wanted to, but I think sort of overshadowing that in a more important point is just the breadth of our product suite now, and the fact that we really have evolved from just being on the desktop to being more of a workflow solution. So back in '08 and '09, with the exception of our feed business which was pretty small back then, almost everything on FactSet was tied to people in terms of the workstation, and of course we had PA, which was great, but it was sort of an add-on typically then to the workstation and less of a workflow solution. So I think this is a point of comparison. I know that was a severe sort of downturn in the markets and we went down pretty quickly and then bounced up sort of a year later, but I think it's difference in a positive way for us this time.
Phil Snow: Hamzah, it's Phil. So I think switching costs changes -- there's a lot of work that goes into that for clients. So I think Helen mentioned this in the script, but in the same way that clients may be slowing down their decisions in terms of things that we have actively in the pipeline, in cases where we're working with either an internal solution or a competitor in some sort of bake-off. It's going to slow the decision-making around that. I think it's probably more of the change right now for clients in the switching costs. What I will highlight, which we're seeing a lot of positive feedback from our clients on right now, is we can deploy FactSet very quickly, and our web-based product now is proving to be a real winner in this market. So we are actively reaching out to our clients like we always do, saying how can we help. We are offering web ideas for FactSet, for clients where they need it, where someone may not even be a user today and we're deploying that. So I think we're nimble, we're agile, we're doing what FactSet does best, which is support clients, particularly through periods like this. And the fact that we can sort of get those out very quickly is getting a very, very positive response from clients.
Phil Snow: Sure. So I think the one area, which I think is pretty obvious, Alex, where we could see some pressure and it's hard to predict, is the summer banking highs at the large banks. So we've not heard yet that any of that's getting canceled. But sort of going into the second half, that's when we -- we have some predictions sort of based on prior years and how we think things are trending. So that's usually a pretty decent uptick in Q4. And if the banks decide to slow down hiring or cancel classes, that will affect us. So we've modeled a lot of that in already. We're actually -- we've given ourselves a pretty big haircut there in terms of what we're thinking. And like any flow, we've got things at different stages in the pipeline, all the way through almost signed to sort of 50-50. So, there's a lot of very good deals out there. Our sales cycle is a little bit longer than it used to be just given we've got some of these enterprise products. So these are important mission critical solutions for clients. So what we're not expecting, right, for these opportunities just to go away. I think if anything, we're expecting them and the decisions that get stretched out as clients try to get on sure footing and figure out sort of what they think the impact of all of this is going to be for them. Just in terms of what's in the pipeline, I think it's pretty evenly split between the Americas, and Europe and Asia-Pac. Asia-Pac is a very strong second half pipeline, and it will be very interesting to see how Asia-Pac does particularly in Q3 given that it looks like they're the region that hopefully has this under control. They look like they could come back to work sooner than other regions. So I think that will be an important things for us to keep an eye on. And again, the pipeline is very much weighted towards -- on a net basis, towards analytics and CTS, which are the again more of the enterprise or workflow solutions products.
Phil Snow: Yes, I don't know about non-existent. So we had -- I think our Q3 last year was sort of in the $4 million to $5 million range. And we are -- Q3 is still looking much better than it did at this time last year. So it's just really a question of how much can we close, right, in the next three months. So like I said, we've not seen -- it's been two or three weeks, right, since the news has gotten out there and we're just anxiously awaiting data just to kind of give us a lot more sort of -- a lot more accuracy in terms of either way. But right now, we're still -- we still look good on the relative basis to last year. And I think sort of how you highlighted Q3 and Q4, Alex, it's not that different. We have a very strong Q4 lined up as well, but sort of the relative weightings that you mentioned are pretty consistent with prior year.
Phil Snow: Yes. So I think Helen already spoke a little bit to the methodology that we use there. So the pipeline is updated in real time. Of course, we're looking at that every day. And we're encouraging the salespeople obviously to make sure that their probabilities are accurate and updated. So it's pretty good peak on a daily basis. And just in terms of cancels versus the probability of close or extension, I think we're expecting less pure cancels and more just delayed decision-making.
Phil Snow: Yes, we're not getting calls from clients. We're not getting a lot of inbound calls around cancels or anything like that. It's -- something will be coming, I'm sure. Sort of clients evaluate the situation. But I think it's different than from '08, '09, sort of going back to the question that Manav had.
Phil Snow: There will be some impact there, Bill. But the Asia-Pac is a much smaller region. And it's a little bit more difficult to sort of drop complete analogies there. So within APAC, there are other things going on potentially, although in that, I think that's just one of the factors that may have slowed it down. We've had some change over there, and sort of leadership change sometimes leads to a little bit of a slowdown as sort of the new leader comes in and implements a strategy. But we still view Asia-Pac as a really big opportunity for us and one that we want to overweight in terms of relative investments. So, I think going back to Alex's question about the pipeline and what's in there, I think seeing how quickly Asia-Pac comes back and really executes on the second half pipeline will be important. And sometimes years look a little bit different. So for that particular region, it could have been that the opportunities were just much more heavily weighted towards the second half than the first half, this particular fiscal year.
Phil Snow: That's fine. So one of the things I think that's changed over the years, Bill, is that we have a lot more clients on multi-year contracts with minimums than we did way back in '08 and '09. And most clients are on annual contracts now that aren't on those that have -- they have to give more advanced notice in terms of their cancellation, but it varies client by client.
Phil Snow: No, I didn't. But thank you [indiscernible] but I do have brother whose name is John Snow, which provides endless hours of amusement for everybody.
Phil Snow: Yes. Thanks, Shlomo. We are -- part of our multi-year plan obviously is to invest heavily in technology, open up more APIs, move to the public cloud, and have a more personalized experience for clients. So we are on track there in terms of our investments and executing very well against it. And as you point out, this might be a time to step on the gas in terms of what we do there. So Helen and I are looking carefully at the budgets. Obviously, we want to get as much visibility as we can on sort of what the next six to 12 months look like, but I do think there is an argument here to be made for going faster there, just for obvious reasons.
Phil Snow: Yes, we're beefing up our support desk for clients. We do see some increased volume. Right. We're seeing FactSet used more than ever. So as you can imagine, people need access to our stuff and we're seeing very good usage across the system, and obviously a lot more volumes in terms of trading. So we're performing exceptionally well from a systems standpoint. And we've over time sort of distributed our support anyway. So we've got a lot of folks in India and the Philippines that help particularly over chat. They're very skilled. We've been at it for years, particularly in Manila. And we're able to handle an increased volume. And I believe there are even some people that have been at FactSet a longer time, sort of pitching in a little bit on the analytics side, if we're getting a lot of complicated questions coming in for some of our workflow products. So, everyone is pitching in. There is a great spirit at the company. And this is where we shine I think just in terms of being there to support our clients. So we're doing everything we can in this environment to make sure that we're performing even better than usual.
Phil Snow: That's never really been part of what we do. So we don't spend a lot of money on marketing. We do -- we have a client symposium every year where our clients come and sort of meet with each other, to learn sort of best practices and how people are using FactSet. That's probably every 18 months, once in a year, once in Americas. And we started to do that in Asia. But our sales people I think usually grow up supporting our clients. They've got good relationships. They usually a transition from technical support over to sales. And we just do a lot of sort of direct marketing to clients and working with them. So what's different for our sales force is, they're used to traveling, being in front of clients and sitting down with clients. But I'm sure you're all discovering some new things working from home, I am. And I'm actually positively surprised by the efficiency and even the intimacy that you can get over video. We use teams, which has been really good. So I think we're going to learn new ways of working with our clients and I think you're going to learn new ways of working. And I think it's a great opportunity for all of us to be more efficient. And I guess, Helen's pointed out, we're very well poised, I think for a new world. So it's going to be different. I hope we're all back to work in a month. We may not be obviously, and depending on the region. But when we all do go back to work, I think it's going to be different than what we used to and I think different in a good way.
Phil Snow: Sure. So very strong pipeline in Asia for the second half, as I mentioned. And I think similar to what I mentioned for the whole company, which is heavily weighted towards analytics and CTS. We opened our office in Shanghai. I think it was just under two years ago now. So we've got a really crackerjack team in Mainland China. And we've been driving very strong growth in Mainland China, as well as Korea, which will be interesting. So, I think looking at those two markets in particular given that they were the hardest hit over there, will give us a good sense of what the comeback is going to look like.
Phil Snow: Yes, I think banking is probably the one that could get hardest set for us, but I think that's less than 20% of our business now. And 10 years ago, I believe it was bigger percentage than that. And then I think underperforming asset managers, family offices, hedge funds, I think those are going to struggle in the long run anyway. But I think our core clients are healthy. They're middle market and large institutional asset managers. We've got a very healthy business with sovereigns and asset owners, which -- that's not going to go away. I think that's just the bigger opportunity for us moving forward. Insurance companies would be beginning to build up some good momentum in the private market space. So that's a smaller area for us, but we're seeing very good momentum there with a little investment we've made so far. So, I think there's lots of opportunities for us to grow, but I do think it's that traditional very people-heavy sort of sell side business that could be the most effective in the protracted down turn.
Phil Snow: Yes, sure, Joe. So yes, private markets are still smaller business for us. We only just really committed to making a big investment there in September when we announced our three-year plan. So we've sold a lot of our traditional FactSet workstation. You can see there's a lot of utility there for certain workflows, but we do view that as a greenfield opportunity. So as we invest this year and through the next three years, we certainly see that as a great opportunity for us, a greenfield opportunity. I think private markets have obviously done very well and I think they're still sitting on lots of dry gunpowder to use. So that's one area. And wealth, wealth is important. And that's relatively new for us. I think the wealth advisor of the future is going to continue to evolve in all the investments we're making in technology to create a better work space for them and sort of anticipate what the workflow is going to look like. We're very excited about that. That's the second area for us.
Phil Snow: Yes, absolutely. So we've got a number of large active opportunities. Obviously, we're in constant communication with those firms. And these are large deals, lots of users who like you are going to be working from home; so we're doing everything we can to sort of work with them. And those opportunities are still alive, it's just a question of making sure that we can talk to our clients and make sure they're comfortable transitioning during this period. So we expect to get them overtime but that is one of the areas that could potentially get slowed down.
Phil Snow: Great, thanks. So, thanks everyone for joining us today. And I really hope you're all safe, your families, all the employees at your firms, obviously this is a difficult time for everyone. I'm pleased with what we've accomplished during the first half of fiscal '20, and we're really encouraged by the solid foundation we have in place which helps us remain resilient amongst any future disruptions. The reality is that these are early days and what could be a lengthy period of global change, and there are many unknowns as we head into the future. All of us are being tested and asked to support one another in new ways. And I'm proud but not at all surprised by the efforts FactSet-ers around the world have been making, and will continue to make to support one another. And thank our team for it's continued efforts, commitment and resilience. We really have a fantastic management team, all of our employees are really pitching in, and I think we're really seeing our culture shine through here. And as ever we will use our unique strength to support clients, leveraging our increasingly open and flexible technology stack, and best-in-class service to help them implement their own business continuity plans. We stand ready to meet challenges head-on and remain steadfastly focused on ensuring the health and safety of all of our stakeholders. If you have additional questions, please call Rima Hyder, and we look forward to speaking to you next quarter. Operator, that ends today's call.
Helen Shan: Yes, thank you for your question. At this juncture, what we do typically is to review every quarter where we stand, how milestones are, what's happened in the environment that makes us rethink any of the -- any change that we would make. At this point right now, we're looking at prioritizing spend and we'll make adjustments if we needed. So for us, we're investing for growth in the long term. And the year one was really meant about investing as opposed to seeing the returns early on. So at this point, there is no plan for any change.
Helen Shan: Sure, I will. Thanks for your question. So right now in terms of our ability to continue to capture the value that we provide clients, we will on our larger clients look for enterprise. But that is not something -- it's really by case by case, or really for our strategic client group clients. So at this point, we do -- it's about pricing on a workflow basis and we've had good success with it. So I would see us continuing down that path.
Helen Shan: Yes, that's helpful, Alex. So everything that Phil said is spot on. And as we thought about the pipeline and our view on the risk, as we said, it's delay in decision-making, which is about, let's call it half of where we think the risk would come from, a longer implementation, which is, let's call it another quarter-ish, and then the balance could be due to user growth, meaning that if we had a reduction there. So on those first two buckets, as Phil was alluding to, that is a little more long-timing. And so we did do a lot of thinking, and as you can appreciate, we're a little more arts and science. But in thinking through them, not only where they are along the funnel, but also the sentiment. And so that's how we came about this. And hopefully, that gives you a little bit of a perspective of how we thought about the pipeline and what would be at risk.
Helen Shan: Yes. Thank you for your question. As you can imagine, I did mention this is a little more arts and science, right. So we really took a look at the sentiment on deals and then adjusted our range accordingly. So we said up to $25 million, we take $12.5 million. That's a little bit of how you move from a midpoint perspective. So I'm not sure it's -- we were trying to be much more precise than that. I think as you think about the cadence of how the ASV is meant to come in, I would look at our last couple of years where you have seen the bulk come in, in Q4, as a percentage. And I would say that was, as Phil mentioned, we're filling at least for Q3 through March, we've not seen major impact. And so we're filling ahead. But that being said, the cadence and the percentages, I would look towards how we've performed in the last two years.
Helen Shan: And Ashish, if you think about, we are only a few weeks in here, right. At least here on in the western part of the world. But our ability to significantly operate remotely, we've had no disruption in our top 20 deals. We've not -- there has been no delay as of now. We are fully operational. We've added resources to our helped desk. We've had really good engagement. So again this is just real time -- you're getting real-time data from us. And that's our best view at this juncture.
Helen Shan: And just to add to that, there was a fair amount of political unrest that was happening in particular in Hong Kong. Right. So there are I think multiple factors that need to be taken into consideration.
Helen Shan: And I think, just to add a little to that is the, if anything what this period of time is telling us is our ability, how important it is for this transformation for us in digital technology investments. So I think that's a positive. And then secondly, the spend that we've done on our infrastructure is allowing us to be able to work remotely and to have more of our enterprise applications on the cloud, again a positive. So I think the current situation and reinforced some of the decisions we've made.
Helen Shan: Right. No, thank you for the question. And we didn't address that yet. So in terms of this quarter, foreign exchange was not an impact on our margins. It was fairly neutral. So from that perspective, there was no impact. But going forward, we typically hedge around, it's a rolling exposure hedged about 50%. So looking where we are right now, we just looked at this last week,. I think our exposure to the pound and the euro will potentially give us some benefits, as it relates to where we locked in for the peso and the rupee, a little bit less so, but they're all very good levels. So we're very comfortable with that.
Helen Shan: Hi, thanks for your question. I'll take the first shot at that one. So we typically do annual price increases, and you're right. As we saw in Q2, we're very pleased with the improvement that we were able to get, which reflects what our clients value from us. So I think that's a real positive, and it also reflects all the investment enhancements that we've made to it. As it relates to Q3 and the international clients, right now, I would say if you look at what did last year versus this year, we feel very good of where we stand. We're likely to be there or better. And as you know right now, this is an annual -- we do it annually. So by the we finish Q3, that will have done through that price increase sector at that point.
Helen Shan: Yes. Sure. Yes, so let me kind of go back on what we were talking about earlier. So when we thought about the risk, I think about 50% was really attributed to delays in terms of the amount of time. That's adding another layer of arts and science there, but we looked at also where it was in the pipeline in terms of the sentiment and how far long discussions were. So I think it's a little bit hard, George, to pinpoint more than what we identify. So I would say about half of it was based on delay in timing.
Helen Shan: Yes. So, as we discussed, we're not changing guidance. So as it relates to this year, we think that any of the impact from revenue, if this comes to fruition, we'll be able to offset with the expense actions that I talked about earlier. As it relates to the outlook for the three-year, there is nothing there new. I think we are way early in this process to be thinking about what the impact will be and will continue to focus on FY '20.
Helen Shan: As we discussed in terms of what we're managing from an expense perspective, we have maintained our guidance. We will focus on hiring on the areas like the investment plan. So there's no change there. As you might guess, we will be taking a hard look. So if there are new hires that are I'll say less essential in the near term, then we'll modulate accordingly. But at this juncture, there is no material leering from what our plan is, as it's been for the balance of the year.
