Phil Snow: Yes. Thanks, Manav. Yes, when we published our 3-year plan six quarters ago, we have a 3-year window to get 80% into the public cloud, which will just give us, I think, a lot of advantages in terms of speed and agility across how we develop products and how we deliver product to our clients. So I’d say we’re on pace. We are halfway through that journey. We’re already beginning to see a lot of the benefits from being in the public cloud. So that is a major piece of the move from a technology standpoint. I would say the second thing is opening up the platform. So providing APIs to access FactSet content and analytics, whether or not you’re our clients and you want to just program directly against our database or if you want to access it through some other means through some other channel, we are making that available as well. And it should also make FactSet easier to integrate with other third party systems. So that’s another important aspect of that. So overall, we’re pleased. I’d say we are halfway through that original plan. We are a technology company. So of course, that never ends. But we are beginning to definitely see some of the benefits of the work that we have been doing.
Phil Snow: Yes. I would say it’s still different than StreetAccount. So we certainly have a fantastic product there that we can sell today as its own offering. That will continue. Very often, that’s to feed these days. However, we have done a lot of work already to integrate the Truvalue Labs data through the FactSet workflows. So I think we all sort of recognize that ESG is very important and will be a piece of just about everybody’s workflow in some way, shape or form. So for us, making sure that you can access ESG directly or as an overlay, whether you’re a research analyst, you’re a quant, maybe you want to look at your portfolios and group things a certain way or add in some metrics, we want to make sure that all of that’s available through our platform. And one of the advantages, again, of using FactSet is you can seamlessly stitch together all those workflows. So we have learned a lot in terms of integration during our lifetime. And this has been one of the faster integrations of both the people and the technology and the content that I have seen. So we are well on our way. We’re very optimistic about ESG as a theme and we think we will begin to see the benefits of that before too long.
Phil Snow: Thanks, Toni. We see a ton of opportunity in wealth. It’s one of our fastest growing firm types that we sell into. Obviously, these big wins are very important because I think it gets us more noticed in the marketplace. And as advisers move around from firm to firm over the years, I think they will get used to using FactSet as a tool. So we think there is a ton of runway here. We see that there are a lot of interesting trends going on in the wealth space. And today, we own a small piece of the workflow. One thing that we’re excited about is our Adviser Dashboard product, which essentially helps an adviser think about what their next best action is. So we’re beginning to introduce cognitive computing to look at the clients’ portfolios and the news associated with the holdings they have to really help them organize their day and so on. So we think that’s unique and good opportunity for us. And we just think that in terms of the wealth space, there are lots of other places over time that we could begin to move into that would be accretive to FactSet.
Phil Snow: Yes, sure. On the product side, we have very good search functionality. So, it’s very easy for an adviser to come into our wealth offering and find what it is they are looking for very quickly. That has been a big winner. And our web offering is seamless to navigate as well just in terms of sort of navigating from screen to screen. The speed of the product is really good. So if you are an adviser and you are managing the assets of 200 families or individuals being able to kind of get around quickly is important and service has been a big piece of this, Toni. So, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, we were able to virtually rollout this offering to, I think 8,000 advisers really quickly. And in some ways, doing it virtually was easier than how we might have done it 2 years ago, which would be literally to fly around to almost every city we could to train people in person. So we have learned a lot about efficiency over the last year and that’s been a good experience on both sides. So, I think it’s that classic FactSet combo of the product and the service that’s really allowing us to win here and it’s the investments that we made in technology that I just spoke about that are allowing us to scale, upload more portfolios and support more people than we might have been able to do on our old tech set.
Phil Snow: Yes, sure. So let me – I’ll try to answer both of those. And Helen, please chime in on the second one, if there’s more to be said. So in terms of the acceleration, Hamzah, we are seeing very good performance from our research offering. So the core workstation and core web offerings are doing very well. So yes, obviously, it was a really nice win and a lot of the users you see there in terms of the increase were driven from that. But we are also doing exceptionally well with our large banking clients in terms of renewals and the adoption, just more usage through our deep sector offering so that certainly has been a driver. And we have seen I think good uplift in terms of buy side as well in terms of the research offering. So I think it’s that core FactSet workstation that is performing well in this environment, given the investments that we’ve made and some of the trends that are out there. So that’s the main thing that I would attribute it to. And revenue always takes a long time to catch up to ASV. So a lot of our ASV comes in the second half and the amount of revenue that we capture from that isn’t as much as we would from stuff that we closed in Q1 and you knew that in the Q1 we were sort of minus 7% out on the ASV side.
Phil Snow: Yes, we can do it with the headcount we have today. As I mentioned on the RBC win, we were able to deploy a large number of users very virtually. So, I think what we are learning is that for the non-enterprise-wide sales sort of selling and supporting our clients for the core workstation is something that we can do very efficiently and we are beginning to explore new ways of how to double down on that in terms of how we can get more of those clients at the smaller end more efficiently so that we can focus the rest of our resources on the larger, more enterprise-wide deployments.
Phil Snow: Yes, thanks for the question. In the asset owner space, our analytics suite really plays a big part there. So very often, when we are working with asset owners, we will be doing risk deployments or we will be doing portfolio analytics across either their internally managed or externally managed assets. So we are – we have done a lot of work as you know across the portfolio lifecycle and we have done a lot of work to invest in multi-asset class offerings. So, we do have some good momentum across different types of asset owners and it’s a space that we are increasingly optimistic about.
Phil Snow: Yes. So, we have a good relationship with Ping An in China. And I think they have developed some very good ESG content and we just – we are a good channel partner for them. So, I think where you will see this show up first of all, is in the open FactSet marketplace and then we should have plans to integrate that into the FactSet offering for the workflows that our clients care about. And I am not in a position to sort of talk about whether or not it’s an exclusive.
Phil Snow: Hey, Alex. Yes, we are very happy with the pipeline for the second half. So we do have a healthy pipeline. I would say for us to – and we certainly have a pipeline that could support the top end of our range. So, the things that I think would need to go right there would be the banking hiring in Q4. That’s always a big variable for us. So, I think if the banks are having good hiring this year that bodes well for us just sort of given about some of the trends we already talked about on the sell side. We are optimistic that we will be able to execute on our Q3 price increase in EMEA and Asia-Pac, which comes after the Q2 price increase in the Americas. The one area of our business that slowed a little bit is analytics. It has, I think, the highest absolute ASC contribution in most years. And what’s happening there, I believe is that because of the COVID environment, these longer sales cycle, more complicated implementations are taking a little bit longer. The analytics pipeline is very healthy. It’s comparable to last year. So if we’re able to execute on that well, I’m optimistic about what that means in terms of ASV for the full year.
Phil Snow: Sure. Thanks, Shlomo. So, one of the things that I mentioned in my comments was moving our content collection efforts to the cloud. So we have been working on sort of refactoring how we collect content and how we store content so that we can onboard content more quickly. So when you talk about deep sector, private markets, very often, these data sets can be orders of magnitude more than we’ve been used to collecting in the past. So that was a very important piece of work that we’ve been undergoing. So we’re beginning to see some of the benefits of that. More will come later, I believe, on both the products and the cost side as we complete that work. So that’s one good example. The APIs and the endpoints that we’re setting up, those are also getting some pretty good adoption, particularly in analytics. So that’s a great example. And then I think when you consider some of the work we’re doing with firms like Snowflake, for example, where we’re able to sort of work with them and provide our data feeds and our concordance as a service, all of this is wrapped up into our digital transformation efforts. So – there is a lot of foundational work here, a lot of costs associated with moving, but there – the real payoff will come when the work is completed over the next year or two.
Phil Snow: Yes, we saw a slowdown in Europe. We did have one pretty large cancellation this quarter actually that had to do with the digital offering. So it was – you remember, we acquired IDMS a few years back, and this was a pretty large bank in Europe that had a big digital offering there. So it was a legacy product that we ended up losing, which contributed to some of that slowdown, but I’d characterize that as more of a one-off.
Phil Snow: Yes, good question. So consolidation, obviously, has been going on for a long time in our end markets. And I’ve mentioned this on previous calls, but we are having more and more exciting conversations with our asset management clients at the C level. So very often now, we’ll be talking to CTOs, CIOs about FactSet’s overall offering from research, all the way through the client reporting. And as these firms are consolidating, the equation for them gets more and more complicated in terms of how do they rationalize their spend across a large number of vendors and how do they make sense out of that technology stack and how they are managing their own data throughout their workflows. So we are so well positioned for these conversations now, given the offerings we have all the way across the portfolio life cycle and the integration that we’ve done and our move to the cloud. So when we sit down with our clients now and talk about the trends in the marketplace that they are dealing with, which in some ways are the same trends we’re dealing with as a technology company, we’re having really good conversations about how we can help them. So there is a big push, I believe, within the asset management space for these larger asset managers, particularly that are stitching together different entities to really simplify their lives, which means simplify the number of technology providers they deal with and simplify the number of data providers they deal with. So we’re running towards those conversations. And these are longer term efforts with our clients, but I’m very encouraged by the level of conversations that our sales and technology teams are having with clients on the buy side.
Phil Snow: Yes. The second part of your question is these larger asset managers really only want to deal with sort of one or maybe two major partners to build their ecosystem around. And there is a pretty short list, frankly, of firms that are able to do that for them. And FactSet is one of the firms on the shortlist. So there is some consolidation, there are other people kind of moving into the space, as you mentioned. But in terms of firms that have the number of workflows and a critical massive content for the clients, that’s a pretty short list.
Phil Snow: Helen, do you have the details on that? I believe it may be spread out over a couple of quarters, as are the users.
Phil Snow: Yes. So we’ve done work on financials, insurance and real estate. Those are the three that we’re talking about now. But as part of our 3-year plan, we did – we are actively – have plans to do more than those three sectors.
Phil Snow: Hey, George, it’s Phil. I think it’s a lot more than the RBC win. As I mentioned earlier, the confidence that we have in our research products and the performance that we’re seeing there is very encouraging because the core workstation and web offering can be sold to all different client types. And when you see the number of net new clients that we added this quarter, even though they were on the smaller side for the net new business, it was a really healthy mix across asset managers, hedge funds, asset owners, private equity, corporates. So pretty much across the board, we’re adding new names, which I think is a great indication of the strength there. And then you’re seeing it as already described, within the existing clients in terms of just adding more seats. And when we’ve got a seat, we’re able to cross-sell more of our analytics products, we’re able to go in and sell CTS. So I would say that is the main thing that’s driving the optimism there on the full year.
Phil Snow: Yes. So I think I just mentioned that. So we added a number of new names and institutional asset managers, asset owners and hedge funds, which is most of the firms that we have on the buy side.
Phil Snow: Yes, that’s a great question. So we just had a couple of really good calls with our leadership team globally to talk about that. There is still a lot of factors out there. But we’re optimistic, particularly in the U.S. that we can begin to reopen offices on a phased basis starting in June. So we, like many companies, will step our way in and make sure that we’re doing things correctly. So we certainly won’t be going back to 100%, I believe, until sometime towards the end of this fiscal year or early next year in terms of the Americas. And even when we do that, I think we’re going to be working in a hybrid environment. So a lot of employees have benefited from the balance, both from a work and life standpoint. So we’re like every company, trying to make sure that we figure out what that balance is best for everybody. Other countries that we operate in, vaccines are less readily available. But we’re – I’m sure over the next 12 months we are going to be in a really good position. So I think the short answer is you’ll begin to see us head back into the offices and locations where vaccines are readily available in the beginning of June, and it will just ramp up from that.
Phil Snow: For the larger and more complicated enterprise deals, being face-to-face for some of that sales cycle as well as the implementation will have some degree of importance. But on the – I think for the smaller deals that are more easily than virtually, we’ve learned a lot there. But I think there is – there should be some pent-up demand of some sort, I think, for the larger, more complicated deals that we have out there.
Phil Snow: Well, thanks, everyone, for joining us today. We look forward to speaking to you next quarter. And in the meantime, please call Rima Hyder with additional questions. Operator, that ends today’s call.
Helen Shan: No, that’s exactly right. Hamzah, thanks for your question. We are back end or back half loaded and I would say, even within the second half, we typically have strong Q4. That doesn’t reflect or turn into revenue necessarily in year, so that’s why we did not change our revenue guidance.
Helen Shan: Yes, sure. So first, we have made some really solid progress as we have discussed and we’re very confident in strategy going forward on content and technology. And the discussions that we have had over the past 12 months, if anything has really only reaffirmed that the investments that we are making is key for them, that’s in content, digital transformation and on the personalization front. So in terms of where we are beginning to see some of that impact, we are seeing that in our workstation growth. We are going to talk about a bit more. So the investments we are making in this sector is really resonating with banking clients, for example. And in fact, some of the digital improvements we have made, has been part of one of the key wins and the availability that they have got through the cloud and the integration there. And then when you talk about CTS as well as on the analytics front, we are seeing pickup in APIs in our signals and CRM, APIs and concordance. And then the benefit from the cost perspective, some of the improvements we’ve made is helping us on the automation on content collection, for example. So those are what we will look at as some of the real key deliverables that are beginning to come through this year and why we make the comment that the impact is happening as we expected and we are going to continue through as we invest for the rest of the year until 2022.
Helen Shan: Yes, sure. I think there is probably a mix. I mean that number can move a little bit around, but it’s pretty stable as that 90%. What we tend to focus on more is on the ASV retention as well, but it really is we have been able to do some of the good renewals, I think the points that Phil made earlier on how we’ve been able to continue to service folks very well with the faster implementation that we have done on our new products, it’s really been the expansion that has really resonated. So, I think those are all those reasons on why we have been able to maintain, if not improve our client retention.
Helen Shan: Sure, we’ll do. And thanks for the question. I’ll touch a bit on Q2 and then talk about H2, which will be more of the same, so it might be helpful. So we’ve been very pleased with the improvement that we’ve driven year-over-year as it relates to the operating results. Part of that is clearly due to higher revenue as well. But if we think about the uptick on the cost, it reflects in a couple of different ways. The increased investments that we’ve made in our deep sector of content collection, digital capabilities, those are coming through in higher salary and technology costs. We also have made additional hiring in sales and product development as we talked about last quarter, and that’s reflected in the 8% growth in our headcount year-over-year. In terms of a headwind that we had this quarter, it was a bit on FX, which impacted our margin about 30, 35 basis points. And then offsetting all of that is the continued efficiencies that we’re getting through the workforce mix. We moved shift again to help lower cost countries by another 1%. We’ve had reduced professional fees this quarter, services cost this quarter. We do expect that to pick back up in the second half. So that might be – that is more of a timing issue. And of course, we are getting the benefit of being out of the office and change though after this quarter, we’re going to start to lap the previous year. So when we think about the second half, you’re exactly right, Alex, we do expect costs to ramp up further. And that’s in part driven by the investment plan for sure. As I mentioned in my remarks, we are – we believe we’ll have around $26 million of costs related to the investment in this year versus more like $15 million last year. And we’re seeing that salary run rate start to really pick up. And a lot of the investments that we are needing are more specialized, so they tend to be in the little higher cost country. So we see that pick up. Professional fees, we believe, as we’re employing others to help us on the execution implementation front that’s going to pick up. And we’re still having the double carrying costs between the cloud and the data centers. And then we also have the full absorption of the dilution from the TVL acquisition as well. We will see what kind of costs we’ll have to have as it relates to the offices, hopefully, reopening as business starts to get closer to whatever that level of normal is so that could be an offset. And we continue to be focused, of course, on managing the spend and any discretionary costs that we have. So we will be focused on driving that as we have over the past 2.5 years.
Helen Shan: Sorry, I’ll take a shot at that one. Thanks for your question. So the total number of subscribers, I think we talked about how we have recaptured in some cases of that. That RBC is a piece of that or a big piece of that. But overall, user accounts were up subscribers were up in both wealth and corporate. So that is – and corporate, while they are a smaller number in terms of each firm, there is quite a few of them. So, both of them are driving the increase on the subscriber side.
Helen Shan: Yes. I don’t – as you know, we don’t necessarily talk about our long-term margin. Right now, if you take a look at our history, especially back where we were able to do a pretty material expansion in our margins, we took the opportunity to reinvest and reinvesting in what we’re doing in ‘20 as well as in ‘21, part of the drivers of margin as you know with the top line growth, and that’s exactly what we’re doing. So I don’t look at what we have as a structural issue as much as we’re investing. And as we get the top line to grow, given the benefit that was aligned for our clients, we would expect our margins to be improving as we continue to drive more of the top line growth.
Helen Shan: And maybe I could just add. When we talk about adding on capabilities, you can do that via the acquisition of, I think, what you’re saying more of a technology type of asset. But often, the assets that we have seen even with Truvalue come with their own or more content or feed is they actually have a lot of their own proprietary capabilities, which adds quite a lot to us as well. So I wouldn’t look at pure technology capabilities that happen to be obtained purely from technology acquisitions.
Helen Shan: Yes, I’ll take that one. And right now, we’ve been catching up. The world has changed. But we are on plan, as you noted, in terms of our hiring and development milestones as we expected for this fiscal year. And our focus right now is executing and determining any changes that we’ll adapt to in the macro environment as we think about next year. We’re committed to our multiyear plan. And as I said from the beginning, we really reaffirmed in some sense on our strategy. But the environment continue to be uncertain, so we’re taking a continued measured approach. And our goal is to get to what we talked about a longer term growth rates. And the timing of may have shut. But once we’ve got better visibility on our progress and the market, then we’ll be able to provide greater clarity and an update. But for now, we’re very pleased with where we stand as it relates to where we are in FY ‘21.
Helen Shan: Yes. No. I think that some of it was in Q1. Some in – but most of it now is in, so I wouldn’t necessarily look towards that as a material change in the back half of the year.
Helen Shan: And yes, as it relates to price increase, I think that’s all exactly right. We have spent a lot – and again it’s part of our core culture of focusing on enhancements and making the service as best we can for the client. And I think during – if anything, during this period, during the pandemic, that has really come through really showing through with clients and resonates. So I don’t want to say that’s exactly therefore drive higher prices, but it does mean – it does reaffirm the value that we’re bringing to them.
Helen Shan: And George, I would add to that. When we started off back in September preventing our guidance, it obviously was wide with given the uncertainty. And so what we wanted to see and what’s come through, which gives us a better perspective for the back half of the year, is the fact that our retention has remained stable. New business which wondering how that was going to come through in FY ‘21 has also been in line with the past quarters. And what’s really been the driver is the expansion. So we are selling more to existing clients. And I think that just helps us feel better certainly on the lower half of that range, and that’s why we moved it up. So it’s not attributable to a deal, but rather the momentum we’re seeing across the way we’re executing.
Ashish Sabadra: Thanks for taking my question. Congrats on the RBC win. Just a quick clarification on the RBC, is all of the RBC ASP included in the second quarter ‘21 or is there anything more coming in the out quarters? Thanks.
Ashish Sabadra: Okay. That’s very helpful color. And then just on the pricing increases. This time, it was $2 million more, $14 million of pricing increases from Americas, if I got that right. I just wanted to better understand what’s driving that higher price increases. Phil, you mentioned the deep sector strategy, driving a lot of sales. Is that also driving better prices? And if that’s the case, just any color – incremental color on the deep sector strategy of where are you in the process of fully building it out and which sectors have been built out and which are still in progress? Thanks. 
Ashish Sabadra: Sorry, the second part was just on the deep sector. You talked about that driving pretty good sales so my question there was on the deep sector, if you could just provide us an update on which verticals have, yes, details on that front? Thanks.
