Philip Snow: Yes. Well, from -- hey Faiza, yes, from my conversations with clients, it feels a way more constructive in the last three months than it did towards the last three months of last year. So just being out there with the clients talking to salespeople, it definitely feels like activity is picking up. We are seeing, I think, increased pressure on headcount of clients, in particular. But I would say our more enterprise solutions and our platform solutions is showing some good strength there. So I'm cautiously optimistic here that as we move into the second-half, we'll probably have a weaker Q3, but I'm cautiously optimistic that Q4 will be stronger than last year. I'm going to turn it over to Helen now for a bit more detail.
Philip Snow: Sure, Manav. Thanks for the question. You're right. It is a much smaller piece of our business, and we're really stressing sort of the subscription part of FactSet. I think that's who we are as a company and how we continue. But what we have observed is as we've become more of an enterprise solution for clients, and we're delivering more mission-critical services for them, particularly with analytics and off-platform that you need sort of another level there to sort of help the clients. So we do think that there's a good opportunity for clients to outsource solutions to FactSet and leave it up to us to do what we do best. And a good example of that was last -- at the end of last year, we had that very large outsourced performance deal with one of our clients, where we really invested heavily in this group to build that out. And I think we're seeing continued momentum and interest in this. So it's a piece of our business that we think is necessary. You're right, it is typically, I think, a lower-margin business. But we think overall, combined with the solutions that we're including with it, which is the main part of the sale, that it's a good opportunity for us.
Philip Snow: To add to this, Toni, that I think we're in a very strong position competitively. When I think about the buy side and the fact that we've got portfolios on the system and clients want to work more with us, it's really giving us a good opportunity with these TCO conversations. And I'm seeing, for the first time in my career, much more of a top-down push for cost savings and giving some of the users a little less choice than they had in the past, which I think, in many cases, is tipping things in our favor. We're also seeing that some of our competitors' platforms are becoming -- are less flexible and less able to scale, which we're taking advantage of. So that's on the buy side. On the wealth, we're doing incredibly well there. We had that one-off thing this quarter, which I wouldn't be concerned about if you're thinking about sort of the longer-term trends for wealth. We still have a lot of large opportunities in front of us, some good ones in the pipeline. And we're beginning to expand the workflows that we're addressing for wealth, including things like prospecting and proposal generation. So I see a lot of opportunity on the wealth side. And then with our continued investment in content around deep sector, private markets and the technology investment we're making now around generative AI, I think there's a massive opportunity for us not just across banking, but across some of the smaller firm types that we deal with like private equity, corporates and even hedge funds where we may not have played as much in the past. So I think we're set up very nicely here. And I think -- when the market turns, I think we'll really be able to capitalize on this.
Philip Snow: Russell, it's Phil, and I'll start and I'm sure Linda has some additional comments. So yes, we've been talking about three areas there where we've been focused. So as you can imagine, there's a lot of developers at FactSet. So they are currently being armed with tools that look very good in terms of being able to increase the efficiency of producing code. The question is like how do we apply that? Do we apply it to more product? Or do we apply it in other ways? So I think we're getting a good handle on what those efficiency gains could be and which parts of our tech stack and product it makes sense to apply them. We're also looking at content collection. But as you mentioned, we have quite a large number of our employees in low-cost locations. So we've done a lot to automate workflows for content collection over the years. This adds, I think, some more juice to that even. So there's some good opportunity there. Although the people of costs there are much lower, so the efficiency gains may not be as high as they are with engineering, for example. And then there's a big opportunity for us in terms of just supporting clients. So FactSet is a very good tool. Some people use it in different ways. Some people use it in a programmatic way. So there's a lot of coding that's involved if you really want to customize your workflow. So I think it can really help both clients and people that support those clients internally. So those are three of the bigger buckets. We do see opportunity. And we're going to be looking very hard at how we can apply that in our rolling three-year plan. So we're just beginning our efforts there to think about a budget for next year and the following years, and this will certainly be part of that equation.
Philip Snow: Thanks, operator. So in closing, while results this quarter were mixed, actions taken this quarter position us well to capitalize on market shifts. Our focus at FactSet is on innovating for our clients' long-term efficiency, and that's the reason we really remain an anchor partner for them. And I'm confident in our ability to execute on the opportunities we talked about in the pipeline for the second-half. Operator, that ends today's call.
Helen Shan: Sure. Thanks for your question. Yes, we're seeing sort of a health -- we are seeing a healthier pipeline in H2 versus H1. We're seeing higher deal volume. I would say that the pipeline is more along the lines of last year, if not a little bit stronger. The makeup is about half of it is coming from buy side, 20% in the dealmakers or banking, 20% wealth and the rest in partnerships. So we're seeing the pipeline accelerate since the beginning of the calendar year, really the strength in data solutions, in the middle office and in Quant Solutions. But as Phil was just saying, timing on decisions is a little bit difficult to gauge. And more of our pipeline, I would say, are in the later stages of the funnel, which gives us more confidence, but many of them are really more into the fourth quarter.
Helen Shan: Hey, it’s Helen. Thanks for that question. So this year's growth in the price increase on the Americas, it was $25 million this quarter, which is in line with FY ‘22, although lower than last year as we were able to take advantage of some of the inflation and CPI on last year's situation. But the overall price increase continues to provide that uplift. I would say the price realization against our rate card is about flat to last year. It does vary across firm types, plus or minus a few percentage points. As noted before, our price realization in new business is lower than last year, I think, reflecting that more competitive environment. But we've actually seen total new business ASV increase. So we've had higher new logos, although average -- a bit smaller on the average price. So I do think that it's continuing to provide that sort of same growth rate that we've seen in the past.
Helen Shan: Yes. No, that's exactly right. Thanks for your question, Alex. As I mentioned, we do have a healthy H2 pipeline. Phil focused on the seven-figure deals. I focus on six and seven-figure deals. So that's up year-over-year, I'd say, almost sort of 5% in terms of total numbers. So I think that gives us some greater visibility and confidence. And because of these total -- these TCO conversations, a lot of the pipeline is focused on competitive displacements, which has been strong for us. So the ability for us to convert those will be important. The strength of the markets, both capital markets and flow of deals are important as you know, especially as it relates to banking and wealth. For right now, we're just -- we're not assuming that banking is all of a sudden going to pop up with sort of flat to last year, although we'll know more, as you know, in the Q3 and Q4.
Helen Shan: Yes, I'll take that. That's a great question. So let me try to touch on that. I would look at it maybe not necessarily on firm type, but maybe even size. So in our premier book, which is our most key large accounts, make up about 41% of our total, then they're really looking for the ability to -- they have flat budgets. And so they're really looking for the ability to make some room to invest in gen AI themselves. And so I think that's where making large decisions becomes a little bit tougher. We're seeing a lot of demand. Part of the growth in our H2 is on the data solutions side, and I think that reflects some of what you would expect in the market. So I think what we're seeing is yes, the larger deals are related to platform. We have a good pipeline of them. We need clients to feel comfortable enough to be able to act on it. And -- but data continues to be a strong point and we think will drive our second-half.
Helen Shan: Yes. No, thank you, Toni. So yes, I would say a couple of things. The type of total cost of ownership conversations is definitely higher. We've had a lot of C-suite conversations, which I would say is probably more than we've had in the past. And the need to find, I'll say, new alternatives is on top of clients' minds. So I'd say yes to that. As it relates to the pricing, as mentioned on new business, we're seeing greater pressure there. Is pricing overall coming down? I would say it depends on the firm type of large deals. I think you're seeing more of that leverage coming through. But so far, our price realization has been flat to last year.
Helen Shan: Sure. Owen, I'll touch a bit on that. So I think there's a couple of things that we've taken into account. Yes, we do have a very strong pipeline, as mentioned. That being said, we also have the impact of the CS-UBS merger. We talked a little bit about that on our last call. Timing of that, of course, is not in our -- we don't control that. So that's being reflected in our lower end of the guidance. We also had the large wealth -- cancel that Phil just mentioned there. That is a one-off, but that also plays into our view as well. And we are a little more conservative in how we're looking at the environment. I'll let Linda talk about the capital markets piece, but we don't try to build in a bounce back into our numbers.
Helen Shan: Sure. This is Helen. So yes, I think a lot of our client count growth is driven by new business. So I think you're seeing a bit of that take place right now as you're seeing that come down. But I don't think there's anything in particular that we're looking at. Typically, that's driven by corporates and wealth. This quarter, we actually saw some good growth in partners, which is a little bit more on the fintech side. So I don't -- we're not looking at the client count as something that -- to be focused on necessarily.
Helen Shan: Hey George, it's Helen. Yes, let me get to that. So I would say it depends, right? So I think when you're talking about some of the smaller deals, maybe in PVC and in some cases, in banking, it might be a little bit more competitive. I think some of the competitors sometimes leverage like we do on some of their stronger enterprise deals if they're able to do so. I think we're seeing benefit actually in places like in asset owners where our packages from a value perspective are really resonating. So I do think it depends. We're not seeing again any huge differences as much as everyone is just fighting hard for trying to get that new logo.
Linda Huber: Thank you, Heather. It's Linda. We had talked about how our expenses tend to ramp up as we move through the calendar year. So I think it's fair to say that margins we've been fortunate enough to put up in Q1 and Q2 will decrease a bit as we move through the back half of the year. So we did adjusted operating margin of 37.6% in Q1 and 38.3% in Q2. So I think it would be fair to expect arithmetically something closer to 35% for the back half of the year to get us to the midpoint of our guidance of 36.5%. And again, it is our intention to hit the midpoint of that guidance on adjusted operating margin despite a slightly softer top line. So you should expect a little bit of the technology cost to continue to move up as we go through the year. And of course, we've taken some actions to ensure that we have the appropriate headcount and appropriate location for our employees going forward. So we think we're in a good place, and we are prepared to deal with the cost base so that it works for the lower end of the revenue range. So we've got all that in the mix and so a little bit lower in the back half of the year. Thanks.
Linda Huber: Yes. So Owen, just to be absolutely clear, in planning for this year's continuing revenue outlook, we have included what is going on with the Credit Suisse situation. We cannot tell what quarter that will occur, and there are ongoing business discussions. So stay tuned. We'll see how it plays out, but we've been conservative, and we have included that in our guidance. So now regarding capital markets, things changed again yesterday. Chairman Powell was quite dovish in his comments. As of today, the June rate cut probability is north of 70% for 25 basis points of cutting in June. The Fed is looking at three rate cuts over the course of the remaining calendar year. The probability of the June cut went up 15 percentage points from where we were Tuesday. So if you think about it, I think of Chairman Powell is metaphorically driving the family station wagon. And we keep asking, are we there yet, are we there yet for rate cuts? And he says, we're not quite there yet. So we're waiting. The trends are very positive. The Swiss National Bank cut interest rates by 25 bps this morning. The Bank of England held constant. And we saw some IPOs yesterday, the Astera IPO traded way up yesterday, which is a good sign. And Reddit priced at the high end of its range, which was $31 to $34 priced at $34. So seeing IPOs is a really good sign, and we are seeing better information on the timing of rate cuts. We now wait with a bit of a lag as to when that impacts our business. So again, there is a bit of a lag. So that's why Phil had talked about the third quarter, we're not hugely optimistic about that, but the fourth quarter is certainly starting to look much better. So hope that's helpful to you. And we keep asking the same question, are we there yet on the rate cuts, but we're going to have to wait. Thanks.
Linda Huber: Craig, you're right. We will see a ramp in the back half of the year. Total expenses for the second quarter, $337 million, and we do expect that those will ramp. This is mostly driven by the technology cost. And Craig, what we're seeing is we have to build in more cloud costs as gen AI takes off and as we get increased demand on that front. So most of this comes from the technology budget. Personnel costs will remain quite flat. As we had said, we have rightsized those, and we reduced our bonus accrual by about $7 million. So the bonus accruals went for the first quarter, it was $30 million with some adjustment going on, $20 million in the second quarter. You should probably pencil in the low 20s for the third and fourth quarter, given what we're seeing now. And keep in mind that our employees are paid sort of half on top line growth and half on margin. So the margin piece is about where we want it. The top line piece, we're anticipating a little bit of slowness. So we've adjusted that down for the bonus calculation. On real estate, we've done quite well, bringing those costs down. And third-party data costs are about flat. So mostly it is about increases in the tech budget driven by increased amortization as that moves through and also the cloud expense as we look to fuel the gen AI efforts of the company and our clients. So hope that helps you there, Craig.
Linda Huber: Yes. Russell, it's Linda. You should look for those efficiency gains in our FY '25 guidance. We've only given these new tools to our engineers relatively recently. They're reporting good things, but it's a little early to put a number on it. We think the biggest advantage from this will be cost avoidance as we bend the cost curve. And perhaps as the engineers get more efficient, we can sort of ramp down some of our hiring. So we think that, that's a bright spot, but we're going to look to first direct Gen AI efforts outwardly to make sure that we're able to generate ASV with those efforts, and you'll see more of that at our FOCUS conference. And then in FY '25, the focus will turn more constructively to internal cost savings. We've been managing the cost of the company pretty darn effectively, I would say, and we're looking to ensure that we are able to continue to do that, but gen AI is only a portion of that. So thanks for the question.
Linda Huber: Yes, great question. We are -- we've added some automation to our time tracking, which has helped us be more accurate. And I think for the year, we're looking somewhere between $80 million and $85 million, which is better than we did last year. I don't have that number right at hand, but it has grown. So you're going to see some more coming through in terms of that capitalization. It probably has not peaked out quite yet. But we feel pretty good about what we're doing there and that it's very helpful to everyone involved that we spread these costs generally over three years would be the normal situation there. So pretty much right down the middle of the road in terms of how you would think about the time period over which we spread those costs. So I think that should help you a little bit. As we move forward, we'll probably look at that capitalization percent of revenues kind of moving up to 3% to 4% of revenues. I think we have previously said sort of 2.5% to 3%. But again, with automated tools, we are doing a better job of tracking the cost of building software and then moving that through in a capitalized manner.
Linda Huber: Yes. Shlomo, it's a great question and one that we discussed with our Board of Directors earlier this week. I think we've done a pretty good job on all the cost buckets. You're right, we wanted to plan to take these charges at midyear. So we adjust our expense rate in some areas down as we go through the rest of the year. So over the past few years, unfortunately, we've had to take three sort of different rounds of personnel actions, and we want very much for those to be done. We consider those to be done with the possible exception of a huge geopolitical event that we haven't planned. So we want to think that we have the cost cuts well in hand. And I think what we're looking for as we move into FY '25 is we have to look at closer to flat personnel growth. So we're going to try to ensure that we've got that model right. I think we've got our offshore balance about correct, which is about 68% right now. But we did want to get the expenses right for the rest of the year in keeping with the lower end of the range on the top line so everything comes out well. From here, I think we're in a pretty good place. I think we've done what we need to do. And we're hoping that are we there yet that we do get there soon enough that we can see some help from the top line. But we've got the costs well in hand, and I think we've thought it through and executed pretty well. So thank you for that, Shlomo. That's great.
