Phil Snow: Thanks, Rima, and good morning to everyone. We closed the first half of our fiscal year on a solid note. We continued our track record of steady growth with increases to our top line and bottom line as well as operating margin improvement. We executed well against our strategy of providing smarter connected data and technology solutions and saw positive results across all our businesses. Our broadening suite of innovative solutions continue to resonate with the market. We're laser-focused on working with our clients to drive efficiency in their processes and delivering content and analytics in new ways, all while providing FactSet's best-in-class service. We're encouraged by an increasing number of high-level conversations with our largest clients regarding our entire solution set as they navigate a challenging economic backdrop. In our second quarter, we increased our organic ASV and professional services at a growth rate of 6%. Organic revenue also grew 6% and adjusted operating margin came in at 33.2%, 180 basis point improvement year-over-year. We're pleased with our overall cost discipline allowing us to improve our margin and make meaningful progress towards our goal of 100 basis points improvement for the year. Adjusted diluted EPS increased 14% to $2.42, primarily due to stronger operating results. Turning to ASV. Analytics and CTS were the main drivers this quarter, along with the annual price increase for our Americas clients. Both analytics and CTS have been sources of growth for several years due to the competitive strength of our Analytics Suite and the increasing demand for high-quality integrated data in the marketplace. Within analytics, our core portfolio Analytics Suite had a strong quarter and provided our sales team with many opportunities to increase ASV with the existing clients. Analytics drove the majority of the increase this quarter. CTS was the second largest contributor in the second quarter as it continues to increase its sales of core data feeds such as FactSet Fundamentals. And within the Open:FactSet Marketplace, data exploration is removing friction from the trial and evaluation process to evaluate content. Wealth also had a positive quarter as it continues to expand and take market share. The brand's rollout at Merrill is complete and was successfully implemented in under 6 months. We believe the wealth team has a growing number of significant opportunities in this space. Within research, we saw a healthy increase in users on the sell-side. Additionally, we saw growth of our RMS solutions across both the buy side and sell side. We're also pleased with the results of the detailed banking sector data we rolled out last quarter. We've more than doubled the users for this new content and plan to add new content in other sectors. Lastly, our overall cancellation rate remains stable this quarter versus a year ago. Looking at our Americas and international businesses. Americas delivered a solid growth rate of 6%, driven by our leading analytics and expanded CTS offering. We also see an increase in enterprise discussions across our client base for our workflow solutions. The EMEA region grew 4% this quarter, primarily as a result of analytics and CTS. Cancellations in one market drove a decrease in the growth compared with the first quarter of 2019. We have a good pipeline for the second half of the year, and we believe we will reach our goals for this region. In Asia Pac, we had a strong second quarter with analytics and CTS, again, as the main drivers followed by research, resulting in an 11% growth rate for the region. Additionally, the cancellation rate in Asia Pac is also trending positive. We believe we have significant opportunities in various markets in Asia Pac, especially with CTS and analytics. As we close the first half of the year, we're pleased with our financial metrics and progress on ASV relative to last year. At the same time, we remain cautious as client cost pressures remain. For the second half of the year, we'll continue to execute on our 2019 goals and are making good progress integrating our products for a seamless investment portfolio life cycle platform, in enhancing our risk offering and unbundling our products to provide open and flexible solutions. Our broad suite of offerings is resonating well with clients who are looking to increase productivity through smarter connected data and gives us confidence in our growth trajectory. As I said before, it's important to look at our company performance on a half-yearly basis. We anticipate that our growth for the full fiscal year could be more concentrated towards our fourth quarter. We reaffirm our outlook for 2019 and look forward to a successful second half. Now let me turn the call over to Helen to talk in more detail about our financial results.
Phil Snow: Greg, it's Phil Snow. So I don't think we saw anything noticeable in terms of delays as a result of what happened in December, nothing measurable that I can point to. And as I said in my script, we really do think about our business in halves. When we look at the pipeline in any given year, it's typically much more heavily weighted towards Q4 and this year is no different.
Phil Snow: So I think I'll just start with we did make a number of acquisitions within a couple of years, more software. So we, sort of, intentionally decided to pause and really get those integrated. And I think what you're going to see in the second half of this year is some real new exciting products coming out from FactSet within the analytics and trading space. And we're already beginning to monetize some of those. So that's been a big focus for us. When we think about M&A, we're always looking at everything that's out there in the market. There isn't a deal that gets done that typically doesn't come across our desk. And I think we're always interested in content. FactSet does an exceptional job of integrating content, monetizing content. But yes, the high valuations certainly don't help where we don't want to overpay for anything, but we are continuing to scan the market for interesting tuck-in opportunities.
Phil Snow: So I haven't had a close look at that yet, Peter. I think we don't address the entire market. So there may be some segments of the market that are growing faster than the segments that we address. And it doesn't mean that we can't get into those markets, but I don't think I can give you a great answer until I've looked at that in more detail. What I can say is that when we're facing the competitors that we're facing in the markets that we serve today, I see that we're winning more than losing. So I think, for the piece of the Burton-Taylor report, that FactSet -- that's our addressable market, we're doing well in that piece of it.
Phil Snow: Well, Toni, this is Phil. So again, it's a tale of two halves. In the first half, we're typically much more heavily weighted to the second quarter. Obviously, we have that significant deal in Q1 of this year. But on the analytics side, we did very well with our core PA product, traditional PA. The seats grew. A lot of what was driving that was new risk clients that we've closed and some more enterprise deals that are actually then sort of resulting in more PA deployment within clients. And we were positive on both the risk and fixed income side in terms of driving ASV.
Phil Snow: So if you're talking about the quarter-over-quarter growth, I think we had that very large wealth deal in Q1. So I think that's the -- on a quarter-to-quarter basis, that's skewing the numbers. On a year-over-year basis, I believe we're pretty much comparable to last year, sort of 5.9% or 6% and right in the middle of our guidance range for the year. So we're reaffirming our annual guidance from an ASV standpoint and feel good about that range.
Phil Snow: Yes. So I think we have good visibility now on the second half, but typically we're -- it's not clear to us, more than 6 months out on some of that stuff. So based on what we see in the pipeline, for the large deals, we're reaffirming our guidance for the year around the midpoint of the guidance.
Phil Snow: Yes. Shlomo, it's Phil. So we actually had a very good quarter in the U.K. But there was one market on the continent where we had a significant cancel that accounts for the majority of the difference that you were seeing in the EMEA region. And I believe we accelerated our growth in Asia Pac slightly this quarter. We had a good quarter in Asia Pac.
Phil Snow: Yes, we don't give a lot of detail sort of on the cancellation. So it was a significant step backwards, yes.
Phil Snow: Yes. Hamzah, it's Phil. So yes, I'm not sure exactly where we are. I think that as we look further out, we're going to see continued cost pressures for the clients. In some cases, consolidation does help FactSet. We've got great relationships with our clients. Very often it forces kind of the new combined entity to sit down and look at everything they have. And we have a much broader suite of solutions now that we can offer clients. So obviously, there's cost pressure. When firms consolidate, they're looking for efficiencies. So it's a mixture of things. But this is an environment that we're used to operating in now, and I'm so pleased with how we performed and all of the products that we have coming to market. I continue to feel like there's more new and interesting product coming out from FactSet than we ever had. And even in an economic backdrop, which is difficult, I feel that we have a good chance of really continuing to take good market share.
Phil Snow: Sure. So I've talked about this a little bit before, but we're no longer just a workstation product. FactSet has done a lot of investment in our technology stack and that's allowed us to do a lot of interesting stuff. So one is we have this great new web product, which we're beginning to monetize in wealth and other markets. The result of that is we're actually able to break up pieces of that if we wanted to and deploy those in interesting ways, which we're already doing. We're opening up more APIs to our clients. So a good example is our Analytics API. If you wanted to take the engine that powers PA and plug it into your own system, we can help you with that now. And then, of course, we have our Open:FactSet Marketplace, which is another example of us sort of delivering content in new and interesting ways. So I'd say we're sort of at the beginning of that journey of unbundling. We think that's the way the world is going, and we're -- that's the way we're going as well.
Phil Snow: So I don't think much has changed there. So we've been competing with Thomson Reuters in some way, shape or form for a couple of decades now. We continue to feel good about our product offering versus theirs in the markets that we compete in. And I think -- I haven't seen much of a change to date in terms of how they are coming to market.
Phil Snow: Yes. Drew, it's Phil. So the process went exceptionally well. So we did it in under 6 months. I've heard that deployments of that scale historically were sometimes 2 or 3x that long. So we feel really good about how efficient we were there in terms of deploying the product. I, myself, actually went and observed one of the advisers getting trained and that was a real thrill for me to sort of see their action to our product versus what they had. And our team was amazing. So we had a lot of our existing FactSet consultants go out and do this and did a phenomenal job. All the feedback we got was exceptional. Our pipeline is building for other deals like this. And we feel really good about this as a new market for us and one that we think will be core to our business moving forward.
Phil Snow: Our Americas team had a really good first half. I think you saw our banking number, too. So that's been driven globally, but we're seeing really good growth in our users on the sell side, which might surprise some people, but we have a great product. Our deep sector strategy is paying off. We released that in October of last year, and we have thousands of users using that data already. So it's picking up momentum very quickly.
Phil Snow: Sure, Tim. It's Phil. So actually just one point of clarification is the wealth business, we put in the buy side. So none of the wealth users or the BAML users are included in that sell-side number. So we're really driving a lot of new seats in banking. I think that might have been up by well over 1,000 in this quarter, and we had one significant deal in Asia Pac as well that actually used our web platform. So we were able to deploy that very easily to a large number of users in the Asia Pacific region. So I think it's just a combination of the excellent software we have for banking and all of the investment that we're making in content for those users.
Phil Snow: Yes, there's obviously a lot going on in Europe, right, in terms of Brexit as well as MiFID II and other stuff. So it's hard to tie any of it, honestly, to whether or not we're going to see a deceleration there. We've got a great team. We've got a great product. And I think we sort of view that market not that much differently than Americas, honestly, right now. And if that changes, we'll be sure to highlight it for you on the next call or two.
Phil Snow: Yes. So we feel good about how we're performing in this market and our growth rate. But we're always focused on acceleration. So for us, the #1 metric that we're focused on as a company is our top line growth. And sometimes it takes a while for new products to take hold. The environment is not getting any easier, but we do feel that some of our product sets -- I might point to wealth and CTS as 2 that are really getting a lot of traction recently and have good momentum, so I'm optimistic as we sort of come out of the second half that we'll have good momentum going into the next fiscal year.
Phil Snow: Yes, I'm not going to give you a number today. I think we're doing a lot of work on our long-term strategic plan. If we feel like we want to come out with any longer-term guidance for you, like in terms of long-term top line growth rate, we'll do that.
Phil Snow: I don't think we're going to break that out exactly. But it was -- most of the ASV was already attributed for in Q1 of last year -- of this year, sorry.
Phil Snow: Yes, so I would say it's very early days. We've just begun to invest here. So I'm not sure exactly what our competitors have, but what I can tell you is we're really encouraged by the data that we do have and the uptick we've seen in terms of users and sort of the demand from the market for us to do more of this. So that, I think, gives me a lot of confidence that this sort of data and investing in not just FIG but in some other areas is a good strategy for our company.
Phil Snow: Yes, I think we're just looking across all sectors right now. When we have more clarity on that, we'll be very happy to share it with you.
Phil Snow: It certainly does. We're great at monetizing data both in workstation to web as well as off platform. So sometimes the more detailed the data, the better, right, in terms of how quantum data scientists want to look at it. So as we build that up, we'll be able to turn that around very easily and sell it in the feeds over time.
Phil Snow: Yes, at our last Investor Day, we did say that our plan was to improve margins for the next 2 years. So Helen's new. We're continuing to think about our long-term strategy. It's something as we go into the end of the year and we think about our multi-year plan whether or not that's something we want to continue to do or if we want to invest more in the business for high growth. And in terms of the EMEA region, yes, it was a onetime thing. It was competitive. But there are lots of situations where we win onetime deals versus competitors as well. So I think we're entering an age right now where FactSet is competing for 7-figure deals, in some case 8-figure deals, on a much more frequent basis than we used to with our largest clients. And I think some of this lumpiness is what we may continue to see over time. Thank you, everyone, for joining us on the call today. We want to thank all of our employees for delivering solid results and express our appreciation to both our clients and shareholders with many of whom we've had long-term relationships. If you have additional questions, please call Rima Hyder. We look forward to speaking with you all next quarter.
Helen Shan: Thanks, Toni, for your question. So I think there are a couple of things to consider. When you talk about some of the operational efficiencies we've achieved, we take that all into consideration. That puts us above 32% for Q2, which is an increase both quarter-over-quarter on a year basis as well as sequentially. But I think the foreign exchange favorable rates also added about 1 point, which works well when it works your way. But we're not in the business of trying to forecast going forward. So when we look at the first half at 32.4%, which shows real good progress we made against our target, to us, that feels like the right place for us to be. And as we operate going forward, we don't -- we're going to continue to make the right long-term decisions for the growth of the business and not necessarily trying to manage to a margin.
Helen Shan: And really, we want to -- we look at, as Phil mentioned, first half, where we look -- we look at the first half as opposed to just the quarter. So I think that's probably another way you should think about it as well.
Helen Shan: Thanks for your question. I can only use my early tenure for so long. But I think what we're seeing right now is that we continue to have opportunities on the operational front. I think as I noted, we really need to think about our long-term growth. We already are making investments back into the business, whether it's on infrastructure, on product, on even facilities. So from my perspective, I don't know that I have a particular target. I do think we continue to have operational productivity improvements that we can make.
Helen Shan: I'll take the first part of that question. When you think about our employee growth rate over time, on an organic basis, I think it is important to look in the past, there've been acquisitions, right, that had helped drive that growth rate. But overall, it is down, but in part, if you think about the fact that we do have a larger base of employees, too. So I think we have to be careful about just looking at the rate. I also think that we have become more productive, whether it's in content or in engineering. So we've been able to use automation and technology to be able to drive greater productivity. And also keep in mind, we did have some restructuring actions that we had taken in previous quarters, and so when you start looking comparatively, that's also going to make an impact as we think about total numbers. I don't know that we would tie it back specifically with what we've done with BAML. We had folks -- as we've always talked about, this was an organic deal, so we had people who were working overall, focused their efforts on the BAML win, which was very successful. And so as that winds and completes, they will refocus their efforts on new business.
Helen Shan: I'll take the first shot at that. So thank you for your question. I think for us, I mean, we're continuing, as you even note, to invest back in the business. Phil talked about the new products and the open nature of our products that we're putting to market. So that will drive, I think, growth. We continue to use cash as we think about capital allocation to also buy back shares. And that will help as well as we think about returning value to shareholders. So I think those are all the different levers that we'll look at to continue on our performance.
Helen Shan: Yes. So thanks for your question. We look at that in a number of different ways. I mean, if you take a look at some of our larger currencies of exposed currencies where the dollars have strengthened in the back half of the year, so when we compare that to where we think we would be, that's already baked in. Now that being said, it can work for us or it can work against us. So we really don't try to project, but if markets were to stay the same as where they are in -- where they are today, we'd expect to be in the range that we've given you.
Helen Shan: It's Helen. As it relates to the -- on the finance side, we'll continue to work on it. We're looking towards fiscal '20 when it would go live. As it relates to the HR system, we actually have gone live on that. And so we're very pleased with the progress we've made there.
Helen Shan: We don't have it baked in at this point. I mean, right now, I think it's too early for us to be talking about savings. What we're looking at here is productivity and being able to have greater insights in how we manage the business. And so we'll see how that works out over time.
Helen Shan: Sure. Thanks for your question, Alex. So I think as it relates to certain spend you can't hold back on, certain things are really in flight, right? So things like professional fees was really much more of an active strategy of how we manage that. I think similarly for marketing, although that one, as to your point, you can pull back a bit. T&E is another one that you can spend more judiciously. And so I think we try to pull off some of those levers. I don't think -- I would not say it was because of December in particular. I think it's more about us executing on the plan we set forth for the year.
