Philip Snow: Thanks, Tony. It's Phil. I'll start and I think Helen will have a bit more detail here. So yes, we definitely have more visibility now on Q4. 4.75 is the mid-range now, mid of the range that we just gave you. We wanted to make sure we de-risked sort of the low end. So the low end is at 4. So we feel really confident about this range and feel confident about the middle of the range. There are though, I mean, it is our biggest quarter and there are a lot of swing deals in the quarter, a lot of seven-figure opportunities. So you never really know until the quarter's over whether or not you're going to get all of those. But I do think there's reason for optimism here. As I mentioned in my comments, we had some very nice wins in Q3 that was strategic, new kinds of wins for us across the portfolio lifecycle, really helping clients with total cost of ownership. So I'm becoming more encouraged in our ability to go out, help clients save money with the existing portfolio lifecycle set of products, as well as the tools that we're now building for generative AI.
Philip Snow: It's a fair question. Thank you, Alex. So, you know, I think the reasons for optimism are we have a lot of ongoing multi-year initiatives that are still being built out and we expect to drive growth in the future. So that would be deep sector, private markets, more recently real time. So a bit of an older vintage. So those things are still chugging along quite nicely and are promising. And in the last 18 months or so, we really have done a good job of freeing up incremental dollars to invest in generative AI and the data platform. And I think we've unleashed another wave of innovation at the company honestly in terms of how we approached this. So I do feel optimistic. It is a fair question though. So as we go through Q4 and we do our rolling three-year plan, I think we are going to evaluate whether or not there are some things that we'd want to invest more in, but we can't really give you any real guidance on that until the September call, but it's a good question.
Philip Snow: Well, thanks, Kelsey. So I think we certainly are seeing more activity on the M&A front with the bankers. I think we're seeing a little bit better hiring than we did. Helen might have some more comments on this. And I think if you look at the trends historically as banking fees go up, historically banking hiring has followed that and then historically FactSet’s ASV on the sell side follows that. So if historical trends remain true, no guarantees, you know, I think there are some reasons to be optimistic there.
Philip Snow: Yeah, thanks, Faiza. So on the institutional buy side, I would say we have two key competitors there. And the name of the game is really total cost of ownership. So we feel very well positioned with the portfolio analytics that we have on FactSet, but even better position now that we have invested in our front office tools. So I mentioned that we launched PM Hub, which really connects very nicely the middle office solutions that we have with the front office. So I feel really good about our competitive position on the buy side and those firms really are I think feeling the most cost pressure and the ones taking costs out. So I think the firms that have portfolio analytics solutions are the ones that have the right to compete on the buyer side. And I think we're in good shape there. In wealth, similarly, we have the portfolios on the system. We've done an amazing job with our wealth advisor product and advisor dashboard. And you heard me talk about another workflow today, which is sort of the CRM workflow. So we're really focused very heavily now on building out additional workflows for the wealth space, but we couldn't feel better positioned in the wealth space. I think within banking, private equity, corporates, the hedge funds, that space admittedly is getting a bit more crowded. So there's lots of us in there with fundamental analyst products. I think the work we've done with deep sector, with private markets, the tools that we're building with generative AI, all of those I think give us a very nice position there on the competitive front.
Philip Snow: It's a great question, thank you. It's a bit unknown at this point, as Linda has spoken about, our technology expenses are going up and that's a good reason, because we're investing here. But yes, as clients use more of these tools, it's going to cost in terms of compute. So of course, we're thinking carefully about that. We have fantastic engineers at FactSet that are sort of monitoring this, and that will be baked into how we end up charging for these products. So it's an equation that will have to be figured out over time. But if we're delivering enough value in terms of saving clients time, which is really what we're focused on, it should outweigh the added expense that we or they would be incurring from the compute.
Philip Snow: Yes. Thanks, Andrew. Great question. So as you could expect, like many firms, we've been looking at this, and I think there are good opportunities for efficiency and client service, quality assurance, content collection, even just engineer -- just code editing, code writing, so we're evaluating that closely. I think we will get efficiencies. The real question is, do we reinvest those in products sort of going back to Alex's earlier question. So there certainly will be efficiencies that we'll get. We're seeing that -- it's just a question of what we choose to do with that in the end.
Philip Snow: Yes. Thanks, Russell. So yes, we've not been shy about talking about this. And we have been investing steadily since 2019 in private markets. We've built out, I believe, our coverage from around $4 million to $8 million or $9 million. So we've doubled that. The quality is getting higher. We acquired Cobalt, which you'll remember. And we're just continuing to work with a lot of partners in the ecosystem. So I think this is an important area. Private credit, obviously, is important and something that we're taking a look at. And obviously, we can't comment on any transactions that may or may not be out there right now.
Philip Snow: I do want to kind of add on and point out that it's up to us to make our own tailwinds here. So regardless of the end markets, we have a $28 billion total addressable market, the way it's been defined historically. Eight of that is beginning to open up to us now with the feed products that we're creating. And then to build on what Helen just said, I think is firms look to outsource more from a technology and even managed services standpoint, I think that addressable market grows. So there's no shortage, honestly, of addressable market. And I think the companies that are positioned well moving into this can create some of their own tailwinds despite what the market is giving us.
Philip Snow: A little bit, Guru. Thanks for the question. So yes, we're certainly shipping away here. I believe we now have eight sectors with some good coverage and over 80 reports within the workstation. And I believe we're also building out some feed deals. So there's an active pipeline, and it is an important aspect of what most banks want to see now when things come up for renewal. So I think there's just 1 or 2 of us in the market, honestly, that have this in banking.
Philip Snow: I think it's the healthiest one for us, honestly, Scott, thanks for the question. So we have a very active pipeline there of deals of various sizes. And we're beginning to build out some interesting workflows beyond sort of what we've been providing over the last few years. And with the introduction of some of these AI tools, I think we're in very good shape. So I'm very optimistic about wealth and our ability to accelerate from here.
Philip Snow: Summary, we believe we are well positioned in terms of both our strategy and product portfolio to capitalize on the ongoing megatrends in our industry and for when the end markets become more constructive. Thank you all for your great questions today. We'll see you all in September. Operator, this ends today's call.
Helen Shan: Yes, no, I think as Phil had mentioned, we had some very good wins earlier in Q3. And so when we take a look at Q4, we've also had a number of deals that have longer decision cycles and that's moved us a bit as well. But if I look at the weighted pipeline for Q4, it's in line with last year and we've been able to sell at the same pace. It's really the end market that's been impacting us from an erosion perspective and cost decisions. So that's why we've gone for a wider range to allow for that, but we're very confident right now at this point that we've de-risked it.
Helen Shan: Yes, I'll add a little bit to that. I think what we're seeing from the large investment banks, the universal banks, the hiring has been pretty muted. So they're being more conservative themselves. We're seeing higher numbers from the middle market banks, the boutiques. So I would say that right now seasonal hiring for the quarter is for the first quarter this year -- for the first time this year, higher than the previous year. But we're not necessarily building that in as a big recovery into our Q4 numbers.
Helen Shan: Sure, Manav, it’s Helen, I'll take the first part. So I would say the majority of the impact from some of that transaction is reflected in this quarter. There's a little bit left in Q4, but it's much smaller.
Helen Shan: And I'll just comment on your point around pricing. As we've mentioned before, there is some price pressure on new logos, but they're not widespread. Really, when it happens is when we're displacing competitors where we may need to reduce price to help match budgets, for example. But the good thing is that we are almost always in multi-year contracts, so we recapture the price and improve our price realization as the contract matures.
Helen Shan: Sure. Hi, this is Helen. Let me address the first part, and then I'll turn this to Linda. As it relates to the Credit Suisse and UBS merger, what we are talking about is on a net basis. So -- we were able to capture some of the cancellation back in selling to UBS. So that's a positive from our perspective.
Helen Shan: Sure. Hey George, it's Helen. Let me try to answer. I'll do the pricing one first. So the international pricing increased, you're right, we do it every year in Q3. It was 16 versus 16.8 last year. So you can see that we were able to capture pretty much the same as last year. And that reflects an increase in the number of clients that we're able to capture. So we feel very good about that. And it's in line with our expectations. So we believe our pricing realization and value that we're giving clients remain the same. When we think about the Q4, the reason that we moved some of this as we think about the pipeline is that we are seeing deals continue to move, especially on the analytics the buy side in particular. So they're not falling out is a term that we use. So they're not lost. But since they've moved a number of quarters, because the larger the deals until clients have greater certainty about the end markets, and sometimes our own bandwidth, quite frankly, is more constrained. We're seeing that continue to move. So that's part of the reason. And I do want to make one point again, which I made earlier. If we look at what we expect for the year, the underlying demand for our products remains steady. On a gross basis, we are in line with last year. So we're selling as much as we were last year. So it's not a demand problem. But that being said, we have had a number of onetime cancels that we've talked about. So the impact has been on higher erosion, which we believe is in part obviously driven by market.
Helen Shan: Sure. Let me take a little bit of that first, and I'll turn this over to Linda. As it relates to CS, let me talk through, in particular, we mentioned this in our script around the impact, if we take that out as a one-time impact, that would be around 30-plus basis points. Now that's not going to impact revenue right away. That's over the period of time. If I take a look at some of the other one-time items that we've talked about in the past, I think it was back last quarter, that, that one large cancel that's helping to explain that delta. But yes, it is, in my view, again, let me go back. What we're selling is in line with how we've seen it in the past. There are some onetime items that are impacting the erosion and so I do not view this as an issue with our underlying business, but rather more market or again, some things that are a bit out of our control Shlomo.
Helen Shan: Yes. No, I would agree. It's hard to predict, obviously, market conditions. But I think the softness in banking and the high erosion due to cost consolidations from clients -- and then, of course, the delay in some of the larger projects. Right now, we're assuming that, that's going to remain through the rest of the year, as Phil just said. I will say, as I said before, this is the first quarter that we've actually seen net seasonal hiring banking be higher than the previous year, but I'm not sure we look at that and call it -- make it a call at the bottom.
Helen Shan: Sure. I'll start with that one, Heather, thanks. This is Helen. Thanks for the question. So overall, part of the reason that we see some of the deals that get delayed, because of their size. So when I think about volume and pricing, actually, interestingly, our volume, meaning number of transactions is considerably higher this year than last year. And I would say, in the low to mid figures is where we're seeing the biggest pickup probably as high as 20% higher if we -- as we think about the end of the year. So what that would mean on average, the volume is down in terms of the size of the transaction. So as you might guess, in order to grow that, you need larger deals. So these larger transactions, which we have a very high number of opportunities, but if they don't sort of convert them in that quarter, that's where we're seeing that right now. So I think that all ties together higher volume at an average price that's lower right now in terms of just opportunity size. As it relates to a little bit of where do we end up in the bottom, it's very hard to say. I think it varies by firm type. Typically, we've seen banking being the quickest to respond. I think we had thought that, that would be better in the second-half of this year. We're not seeing that. So we'll have to see how that goes as mentioned by Phil before, if capital markets picks up, where we end up in that. But technology is very much the driver right now. And so as clients are looking to upgrade and as we saw post-COVID, once they're ready to spend the decisions tend to move more quickly. So I think it's going to be very much dependent on the market conditions.
Linda Huber: Yes, and Manav looking at the margin improvement, I want to try to go through the detail of this so everyone understands what's one-time and what continues. So the total good guys on the margin improvement side and this is adjusted operating margin. We're about 540 basis points and then the negatives were about 200 basis points. So let me go through these. The lower bonus accrual of $8 million to get our annual bonus accrual in line contributed about 160 basis points to the good for third quarter and that will not be repeated. In other words, we had to do that adjustment. Lower salaries added about 130 basis points and that will continue. Lower payroll taxes added about 120 and that's a one-time thing. That's based on the CARES Act. It's a refundable tax credit for keeping people on payroll during COVID. Lower facilities expenses added 60 basis points that will continue. Higher capitalization added 40, which will also continue and lower stock-based comp amortization added 20 if that one is caught up and will not continue. So out of the 540 basis points about 280 are one-timers. And then on the negative side We had higher technology costs for 170 basis points and higher third-party data and other expenses for 30 basis points. So 340 basis points overall improvement. And on the good guy's side, about half of that will continue as we move through the year. Hope that helps.
Linda Huber: Yes. And Ashish, you right, it's Linda. Generally revenue lags ASV. We had an unusual one-time acceleration of CUSIP revenues in the third quarter of last year. That increased the revenue attributed to Q3 of ‘23 and by comparison, because that's a tough lap, the Q3 ‘24 looks lower. So some of it is timing. And I think it is fair to note that in the third quarter, while we don't break out CUSIP, because it is core to our business, we had very strong performance from CUSIP, both in terms of growth and margins. So we're very pleased with how that business is doing. But it's -- you're correct, but it is a lapping effect that's causing that.
Linda Huber: Thank you. And the run rate exit at the fourth quarter Ashish, we are not going to give guidance on that. So we'll see what it looks like when we get there, I speak to you about it in September.
Linda Huber: So Shlomo, thank you for recognizing that despite the meandering market, which is a good adjective for it. We like that. We have been focused [Technical Difficulty]
Linda Huber: …cost basis. And so our people costs are down 10% year-over-year in the third quarter, and our real estate cost down 14% that offsets an increase of 26% in our technology costs and third-party data up a little bit unusually in the third quarter. So we feel like we've got all our lines pretty well under control. The thing that was flattering to the margin in the third quarter was the reduction of our bonus accrual. And of course, that bonus accrual will match our performance with our ASV completion. So we've got a few more things that we can do. I think we've managed very, very carefully. But I don't think we see any major cost-cutting actions coming along. We're pretty happy with where we are. And we planned this all through to match what Helen is seeing for the revenue line for the fourth quarter. So we think we're in a pretty good place. And as you saw, our guidance for adjusted operating margin has gone up 70 to 80 basis points for the rest of the year. So we feel pretty good about our actions. And sorry about the audio issues here.
Linda Huber: That's okay, Craig. And I've just had my microphone replaced. I feel like Taylor Swift. So hopefully, it works. Our first quarter bonus accrual was $30 million. That included a $3 million top-up to sort of catch up a bit from 2023. Second quarter, Craig was $20 million. Third quarter is $18 million. In the fourth quarter, we're thinking it should be in the range of $15 million, $16 million depending on how we finish with ASV. So roughly $83 million for bonus for the whole year. Last year, we were running sort of $105 million for bonus for the full-year. So the unfortunate trend here is that we have to adjust bonus based on ASV achievement, which is about two-thirds of our bonus calculation and margin is the other third. So I hope that gives you the detail you're looking for, Craig.
