Phil Snow: Sure. Hey, Ashish. It’s Phil. Thanks for the question. So similar to what we saw in 2022, we believe that our growth will be broad-based again in 2023. So there’s pretty even distribution of goals between the different business lines, as well as the different regions. And I think that’s really good news, you have got a great portfolio here, everything is firing on all cylinders. And when we look out at the first half, which we typically have good visibility on, we see a very good pipeline versus last year. So it’s a very high quality pipeline. So in terms of what we can see in front of us, we feel good. We don’t want to be naive. We understand that our clients obviously are going to be facing some pressure here on the budget side, but that plays into our strengths. And we have a great sales team, they are fully equipped to go out and really kind of communicate the value of FactSet’s proposition -- value proposition and there’s a lot we can do to help clients on the efficiency side, as well as obviously alpha generation. One piece of our business that I really want to call out this year is the analytics business. So if you go back to 2021, you can see that business was growing at 6% and it reached double digits this year. So that’s 400 basis points of acceleration in analytics and that is not workstation based growth, primarily. So we are having huge wins across the portfolio life cycle. In the middle office, we have talked a little bit about that in the script, but we are very encouraged by the conversations we are having within institutional asset managers to help them think about how they manage data and their workflow. So that’s just one thing that gives us more confidence going into next year.
Phil Snow: Hi, Faiza. It’s Phil. So, yeah, in 2022, we went out with a 4% price increase and we anticipate we will be asking for a little bit more than that going into 2023, which is completely appropriate given the level of investment we have made in the product and obviously our costs. We don’t expect to be market leading in our price increase, right? We want to be conservative here and make sure that we are thinking about our long-term relationships with our clients. But based on what we were able to do in terms of getting realization from 4% this year, we feel pretty confident that we can get a bit of an uplift going into 2023 with price.
Phil Snow: I’d also add on that in terms of price realization, we have been able to -- well, I really simplify our rate card and go-to-market and I think capture price for new sales much more than we had in the past. So that’s really helped us in terms of how we execute and the sales force has done a tremendous job in taking a much more simplified set of packages to market. And it’s made the client’s lives easier, it’s made our lives easier, it’s really helped all around. So that’s part of what we think about when we think about price as well.
Phil Snow: Just probably reiterate something I said in my opening remarks, which is the numbers that Linda just mentioned have allowed us to go broader and deeper in the organization in terms of the number of employees that are participating in the bonus and equity pools, which is really great that we are able to do that, and obviously, has very good consequences for us in terms of talent retention moving forward.
Phil Snow: Hey, Manav. It’s Phil. Yeah. So we see strength in both the pipeline for the buy-side and the sell-side. So based on what we can see today, I think, our 9% buildup is a very healthy combination of different firm types and beyond those -- beyond the larger asset managers and banks, we obviously have some other firm types now that are smaller in terms of our base but are growing much more quickly.
Phil Snow: Yeah. I think that’s right, Linda, and just to kind of re-stress what you said at the beginning there. We are really focused on sustainable top line growth there. I think we can control our costs where needed. But our primary objective, as we stated back in 2019 is to get the top line back up to a much higher number and we have done that. We want to keep it there and we have got a long list of great ideas to invest in as well as some existing programs that continue to need feeding, as well as all of our great employees. So that’s the balance at FactSet. We are a consistent performer. We feel really good about where we are right now, probably, the best we have felt in a long time in terms of our business model and our momentum. We feel like we are in a really good position to make the decisions that we have made and we feel these are the best decisions for the long term for our clients, investors and employees.
Phil Snow: I will start and Linda please add on. So, yeah, we are not expecting anything dramatically different, Alex, in terms of the seasonality. We did do a really great job last year of pulling more into Q1 with some sales incentives. We have a similar program set up for this year. But I think we anticipate as usual that we would capture more than half of our ASV in the second half. I don’t know, Linda, if there’s anything you can do to kind of help answer this.
Phil Snow: Hey, Greg. Yeah. I think I know the one you are referring to. So I believe that closed in August. So the impact to revenue is going to be pretty low for 2022, obviously, we will capture all of that in ‘23. It was a decent-sized win, but I would not say, it was a win that made the quarter, but it was a good multi-seven figure win and a lot -- thousands of wealth adviser desktops. So what’s driving all of these wealth wins really has a lot to do with the core product itself, but also we have released something called Advisor Dashboard, which had an exceptionally strong Q4. So we had three key Advisor Dashboard wins in Q4. So this Advisor Dashboard is an add-on to kind of all of the advisers that have the regular FactSet product for wealth but just gives a lot more intelligence to the adviser in terms of how they might want to organize their actions for the day. So this is a great market for us as well. The wins at our back. We are growing it in double digits. It’s becoming a meaningful part of FactSet’s revenue. And it’s one that we are going to continue to invest in. So Linda mentioned the RFPs. We get a lot of these. These are large decisions for these big wealth companies. So I continue -- I would expect to see a continued steady diet of these larger wins that we can execute on. It’s hard to get more than a handful every year. But below that, we are doing a lot to close tons of family offices. We are beginning to close more RIAs. There’s just a lot of great momentum in the space and it’s a lot of what’s driving our user count as well.
Phil Snow: Yeah. We are seeing a little bit of, I think, extension in how long it takes to close a deal. We saw some of that in hedge funds. But honestly, a lot of our clients are going through the journey that we have been going through, which is digital transformation. These efforts are not stopping for our clients. You can’t stop. You have to keep investing, I think, to transform your business in this market and we have so many picks and shovels now to help the clients in terms of being more efficient that we feel it’s not a difficult thing to sit down with the C level at our clients, the heads of technology and really educate them about all the great stuff that FactSet can do. I am super excited for 2023. I think there’s a premium opportunity here for FactSet to tell our story in an even newer and more exciting way for our clients in terms of the capabilities we have. We really believe that what we have done here to transform our business is market leading, the opening of the platform, the APIs that we offer our clients now that link in with their own tech stacks, all the work that we are doing with partners like asset services, that’s really helping us. We have a new quant research environment where clients can come in and programmatically access FactSet. So we have been telling the story for years now, we are not just a workstation business. But all of these elements and these different ways that you can utilize our data and analytics just give us a ton of confidence that even if it’s a tough environment for clients and their budgets are constrained, we are going to be at the top of their list in terms of partners they want to work with.
Phil Snow: Yeah. I mean just to build on what Linda said here. I mean in banking, we did more -- we closed more ASV in banking in Q4 this year than we did last year, which might surprise some of you and more for the whole year. So we have -- you have seen the growth rates. So that’s held up really well. And within banking, where I think a lot of the concern comes from, from a seat count standpoint, we have really diversified what we sell to the banks now. So we have parts of FactSet that can get integrated into their CRM workflow. We are doing more on the feed side. So we are not just a one-trick pony anymore on the sell-side. There’s a lot of other stuff we can sell to the banks that isn’t related to just workstation.
Phil Snow: Hey, George. It’s Phil. So similar programs as we both highlighted in our opening remarks. I think, I’d expect, again, a pretty even split between products and people and continuing to feed deep sector private markets, wealth, ESG. We have a couple of really cool ideas in terms of where we can invest with CUSIP Global Services in partnership with the ABA. So that’s up and running. And then we also have our upturn playbooks, as well as our downturn playbook. So if things end up going better than we think, we have other investment ideas around different asset classes and workflows that were -- that we could fund as well.
Phil Snow: Maybe just I will clarify something. So I think if you look at the midpoint of our guidance, which is $165 million and you divide that into the $1.84 billion that we ended the year at, that gets you closer to 9%. So the midpoint of our guidance is around 9%. I think if you then factor in CUSIP coming in like in the second half of the year, I think that’s when we consider it to be organic. So I would think of it that way, George. So we don’t really think of ourselves as decelerating that much, right? I think we ended the year at 9.3% or 9.4%, and the midpoint is around 8.9% or 9%. So that’s how the math works on that.
Phil Snow: Hey, Craig. It’s Phil. Yeah. So we don’t get into that much detail in the pipeline. But as I mentioned earlier, we have got a very broad-based plan here to grow both our businesses and our geographies. So it’s -- you can see that in this year’s results in that the range of growth rates from research and advisory through to CTS was 8% to 11%, and the regions were about 8% to 12%. So we don’t anticipate anything much different than that, so I think just stay tuned.
Phil Snow: Maybe I will speak to the investments first, and then I think Linda will have something to say on price. So, hey, Russell, so, yeah, these are new investments and we are just beginning to get these going. So they are not going to weigh heavily on margin by any means and I would not anticipate that we would be getting much of a revenue impact from them this year.
Phil Snow: Great. Thanks, Linda, and thank you all for all the great questions today. I am very proud of what we have accomplished this year and we are not done yet. We have great momentum heading into 2023, as we remain focused on executing on our strategy and creating long-term value for all our stakeholders. While we recognize the uncertainty in the market, FactSet has a proven 40-plus-year of history -- 40-plus-year history of successfully navigating volatility. Thanks to our business model, innovative product mix and the central role we play for our clients. Regardless of the macro environment, I am confident in our ability to drive sustainable growth given the investments we have made in our businesses. And we look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. In the meantime, please call Kendra Brown with additional questions. Operator, this ends today’s call.
Linda Huber: Sure. Thanks, Ashish. As we had said on the third quarter earnings call, if we did well in the fourth quarter, we did flag that we were going to put up a higher bonus accrual for the fourth quarter. So I am somewhat surprised, frankly, that people were surprised by the level of what we did in the fourth quarter in terms of the bonus. The bonus accrual for the fourth quarter was $37 million and in the third quarter it was $31 million. Our total bonus pool, as we said, was $111 million, which was up considerably over last year. We also increased stock-based compensation and that’s important. We are pushing equity to more people in the corporation, both broader and deeper. So that’s an important change, as well as we try to get our compensation balanced properly. Technology expenses were also up and we had talked about this also at Investor Day, that as we move to the cloud, we are seeing higher utilization of the cloud so that costs a little bit more as well. So most of this was around the increase in the like-for-like compensation, Ashish. We did hire some more people, same balance of 65% in centers of excellence and 35% that are not in the centers of excellence. So nothing too dramatic there, most of that goes to content collection as we are looking to invest in deep sector, as Phil said. But really nothing particularly exceptional, other than that we had a really strong year and a strong fourth quarter and we had a bonus catch-up as I had said we were going to do on the third quarter call. So I hope that helps you.
Linda Huber: Sure. So over the course of the year and I am not going to go into fourth quarter, CGS gives us about 500 additional basis points of margin. And as we said in the script, we reinvested 360 basis points of that margin and we increased our margin over the course of the year by 140 basis points, which we think is pretty significant amount and far in excess of the 50 basis points to 75 basis points that we had guided toward. So as we roll forward, we have increased margin that comes from CUSIP, but we are going to be thoughtful about how we deal with that margin. And again, we would see that we will reinvest about two-thirds and probably about a third will drop down to the bottomline. So we would expect that that will continue at sort of the same pace next year.
Linda Huber: And Faiza, please note that Phil has said before, none of that made its way to his desk in the past year. So we think that price increase went pretty well. It’s been reported in the media that some of those in the competitor space maybe pricing considerably higher. We don’t intend to go all the way up to that, but we do expect that we could do a good bit better than we have been able to do in 2022, because we do have market-leading products. So we are quite optimistic about that for FY ‘23.
Linda Huber: Sure, Owen. We are prepared for the downturn playbook if we need to bring that into action. Right now we don’t see any need to do that. Things are holding up very well. Sales are very strong. And as Phil said, this is a high recurring revenue business. So we have pretty good idea of what revenue will look like for the first half of next year because we have already got the ASV in-house. So that’s really, really good. So the numbers are for the course of the year. Last year, we found that we did $89 million in bonus and this year it was more like $111 million, $112 million. So that was a pretty high change given the performance of the company and that’s all formulaic. So as we go back into FY 2023, that bonus pool will reset to roughly $90 million. So that’s the first step. And then if for some reason we underperform, that bonus pool will adjust as well and will go back down, but this was a very strong year. Similarly, last year, we paid out $45 million in stock-based compensation. This year, we paid out $56 million in stock-based compensation. So the reset on that will be closer to the $56 million number, but again the bonus pool can flex and adjust. Our salary line, in fact, because we had slower hiring than we expected, was not up very much. So it’s important that investors understand most of this comes from the flexible nature of the bonus pool increasing. So, in fact, in FY 2021, the salary line was $4.96 and in 2022, it was $5.07 [ph]. That’s only a 2% increase. So we are keeping a very good handle on the salary line. Most of this flex has been in the bonus line, because we had a very strong year, as we talked about in the third quarter. In fact, we are pretty surprised with the reaction because we had signaled that this would be coming. So hope that’s helpful to you and hope that answers your question.
Linda Huber: Owen, it’s Linda. I do think we are going to be able to meet that EPS growth expansion and one of the things to consider here -- actually, two things to consider. One is the tax rate, so we are guiding to 12.5% to 13.5% next year. Our history has been that we have had one-off items that have been flattering to our tax rate, so we may find ourselves in that situation again. Secondly, we can’t predict what option exercise will be, which is beneficial to our tax rate as well and brings it down, so that one is hard to predict also. So the tax rate might be something that could be helpful to EPS. Thirdly, we have not modeled in any share repurchase for 2023. We thought that was the conservative thing to do. We are hoping to be able to go back into the share repurchase market once we bring our leverage down to where we need it to be, which is 2 times to 2.5 times gross leverage for the company and we are pretty close to that already. We have gone from 3.9 times to 3.5 times to 3.1 times at the end of our fourth quarter. So if that happens, share repurchase will be pushed more towards the back half of the year and it won’t help us that much, but it would be some wind at our backs. So those are some of the various factors, and of course, if we do better on the margin line that will come down into EPS as well. So just some things to consider as puts and takes on the EPS outlook.
Linda Huber: Manav, that’s correct. So we are looking about 9% growth for next year and you are correct that CUSIP does average down that growth a little bit. We factored that in for the full course of the year. We will be bringing CUSIP online a year after it has closed and so we will be talking more about that as we get there. But the 9% number looks pretty good, CUSIP may bring it down a couple of basis points, but we are only going to be including that in the back half of the year, as you noted.
Linda Huber: Yeah. Thank you very much, Alex. I think you expressed it really very well. If we are guiding to 50 basis points to 75 basis points of margin expansion on average over the next couple of years to exit at 35% or so adjusted operating margin in 2025, that’s what we are going to do. This growth in the topline doesn’t come for free. We have invested to be able to make sure that we keep that topline growing despite the market conditions. And we feel we over delivered in 2022. We had said 50 basis points to 75 basis points. We put up 140 basis points. Our midpoint in the guidance for next year is 60 basis points. We may have that wrong. We may get 110 basis points. It’s very hard to tell. There are a lot of things moving around right now. Currency movements are the most dramatic and volatile they have been in 40 years. The Fed action yesterday was not really expected that it would be that dramatic in terms of the tone. So we want to be a little bit cautious as we think about the margin going forward. But, yes, we will protect it on the downside, through the downturn playbook, we will make that adjustment. And on the upside, which is what we experienced in 2022, if we do better, our contract with our employees would be that we pay them higher bonuses because they performed and that will adjust the bonus line again. We will adjust back down to about $90 million as we go into 2023. So there seems to be a lot more dramatic response here than we had anticipated. But I will turn it over to Phil and let him talk a little bit more about the margin commitment.
Linda Huber: Sure. Directionally, Alex, you should probably expect all of this hinges on our pacing of hiring. So all things being equal, the first quarter, it’s a little hard to get all the hiring done exactly pro rata over the four quarters. So the margin might be a bit higher in the first quarter and perhaps the second quarter, and then in the back half, that hiring pace picks up. And if we have any catch-ups again on bonus next year in the fourth quarter, because we have done well, you would see the same sort of pattern occur. So, again, probably the margin trend would be a little higher earlier in the year, and perhaps, a little more muted later in the year, but it could lay out differently if the macro conditions are a little bit different as we move through the year.
Linda Huber: Sure. We work hand in hand, Alex, with Helen Shan, our Chief Revenue Officer, who’s done an amazing job. And first quarter kickers are very helpful to getting the ASV in sooner and then we have the weight of that ASV over the course of the year, which is very, very helpful. Also, we have had very strong ASV in the back half of 2022, which converts to revenue that we can already see in the front half of 2023. So we feel pretty good about what we are seeing and we actually think that these market conditions will allow us to sit down and talk with a lot more clients about what they can do in terms of cost efficiencies, and that’s where we feel that we really shine. Also, we are doing incredibly well with head-to-head competition. In terms of requests for proposals, we are doing very well and the investment in the product is paying off with a lot of wins. So looking at next year, it’s hard to find what one shouldn’t like about this guidance for next year, 9% topline, margin expansion and EPS growth around 10%. We think that’s pretty healthy. So tax rate breaks a little bit our way. We get back to a bit more share repurchases. We feel pretty good about this guidance. So we hope that helps.
Linda Huber: Greg, another point to note, and Phil can speak more about this, the kind of shorthand old school idea is very much based on seat count and even if seat count is somewhat reduced at some of the banks, we don’t price most of what we are doing by seat count anymore. So that’s kind of an old school idea and we just want to make sure that everyone understands that. We see these headlines that there’s going to be some thoughtfulness regarding investment banking and so on, but the class sizes that we have seen so far haven’t moved very much at all. I think what we see here is a delay in the capital market’s pipeline and that will come back at some point. But the M&A deal market, as asset prices are returning back to earth, could be very much a bright spot. So this happens every 10 years or so and we don’t think that the result for us is going to be particularly that dramatic, but maybe Phil might have some more to say about that.
Linda Huber: And probably, lastly, as bankers might move away from the bulge bracket firms, generally they go to other places. They go to corporates, they go to PEVC, they go to hedge funds or they go more to the boutique firms. We have made really good strides with the boutique firms this year, because as those bulge bracket bankers might move on in their careers and move to other firms, they take FactSet with them, they take their preference for FactSet with them and that’s a very important selling tool for us. So we have seen this happening naturally. It’s a real wind at our backs. So even if bankers move around, that’s not an unhappy story for us. It just kind of spreads the gospel that FactSet has the best products to more firms. So that’s a space we are watching, but it’s probably a little overemphasized from what we are seeing.
Linda Huber: Yeah. Great questions that you have there, Russell. We would expect that CUSIP, we can think about pricing. Again, we don’t totally control the business, we are in a transaction -- transition services agreement that can last for up to a year. That’s up to March 1st. We hope to get off that sooner and there are a number of things that we need to do with CUSIP. One of those would be to look at its accounts receivable and one of the analysts was very correct in the third quarter that our days sales had gone up largely as a result of the accounts receivable from CUSIP. I am very, very pleased to note that we have reversed that trend. In fact, our days sales outstanding from the third quarter to the fourth quarter have gone from 42 days down to 37 days. We think that once we get the business completely in-house, we are going to be able to do more with that. And then we will think about pricing. But again, we run this business with the American Bankers Association, and we have to be very thoughtful and we have to think about what we are doing. So we don’t see any margin implications at all, but we could do a better job of collecting our accounts receivable with the CUSIP business. So we will be looking at that and we have a plan ready to go once that comes in-house.
Linda Huber: It does include higher prices for 2023, which is why we have confidence on the revenue line and we do have -- what we talked about on the third quarter call is we do have the potential for the downturn playbook if things get more difficult. Again, to reiterate that, bonuses come back down from sort of the $111 million, $113 million range back into the 90s and then if we don’t perform, they can drop even below that. We have other things that are scaled to -- incentive payments are scaled to how well we do and we do think that that would provide the first cushion. The second would probably be travel and entertainment, if we do need to look at tightening things. Thirdly would probably be discretionary project spend, particularly in the technology area and we would look at that as well. So we see 2% to 3% flexibility on pricing if we need it. But this is a growth business and we are pretty excited with how things are going and the market share we have been able to take. The fact that we have invested has allowed us to build cutting edge products that are winning in the marketplace. And that’s really an important thing, and we intend to keep that going. Also, our employees are doing great things and our sales team performed just out of the park in FY 2022. So those sales payments are -- had been a little bit higher, we will see what happens with those in 2023. We are rooting for the sales team to have another good year. Hope that helps.
Linda Huber: Yeah. Adam, I am sorry, I answered the question that Shlomo correctly pointed out on days sales in the wrong place, that’s my fault. And again, we give him full credit for noting that and he maintains his third quarter gold star for having noticed that. The issue there is…
Linda Huber: The issue is this translation exposure as we put up the reserves for our bonuses. We have a lot of employees in emerging markets and then as the dollar strengthened, that situation was one that we couldn’t hedge. So that’s basically what’s going on there. One thing I forgot to say also regarding the bonus payments, which might have not been evident to everyone. We had some bonus payments that we owed as a result of some of the acquisitions that we have done that have performed pretty well. So that was another couple of million dollars on the bonus line for some of those acquisitions where we had agreements with some of the principals of those businesses. So, with all of that, we hope that, that explains things pretty well, and as we said, we are pretty pleased with our guidance for next year, 9% is the midpoint on the topline, that does include pricing power, which is very helpful to us, margin expansion of about on average median 60 basis points, if things break our way, that might be better. But as everyone has noted, we are conservative and will probably stay that way. Tax rate of 12.5% to 13.5%, we may find ourselves with some one-offs that are helpful to us there and we will see what happens with EPS if we are able to resume our share repurchases, those will have a marginal impact because they will be back-end loaded. So I think that’s about it. I think we have covered all of our housekeeping items. And with that, I think, I will turn it back over to Phil.
