Peter Walsh: Peter, I wouldn’t call out anything specifically. As you know we have been managing FactSet at the total operating income line and that’s really where we focus, so there hasn’t been anything specific that I would call out.
Peter Walsh: Yes. In terms of capital spending, I think the real drivers of it in terms of the movement from quarter-to-quarter really relates to real estate we build out of new space. We mentioned on the call that we hadn’t signed any new leases, and I think that’s really the reason why it was sort of a muted quarter in terms of capital spending. In terms of full year, we stopped including in our guidance because it’s been such a small and really irrelevant number. I think if you look at it in terms of historical numbers relative to percentage of revenues, it stays very consistent year-to-year.
Peter Walsh: I would call pipeline is very consistent. We are generally an attractive buyer, so we are involved with pretty much anything that’s in our space. We have a pretty high threshold when it comes to things that we are truly interested in and the threshold really is it is going to help our financial professional end users that we currently sell to. So we put that under that filter and look for things that are going to be great for our shareholders and for FactSet.
Peter Walsh: I think there was modest deceleration amongst the existing clients. It really came – there were three drivers that are the big expansion amongst the wealth users, core business added users and then the acquired new clients that certainly drives for efficient growth.
Peter Walsh: Well, I think it was broad based. There was unquestionably couple of big wins that there were not a disproportionate amount of the total user increase.
Peter Walsh: Yes, it’s the way we were just calling that out in this particular quarter Glenn which we are just isolating the buy side user which was the strongest since that period.
Peter Walsh: Hi, Alex, it’s Peter. There is a lot of things that influence our operating margins from quarter-to-quarter even the two acquisitions that, that we referenced while they did have an impact in our margin. The relative size to FactSet’s entire business is quite small. Historically looking back we’ve managed our margins to be flat and we’re very proud of that fact because at the rate which – this business is generating margins at between 33% and 34%, we’re still – which is very high, we’re still aggressively investing back in the business. In terms of looking ahead I definitely would encourage investors to look at our forward operating margin guidance in Q3 and also EPS which implies that on an adjusted basis again EPS will grow by more than 10%.
Peter Walsh: Thanks, Bill. It’s Peter. In terms of new products we’ve been investing both in terms of new applications and new content. Our fixed income portfolio analytics product has been one that has been garnishing a lot of investment for us and continues to do quite well in the marketplace.
Peter Walsh: We’ve been – on the content side I would say that we’ve been investing aggressively in StreetAccount in terms of expanding its coverage and also its value points and different types of new stories and we’ve gotten particularly good feedback from users on that investment.
Peter Walsh: And I might just add to Mike’s comments just for clarity. As we add users to subscribe to StreetAccount through their existing product that we acquired they’re not included in our user count. So the user count that we’re describing is just back to terminal zone.
Peter Walsh: Yes, thank you, Toni and thank you everyone else for your questions today. We look forward to catching up with you next quarter.
Phil Hadley: No, Peter, it’s Phil. I think the way I would think about it, anytime we have strong password growth like we did this quarter, it’s going to bring down the average per password, because as we sell our products in that vector of revenue, they wouldn’t come on at the average, so it’s actually a good thing. And the same is true with client count. We have a strong quarter for adding clients. The new client does not come on at the average client rate that we have. So as I have said many times I think it’s important to look at it as a positive but as soon as you start dividing the numbers there is lots of things that come into play.
Phil Hadley: No, it really doesn’t change that much quarter-to-quarter. Same players in this space, I think we feel very good about the product and mix that we have in the marketplace. As Peter kind of added in the color, it was certainly primarily a buy-side phenomenon for us, and we continued to gain share both in seats as well as clients.
Phil Hadley: I mean, this is Phil. Well, it’s certainly depending on where you draw the line, give you over 500,000 users, I am not sure that’s really the target we are after at this point as Mike alluded to we are after the higher net worth of the ultra net worth end user, who maybe in old school days you might think of it as a trust officer in a commercial bank, but things have changed and assets kind of gather in a bunch of different ways. And as Mike alluded we have had success in that space. Bigger thing for us is it’s really the same product we are selling to that space and our work flow solution since they really have institutional nature, it worked very well for us.
Phil Hadley: I was just going to add a couple of point of clarification. I think the percentages we put out the 17.3% and 82.7% would be what we would think on the organics, so we would exclude the $12 million or the $5 million from Revere plus the $7 million from Matrix, which might be leading people to think that the sell side grew and it did. So the growth this quarter is on the buy side.
Phil Hadley: I would go with Peter’s answer and I honestly don’t think of SG&A and cost of goods as something different in FactSet even though the accounting profession divides those two up. And I would think that over time, we’ll integrate and get efficiencies with those acquisitions, but I would stay focused on FactSet from an EPS growth perspective.
Phil Hadley: Well, I think that Mike alluded to the fact that banking is just a very choppy space for us. They typically do all of their hiring in the fourth quarter and everything in between can be up or down depending on an individual client can swing a quarter on an ASV basis. But I wouldn’t characterize it any different other than the fact that quarter-to-quarter it’s very choppy, this quarter less choppy than last, but still choppy.
Phil Hadley: Alex, just I think a point of clarification, we wouldn’t – user and client wouldn’t count if somebody is on a zero revenue trial to match a contract expiration.
Phil Hadley: So Alex, every quarter, a very high percentage of our ASVs that we derive come from existing clients. New clients when they come on, come on in a much lower average ASV than our existing trends. We may also offer transition discounts to help clients manage the transition from one supplier data analytics to FactSet. Once these clients become clients that’s really when our opportunity begins to introduce new products and services and to upsell and help them improve more and more of their workflow process. So the punch line is new clients come on at a typically low ASV level and over time they grow and that relationship we have with clients that drives ASV for FactSet.
Phil Hadley: So as Peter alluded historically we’ve – as he said in his opening statements we saw less from price increase in the second quarter of this year because more of the price increases happen over the course of the year in a way that corresponds with client’s renewals. Our philosophy around pricing is pretty consistent. Over the course of the year, FactSet releases hundreds of enhancements to its clients at no incremental cost. As the year goes on we study the competitive dynamic, we study the effect of these enhancements on our users and we try to determine where we added the most value. It’s a very fluid process. I would say our price increases tend to near CPI about that level and that’s the level that I would anticipate going forward.
Phil Hadley: As I think we alluded to before, we’re really targeting the users in the wealth community that are operating very much like institutional asset manager.
Phil Hadley: The price points are very similar. It’s been exciting to see these users increase their level of sophistication and generate interest in some of the more advanced analytic applications we have such as portfolio analytics. So I think as the information needs and sophistication of that user group increases over time it represents a greater the FactSet potential growth.
Phil Hadley: The way we treat acquisitions when we add them to just to make sure that everybody is clear on what organic, that’s just a beginning point. If they add ASV next quarter it will be part of the organic growth that the – the $7.3 million will stay in our organic calculation for four quarters and then dropout.
Phil Hadley: Thanks, Toni. I think our D&A really is to think about organic growth. Peter was talking about all the investments we have been making in product and we really think about our plans going forward for the next 12 and doubling of the business being in organic opportunity. I think we look at acquisitions on a strategic basis as an opportunity for us to potentially in some cases buy something instead of build, but it’s not part of our plan. There is no portion of next 12 months revenue that we are planning to buy versus build. I think that puts us in a very strong position in the acquisitions we have made have been very accretive to FactSet both strategically as well as performed well from a financial perspective. So we are very, very careful about that process. And I was really just alluding to the fact that it’s kind of a pipeline as normal and there is always things that are kind of interesting, but it really involves lots of factors before it would be something that we would actually acquire. The culture needs to fit. It needs to be something that’s strategic for the business. In addition to that the financial criteria (indiscernible) being accretive to us in the long run is important. So it’s really more business as usual in that category.
Mike Frankenfield: Hey, Shlomo, it’s Mike. Growth in user count is primarily coming from the investment management segment, which includes wealth managers. We think of – when we think of wealth managers, I will remind everybody that we are targeting really the high net worth managers who are operating very much like traditional institutional investment managers. We had several big wins in the quarter, some important client displacements that led us to have some really good user growth in that area, so little bit offset by some headcount reduction in the banking segment though the reduction in users in the banking segment is happening at a much slower pace and it’s also being offset by positive growth amongst the middle market banking users, so any decline in that segment is really only happening in the big firms.
Mike Frankenfield: It’s Mike again. I hesitate to get too excited or too low. Our sales process is characterized as one that has a very, very long sell cycle. Our product development process involves making bets and developing product that takes years to get into the marketplace. So really what you are seeing in this particular quarter is the results of work that began many quarters ago, has come to fruition now, and I think we just take a steady as she goes, keep trying to understand what our users need, how we can add value to them, and try and build the best product possible.
Mike Frankenfield: Again, I am not – it’s hard to get too excited on a quarter-to-quarter basis. If you look at why we are doing well, we have got great improvements to the product in terms of functionality, user experience fee. Our content sets enable us to sell complete solutions to clients without having to involve third-parties and that gives it a little bit of momentum. We have specialized the sales team even further and have greater segment focus and specialization on new client acquisition. These are all things that I think are really resonating with clients and maybe there is a little bit of firm creation on the buy side. There is certainly a little bit of firm creation in the middle market on the sell side. And all of that is -- there is till uncertainty amongst the very biggest clients on the sell side. So overall, it’s a positive environment and I feel like we have got a great product to go after.
Mike Frankenfield: Hey, it’s Mike. So the sell side is characterized really by two clients, they are the large bulge bracket firms and the middle-market firms. The areas that we are seeing the best growth though by no means spectacular growth is in the middle-market area. In the big firms, they continued to be very cost focused spending lot of effort rationalizing their spend. They have not yet turned into the point where they are investing materially in the business. So we are not seeing any sort of material growth in the bulge bracket firms.
Mike Frankenfield: I’d characterize StreetAccount as materially outperforming our expectation is giving us opportunities to enhance the workflow of our existing users, but it’s also given us an opportunity to attract new users to FactSet and penetrate firms and users that we didn’t have before.
Mike Frankenfield: We don’t see a lot of difference. The information needs and (local) needs of both the institutional managers and the wealth managers are similar and the complexity of the needs, the degree to which they need to do complex analysis is one of the important drivers of how much value we can deliver and therefore then how much we can charge.
Mike Frankenfield: In terms of user count, wealth management clients are certainly a factor in that. In terms of client count, that is being driven in a much more broad-based way in a combination of traditional managers, some small wealth management shops, hedge funds, middle market investment banking boutique firms. And then they clarify if a wealth division of a sell side firm who we’ve always counted as a client wouldn’t add to our client count. It would just be counted as part of the major client.
Mike Frankenfield: There is little change in the mix though wealth is still not a material driver in Asia. Asia growth is being driven by firm creation, certainly all of the things that are driving the core business. It’s also coming off of a relatively low base, which helps it achieve higher growth rates on a percentage basis.
Mike Frankenfield: We haven’t seen much Eikon in our core users. It suddenly popped up in select cases, but so far the majority of what we have heard is that they have released a new version, they have released several versions of the product. We know they are going through some conversions and that we believe most of the Eikon users that are out there today have been converted from other legacy Thomson platforms. We know that they have recently expressed their desire to convert to the Thomson ONE users to Eikon. The Thomson ONE users do have overlap with the FactSet target user group and that’s a group of users and a group of firms that we have been talking to for years. So the direct answer to your question is we haven’t seen it much in our market and we will continue to monitor it.
