Helen Shan: It's Helen. So, no, I don't -- but we were essentially going to be doing, because we believe we will still end up with the same amount of spend for the year is that as it ramps up, we'll still be within that range. And then at that run rate we'll continue to see that through the first two quarters of '21. Let me just give a little bit more color. Most of the expense for this year are much more people related, so it takes time to ramp up. I would say if you look over the phasing of the year, it's roughly, just call it 30%, will be in the first half and the balance in the second half. And so that's -- and then the technology spend is more in the latter half of the three-year investment plan. So it'll be a little bit slow out of the gate and it takes time to hire, but we don't expect that to be an issue as we think about the guidance we've given for the year.
Helen Shan: Yes, sure. Toni, thanks for your question. So this quarter, the benefit of FX was about $1 million, which is actually less than in the previous year and obviously a lot less during the course of FY '19. So that was not a material impact. If you compare our margin this quarter to Q4, we're exactly the same, 33.9%. So I think it's reflecting more of the consistency of the actions that we've put forth over the course of the year.
Helen Shan: This is Helen. Thank you for your question. I mean a lot of what we provide even when we talk to the client, are bundled as well. So, what we don't actually have plans right now to be breaking that out, but certainly we'll give you updates as we go on each call as we can.
Helen Shan: Thank you for that question. Yes, it's about that. We are expecting to be up year-on-year. So I think we ended last year around $60 million and we are looking more like an $80 million for this year.
Helen Shan: Yes, as Philip mentioned before, I mean I think the pipeline is healthy. We have seen some good new business growth. So as we think for the rest of the year, we're feeling more positive about the growth rate.
Helen Shan: So overall, when we think about both the content and technology we see minimal in this year, but as it ramps up, in general, we would expect to see about 25% of the total growth coming in year two, excuse me, 2021 with the balance coming into 2022. So it's more of a back-ended in terms of the list.
Helen Shan: Sure, this is Helen. No, we don't see that there is no pull forward due to cancellation from clients. So that's not how our model works, so that's not a driver at all.
Helen Shan: So, to go through, let me reiterate how that works. So we have $15 million in each of the years that we will be investing in for '20, '21 and '22. So in terms of what falls into the first year, it's $15 million.
Helen Shan: Right. Because much of the spend is people related and it takes time to hire, especially for the capabilities that we're building, which has to do as Phil talked about in terms of content, the expertise there and also on the technical sides related to digital capabilities.
Phil Snow: Yes. Hey, Peter, it's Phil Snow. So, yes, we're seeing very positive momentum in the trading space over the last few quarters, and a lot of that is attributed to, I think, the integration now the EMS capabilities within co-FactSet. And we're also seeing good momentum with our OMS offering as well. So just to remind everyone, we have execution capabilities, we have order management capabilities and we've integrated those now into a portfolio management platform, which is also beginning to gain some traction. So these are big numbers right now but the trend is positive, and that we're very excited about that part of our Analytics suite.
Phil Snow: Hey Manav, it's Phil. So I think that cancellations that we called out in Q1 was a little bit more of an expected cancellations within the sell-side across banking as well as research. And very often that's difficult to predict given the numbers are pretty large, and you're never sure sort of coming out of a hiring and into Q1 of what that's going to look like. And I think when we look at Q1 it's typically a smaller quarter for us, as I said in my script. We do go back 2 million or 3 million this quarter, but if you go back even a couple of years into fiscal 2018 that was a fairly small quarter for us as well. So when we look out for the rest of the half, it's significantly weighted, that's a Q2. And when we look at the pipeline versus the pipeline last year, we feel very good about our opportunities as we head into the second quarter.
Phil Snow: Yes. So, no, I mean, we're doing very well at BAML. I think that was obviously a great deal for us and was a significant contributor to Q1 of last year. So I think you could have expected some deceleration in this quarter just given that was a tougher comp. But we've had some very nice wins in Wealth at larger firms within the Americas, and we also are doing very well in the middle markets part of Wealth and the pipeline is very healthy. So there are some larger deals out there for us, which are little bit more binary. But just going back to the previous question, we're not relying on any, like massive deals to come within the guidance range that we gave at the end of the year.
Phil Snow: I think we felt well. This is a greenfield area for us. It's an area that we're not defending essentially, right, it's all offense. I think the product that we have is exceptional. We put a lot of effort into it. A big piece of our investment strategy for the next three years is to just continue to bolster the Wealth offering in terms of content, as well as -- and technology. There are some things that we're going to do there, I think, to make the life of the next generation of a financial advisor and wealth advisors so much easier. And some of that's integrating our risk capabilities, some of that's taking cognitive computing to essentially make the life of the wealth advisor and the financial adviser much more efficient. So this is a space we're super excited about. Typically, when there is consolidation, it means disruption and is an opportunity for a new newcomer like FactSet to come in and take a crack. So we're in lots of RFPs. These are big firms. They have long contracts. You don't win them overnight. But we feel exceptional about this piece of our business and the opportunity in front of us.
Phil Snow: So commercial banking is really interesting. We had a pretty good win there, and I think it was last year in Asia-Pac and that was a lot of seats but admittedly at a lower cost. But our web offering proved very good for that market, and I think we will continue to explore some opportunities there. We have pretty good business in insurance right now. So what resonate with our insurance clients is our Analytics products. We've got a great multi-asset class risk product, which we continue to invest in. And risk is one of the things I talked about in my script is, we've got a lot of good momentum in the risk space, the pipeline for risk looks really good and some of that is at insurance companies.
Phil Snow: Yes, so fixed income had very good quarter and we have a very good strong pipeline for fixed income. And that was one of the areas that we did worse than last year than we hoped. And the movement of the specialists back into the Analytics area has really paid off. So we've got some great leadership there, the team is excited. The areas that really are showing very strong momentum are fixed income, risk, Vault. And Vault to remind everyone, is kind of the combination of the BISAM performance product with traditional PA. That is gaining a lot of momentum. We're having a lot of unit sales with Vault. The APIs within Analytics are doing very well. We see a ton of momentum there. And I mentioned, we tripled the number of APIs that we had in Q1. And so a lot of that is our Analytics APIs. So all-in-all, we feel good about Analytics. I also mentioned our momentum there in the trading space. And a lot of these are really the workflow solutions and the portfolio lifecycle. So we've made a bunch of acquisitions three years ago. It has taken us longer than I expected to get those integrated. But I think what we're seeing now and out into the rest of the fiscal year is great momentum in those areas, the workflow solutions and helping the larger clients be more efficient from a technology standpoint.
Phil Snow: Toni, it's Phil. Yes, I think these are -- a lot of the cancels are typical in terms of the seasonal banking shown. There were a couple of firms where we had some things happen that we didn't anticipate. One was at a larger sell side firm and the other was at a middle markets firm. The sell-side firm, it happened that we have a very strong relationship with them, very excited about the opportunities moving forward. I can't get into the specific details. But clearly there's pressure, particularly on the bigger firms. We're feeling some of that. I think that's what you're seeing in the numbers for Q1. But we're doing lots of things right to work our way up the stack as these bigger firms provide more solutions and it's going to be a little bit choppy at some of them, but we feel good about the longer term opportunity for us.
Phil Snow: So we're attacking around eight sectors, I believe, over the next three years. To your point, we can't get them all done this year. So we have a very methodical plan to work our way through wage sectors and we're doing it in the order that we think will have the biggest impact for us. We've already hired all from the outside, industry experts for each of these sectors. So they are on board already this quarter. So I think we did an exceptional job there hiring, and it's going to depend on the firm essentially. So some firms may just want one or two sectors, some may want all eight, some may be very happy with 80% of the fund -- 20% of the functionality, but 80% of the value. But we are seeing a very healthy appetite for more choice in this area and we feel that we're going to have some impact this fiscal year. In fact, we already had I think one very good win. I can't remember if it's in Q1 or in the pipeline for Q2 with another firm for the financial data that we have.
Phil Snow: I think we are seeing more of an appetite for that, I was on a recent trip to Europe, I had a couple of good meetings at larger firms, where I think historically, people have been given choice and it's been a little bit more of a grassroots effort to do this. But what I'm feeling at a lot of these firms that are having more cost pressures is that there's going to be more of a top-down push to save costs and to do some of what you just described.
Phil Snow: Well, I'm hoping Joe that this is the inflection point and that when we talked to you in Q2, we can point to that. Obviously it's hard to predict the future, but when I look at what I just described in terms of Analytics, when I think about our CTS product suite, which we haven't talked a lot about today, but we're having exceptional momentum there selling our content, the Wealth pipeline our efforts to fill out the portfolio lifecycle, all of that is really great. I think we are seeing obviously people pressure in our industry and a lot of pressure on the research side. So that's the piece that's a little bit harder to kind of predict, but we feel like we've got the right strategy and we've got a team that's sort of really excited to execute even in what is a tough environment.
Phil Snow: I don't have all of that detail, Shlomo. I imagine some of it is just people pressure right, within the research side that does sort of less hiring going on. Some of it may be competitive pressure. I think there are situations there where we're taking market share and others are taking it from us. Again, I'll point to the fact that it's typically a smaller quarter. So we're calling it out this quarter just because it's one of the larger numbers, but in the big picture, when you think about our numbers for Q2 and Q4 especially, I wouldn't read too much into that for this quarter.
Phil Snow: We still -- when I look at the competitive win-loss, we're still I think doing well from a market share, taking market share standpoint.
Phil Snow: Yes. So we're beginning to get some momentum there. There are different pieces to it. So the piece that's generating, I think, the growth in CTS is really the data exploration platform that we've created. So it's really the ability to come in and look at our content in addition to some of the Open providers that we've added, some of the alternative data. But a lot of the growth you're seeing is really from FactSet-owned content and we're beginning to see a pretty healthy pipeline for some of the alternative data providers that are combined with that. I think as much the model and the ability to come in and begin programming in Python using Tableau kind of what the analyst of the future and the data scientists in the future is going to want to use, that's really the most exciting piece of it.
Phil Snow: Yes. So you're right, Bill. The other three businesses were positive this quarter, and Research is negative. Again, it's a smaller quarter. So again, it's hard to predict. We feel good about the Research business as we look out to the rest of the year and on our last quarter, we gave sort of longer-term guidance for what we think that business can do. The investments we're making in deep sector in private markets and StreetAccount, all will we believe, bolster that business and allow it to grow over time.
Phil Snow: Yes. So some of the data is unique, other people have it. I think the value that FactSet has always brought to the marketplace over the last 40 years is the integration of content. So you can deliver data sets all day out of a marketplace or a library, but the hard work is integrating the data so that you can use that as one data base and providing the tools to analyze the data. So that's what we do. We do very well. Of course, it's great to have our own content as well to monetize, but the real value for our content is how well it plays together and how well we can integrate it with other data sets and within other people systems.
Phil Snow: Yes, I believe it is. I think the active managers in particular, continue to be under cost pressure and it's up to FactSet to provide them tools that allow them to be more efficient. And that's really -- that's where it is with active managers. If I -- so if we think about other client types that are out there, we're making a lot of exciting progress in asset owners, which include planned sponsors and sovereign wealth funds, that's an area of growth for us. We're doing very well with hedge funds. I mentioned that we were positive this quarter. We're selling hedge funds a lot of CTS product. We are seeing good momentum in private equity. So that's an area that we're investing, but it's a smaller area of our business, but that's one that's going pretty rapidly. We're doing well in the corporate space. That continues to build momentum for us. So we're obviously active managers or a big piece of FactSet's business. We're providing good long-term solutions for them, but there are other markets that we're going into, that have a lot of great momentum.
Phil Snow: We do in some cases. So as clients have gotten larger and our footprint has gotten bigger with them, they look for I think more certainty within their budgets over time, and we do have floors in at some point. The other thing that we've made towards, and that continues is a bigger and bigger percentage of our ASV is tied to more workflow solutions and less people. So the majority of what I just described in the Analytics business has a lot less to do with seat count and a lot more to do with workflow and enterprise solutions. And the feeds is the same thing. So obviously, it's an evolution. It won't happen overnight, but I think it's the right strategy for us and one that we're already capitalizing on.
Phil Snow: I've obviously thought a lot about that. It doesn't feel to me that the combination of LSE and Refinitiv is going to be much different frankly to us than what we've been dealing with from a competitive standpoint with Refinitiv over the last couple of decades. So there is still uncertainty I would think within both the client base and their employee base in terms of what's happening, and we're just capitalizing on that uncertainty right now.
Phil Snow: Yes, I think so. Yes, I think that's what I was trying to describe, yes, there is uncertainty in the client base and in then their employee base, there is opportunity for us to go into clients and have conversations and take market share.
Phil Snow: Yes, correct. So we believe that this year in particular it's always back-end weighted, I think if you go back historically, it may be somewhere between 60-40 just in terms of the split. But the way that we thought about this year and the way that we've sort of modeled out our plan, we believe that the second half of the year is going to be more heavily weighted than typical. And we're still, feeling good about the guidance range that we issued last quarter.
Phil Snow: Hey George, it's Phil. So yes, I think we're seeing pressure on headcounts in the front office. I think that's pretty well known. I think portfolio managers, traders research analysts, I think over time our thesis is that we'll see sustained pressure in terms of the number of people and that clients are going to want to go to more efficient solutions and more of a technology type solution.
Phil Snow: Yes. So a lot of that really had to do with the large deal, but we had in Q1 last year that was booked as an add-on business that was an existing client. So I think that was the vast majority of this and as I mentioned in my script and throughout the call we're seeing a lot of very positive momentum for Analytics product for feeds and on the Wealth side a lot of it is driven by used account.
Phil Snow: Thanks everyone. I'd like to thank you all for joining us today. It's clear that the changes in our industry are happening and speed and we remain well placed to lead the charge. Our efforts are already taking root as we position the Company for the future, which is reflected in our new global headquarters here in Norwalk, Connecticut. And I'm very proud of the efforts we've made to create space that fuels innovation and collaboration and truly mirrors our Company and values. Demand for open flexible solutions is growing and I want to conclude by reiterating our conviction in our outlook for the year and happy holidays to all of you. If you have additional questions, please call Rima Hyder and we look forward to speaking to you next quarter. Operator, that ends today's call.
