Philip Hadley: It's Phil Hadley. I'd love to know what our growth rate would be or what the industry's going to grow over the next 3 to 5 years. Unfortunately, I live in a world where I kind of have to just react to what the market is currently doing. And I would certainly characterize, if you took our first quarter, we were coming off an incredibly volatile equity market, both in Europe and in the U.S., at the end of the summer and into our first quarter. And obviously, the market has kind of stabilized and sort of is heading in the right direction. Our clients tend to react differently as a group. The sell-side goes into shutdown mode immediately and it takes some time to recover. The buy-side kind of gets cautious and takes a wait-and-see attitude. So I think obviously what starts to happen is, that the market starts to fix itself and our client base gets a little bit more confident. All I can comment on really is just kind of how it feels relative to prior periods, and it feels a little better than it did in the first quarter. Certainly, not a raging bull market, but one that's got a little bit more health to it than it did 90 days ago. 
Philip Hadley: Dave, I'm going to take a stab at it. If you take our total ASV, revenues really break down into 3 categories. One is base fees, which you could good certainly argue is less feed-dependent, likely feed revenue will fall in that same category. The second big category would be applications that people would subscribe to our Portfolios suite would be the primary example of that. A component of that is kind of base-fee-oriented. Some of it is workstation oriented. And then the third piece is just pure workstation revenue that is headcount based. I'd put it in those big buckets but we don't decompose publicly exactly what those buckets are. And quite honestly, it becomes an accounting exercise to try and decide whether the value is in the base or in the feeds or in the applications so it's one we don't spent time internally, really decomposing down to a number that I could even deliver if I had it. 
Philip Hadley: I can comment kind of in 2 dimensions, one over the long term. That's always been true in our business, that when the sell-side's hot, it's really hot, and when it's not, it's horrendous. And fortunately for us, as you can see from the chart, a big chunk of our business is the buy-side and they are far more stable in how purchase product. I think in the last 2 quarters we specifically said the feed count, negative -- the negative part of the feed count is coming from the sell-side. So it would certainly support your thesis. 
Philip Hadley: But the converse, as Peter pointed out, if somebody had -- has signed a contract that's going to start 60 days from now, that's also not reflected in the number as well. 
Philip Hadley: It's very difficult for me to comment what would be going on inside  of other firms. I think we can really just live the world that we see and we experience in the marketplace. As Mike said, and I'll reiterate, our natural assumption is our competitors are going to get better. This is a sophomore industry, and it's -- if you don't keep moving forward, you're going to be done very quickly. So I think as a business, we constantly focus on our opportunity, which is to double our business, and we believe to double our business, we have to do 2 things. We have to make sure we double the value we can deliver to our clients, which is defined by whatever the clients perceive the value is in the marketplace, which means that we have to deliver a great deal of content that is going to change their workflows and make their investment process better and write the software to make that data come alive. And at the same time, there's the, just the brute force, sales force part of it where we've got a worldwide sales force and we have to teach and train and make sure that those people understand that we're the best product in the marketplace, and that they should move from whatever they're currently doing to FactSet. 
Philip Hadley: Theoretically, you can change price anytime you want. So that could happen very quickly. The thing that's not easy to change is value. Value is something you have to build in the product. We do live in a marketplace that really places a premium on information that helps them make a difference, so it becomes very important that you're the best at what you do, and you can give lots of stuff away that's not worth much. It doesn't really move the needle. It's really about producing better products. 
Philip Hadley: Several years ago, we launched a major facelift to our product called, at the time, the new FactSet. It replaced a legacy application we called DIRECTIONS. We know that when we release software, we -- it takes us a long time to ultimately perfect it, and we're still in the process of perfecting the new FactSet. We have a weekly build where new enhancements get introduced into our system. And every week, we're making progress to make our application better. We're continuing to explore new platforms to deliver our information across, whether it's mobile devices, iPads, et cetera, and I think we'll continue to invest in those areas as the users in our community have demand for executing our information that way. 
Philip Hadley: I kind of made the macro comment that I thought the marketplace felt a little bit better this quarter than it did in the first quarter, not surprising, giving what's going on in the equity markets. As to specific headcount plans, I think it's probably too early to make a comment on what we seek. I'll ask Mike to add to that. 
Philip Hadley: Really, what we're focused on internally is obtaining greater adoption of all PA products across the clients that subscribe to it. The PA suite is made up of 6 or 7 different products, whether it's the traditional PA workstation, risk, fixed income, tools to publish results widely, so on and so forth. And our efforts, our focus is on getting our clients to buy all of those modules as well as acquiring new PA clients. 
Philip Hadley: So a great thing about fixed income is that it's a huge marketplace. There may be 50,000 equities that the institutional market trades, that there are millions and millions and millions every day produced as -- of new fixed income instruments. For us, it's an exciting opportunity. We continue to invest very heavily in it. And it's become an integral part of our Portfolio suite, and we continue to expand the content we have in that space, the user count we have in that space and the applications we use to disclose that information. As far as where we are in the opportunity in the marketplace, I think we'd classify it as it's still as very early. 
Philip Hadley: We have a strategy that's focused primarily on buy-side traders. We continue to help connect all of the users within a buy-side firm, so being able to provide connectivity between a portfolio manager and a buy-side trader, loop in the analyst, it's all part of our goals. We're really -- you can think of it as just a -- an extension of our existing strategy, adding on incremental functionality and then sometimes incremental content. 
Philip Hadley: We've said there was no particular timing to it. We've seen the big sell-side firms, these pressures due to the macro environment. They've been rationalizing their headcount and it's been going on for a couple of quarters now. And we expect, like all things, it will stabilize and the volatility will reduce so, we'll move into an improved economy, and things will start to pick up. 
Philip Hadley: John, it's -- again, it's difficult for me to make comments on somebody else's growth rate because I really don't know. S&P is a huge organization, and there are lots of pieces that are now under the Capital IQ umbrella. So what specifically their growth is and how they're doing, it's difficult for me to tell. I'll just revert back to Mike's generic comment, and that is I believe that we're gaining share in the marketplace and that we do very well. And Cap IQ is one of the opportunities we have in the marketplace. 
Philip Hadley: It's a great question. I really wish I knew how -- if you really take our sell-side client base -- it really breaks into 2 big pieces. There's the bulge clients, the largest firms, and then the rest. I would characterize the rest is actually a very healthy business that isn't nearly as volatile as it seems to be that the big firms are. And I would characterize the marketplace as one that they're much quicker to go into shutdown mode than they are to go into spend mode. If they can shut down in a week, it will take them, I don't know, months, if not a longer period of a good market where they'd say, "Oh, wait. It's time to take the thumbscrews off, and start hiring again." Exactly the timing of that, I -- other people in the industry probably have a better view of that than I might. 
Philip Hadley: I would just characterize it as normal choppiness at this point. After living through as many cycles as I've lived through in this business, not even as bad a cycle as 3 years ago or even 7 years ago. 
Philip Hadley: I can answer that question the same way I've answered that question for a long time, and that is for the best that we possibly can, we run margins to be flat. And we'll find a great place to invest it for our shareholders and produce a great long-term return for them. 
Michael Frankenfield: It's Mike Frankenfield. We have a fairly conservative marketing budget relative to our size. We spend most of our resources on our direct sales model. That's the way we feel we can best connect with our clients and prospects in the marketplace. Having said that, we're always looking to optimize our spend on the marketing side and we have allocated some money towards updating, freshening our brand, and I'm pleased that you've seen it come flying through your iPad. [indiscernible] Peter, when I saw it that -- one night I'm sitting there flipping through, that reading the Wall Street Journal and up pops this piece, it put a big smile on my face. 
Michael Frankenfield: It's Mike. Yes, the competition changes very slowly quarter-to-quarter, and you certainly hear about press releases but what you actually see happening in clients, it happens over much, much longer cycles. We operate under the assumption that our competitors are going to continuously improve their product and get better. And with that assumption, we know that we have to work hard to stay ahead of them. So we focus on what we can control and we execute to deliver the best products we can. And I would say that, when I look at internal metrics that I measure within our firm, I'm very pleased with what I'm seeing relative to our competition. 
Michael Frankenfield: It's Mike. The price increase in the second quarter affected our U.S. Investment Management clients. We increased the price of our base workstation from $6,000 to $6,600 per year. Not every client was affected as large clients have their own separate contracts, and price increases for those clients come over the course of the year based on when those contracts were signed. And this year, I'd say that the price increase was a relative non-event for clients. We've added a lot of great value to our workstation. And I think clients recognize that we're working hard to improve our offering, and it more than justifies the small increase that we placed on our clients. 
Michael Frankenfield: We continue to see a good progress in our Asian operations, in the Middle East, India. Those areas are all growing faster than our overall growth rates. And Europe, continues to be a steady performer. There hasn't been any significant negative fallout from some of the turmoil in that region and our sales force there continues to plug along and deliver great results. 
Michael Frankenfield: I really think one of the biggest contributors to our partners in terms of new clients is the progress we've made with our proprietary content. Having our own content eliminates a lot of friction in the sales process, makes it easier for FactSet to obtain decisions from clients. But more importantly, the content is really good. The content is unique, whether you're looking at earnings estimates or debt capital structure or other types of data. And I think clients are finding great value in what we're producing because it is unique. There's no question also, we have a sales initiative focused on targeting new client acquisition. We dedicated resources internally, solely focusing on that task, and that also is playing a role in helping us increase our count. 
Michael Frankenfield: It's been evolutionary. It takes a long time for us to move our sales force from one role to another. So in selective markets, as we have the right HR opportunity, we move people into those roles. 
Michael Frankenfield: It's Mike. There are several reasons why FactSet is successful in the marketplace, and whether it's our software offering or our content that's looking a little bit about the improvements we've made to our content and some of the unique offerings we have. We still deliver very powerful software that is both intuitive and very flexible, which is able of solving a wide range of client problems. And then, we cover all of that or enhance all of that with a world-class client support team. And I think our client service and our philosophy of client service is a big differentiating factor for us in the marketplace. 
Michael Frankenfield: I would say we stopped disclosing that metric really for 2 reasons, one, it was directionally correct, but magnitude, it wasn't really telling the story of what was going on, and we didn't feel like we had a better metric to produce. And I think the second thing that's happened to our system as it continues to evolve is, PA evolves into all kinds of different dimensions on the system, and many of our clients use shares in their new FactSet workstation, which is a PA-like functionality and it starts to get gray as to where the product really -- workflow that starts and ends in what level of product they have. So the general comment is, clearly from each quarter, when we talk what's driving our business, our Portfolio suite is still a factor. 
Michael Frankenfield: There's a little bit of firm formation but the majority of it is just hard work on the part of the sales force, identify an opportunity. The sell cycle for products in our industry is long because it's difficult to change the user's workflow. And it's unusual that we would go into a sales situation and perform a demonstration and the client would immediately want to buy it. There needs to be an evaluation period, and then these things just take time. So really, what you're seeing is the result of a cumulative effort that's taken place over time. And I feel like our strategy of improving our product, improving our content and focusing sales efforts on the problem is really paying dividends for us. 
Michael Frankenfield: Yes, I think, well, we had good numbers this quarter and then we hope we can continue that progress. 
Michael Frankenfield: The international growth is really driven by the fact that we're a much smaller player in that arena and there's just a large number of firms, a large number of potential users. We've got -- there's strong appetite for information services as those regions continue to grow faster than the U.S. domestic economy. So the combination of our own efforts to sell into those markets and just the general macro environment of those economies. 
Peter Walsh: It's Peter. The ASV at the end of the quarter represents ASV on that date. So if we have any notifications of any service expansions or reductions in the next 90 days or any other period after that date, they won't be reflected in the number at February 29. 
Peter Walsh: It's -- Glenn, it's coming from all of the above. It's -- yes, we've been very successful in terms of not only expanding users but expanding our add-on applications, particularly in our Portfolio suite, and we've been also successful in expanding our distribution points outside of the platform. And we talked a little bit about that in the comments about our proprietary feed business and also been selling more FactSet content. So it's coming from all the above, and I think that's the -- one of the beauties of our model is that we're not reliant on a single source to be successful. 
Peter Walsh: It -- this quarter's no different than previous quarters, so we certainly think that it's sustainable. The price increase, we certainly quantified as $10 million this quarter, so you can derive the points from that number. 
Peter Walsh: It's Peter. Our focus in content really continues to be on content that is used by many across our platform. So we have a strong, strong focus on fundamentals. We have a strong focus on earnings estimates. We've embellished our debt capital structure content and we continue to bear down on our call transcripts and our ownership data. And we found that by doing that, it's -- we have the opportunity to monetize it across many, many users. 
Peter Walsh: It's Peter. In terms of headcount, I think the beauty of our ASV model is it gives us a nice forward-looking metric in terms of the next 6 months of revenue. And will it -- we keep adjusting our headcount according to our growth. So if we grow faster than our expectations, we'll tune up headcount, and we'll do just the opposite if it's decelerating. Overall, we think headcount's going to mirror or more closely follow our ASV growth than it has been in the past. And I think, it'll -- the reason for that is, is that we'll level off in terms of our content collection employee growth. And I think it will be more evenly distributed between content, engineering, and sales and consulting. 
Peter Walsh: It's Peter. Nice catch. We are doing something a little bit differently this quarter. We're investing -- we invested $15 million in short-term CDs in India. We did it because we -- the interest rate's a little more than 9%. We thought the credit risk was reasonable. And we don't have a need to repatriate the cash. So ultimately, if we cash in, we'll just use it to fund our operations locally. 
Peter Walsh: Peter, we certainly have a high quality problem in terms of having too much cash. We've been allocating it aggressively to share buybacks and to dividends. And historically, we've been increasing our dividend at healthy double-digit rates annually. So we'll certainly review that cap allocation process, and we certainly would expect to be consistent with what we've done in the past. 
