Peter Walsh: It's Peter. Under your assumptions, if the R&D tax credit is reenacted just for 2014, in Q2 we would have a one-time benefit to EPS of $0.14 and our quarterly EPS in Q2 through Q4 would increase by $0.02 per share.
Peter Walsh: Certainly. I think in broad terms, I'm just rounding a little bit for the benefit fee. In expenses FactSet has in annual terms 200 million of expenses in currencies outside the U.S. dollar. Half of those are between Euros and pounds. And in revenues, we built 97% of our ASV in U.S. dollar. The other 3% is weighted to yen and pound sterling. So we’re in a net expense position. The strength of the dollar does benefit our bottom line, but in addition what we’re doing with it is we’re going to reinvest back in the business and keep our margins flat. It certainly would encourage anyone to look at our public filings our Ks and Qs because we’ll layout our foreign currency exposure by currency as well as watch hedge in very specific terms.
Peter Walsh: Good morning, Shlomo, it’s Peter. The organic ASV growth rate is 8.5%. There is a table on page eight of the press release that lays out our methodology to calculate it. It backed out $7.3 million of acquired ASV for metrics and $2.6 million adjusted for FX from primarily the strengthening of the dollar against the yen. In Q2, next year, we will have -- metrics will be with FactSet for a full year. So, we’ll be not adjusted at all in our organic ASV growth rate that we publish at the end of Q2.
Peter Walsh: Revenue growth rate organically was 8%. And I’ll have to come back to with -- we backed out $2.5 million for Matrix, and that will not be backed out in Q2.
Peter Walsh: That was a secondary factor. In terms of data cost, the primary factor by a large margin is investment in new employees. That was either through our organic headcount growth or through the acquisition of Matrix. The data cost, variable data cost did increase and that does increase when along with ASV, and in this particular quarter related to increased subscriptions to risk suite and some benchmark subscriptions that are variable, particularly in fixed income.
Peter Walsh: I think Alex, what you’re -- in the 12.4% that I was -- that’s on an adjusted EPS basis and it backs out or adds -- reduces the last year’s EPS by a penny, which had the R&D tax credit in it for four months, and our guidance has it out for all periods.
Peter Walsh: Sure. On share buybacks, over the last three years, what we’ve purchased quarterly has really ebbed and flowed. It’s ranged from $28 million to $144 million. We’re not on a specific program. We have the luxury of having high quality problem in terms of too much cash. And the amount which we allocate to share buybacks, does -- we know it’s accretive and its variable related to M&A activity. Other income interest rates for us, hasn’t been change in material and I wouldn’t expect any material change in Q2.
Peter Walsh: Overall, this quarter -- and if rates stay the same in Q2, we do get a benefit, a net benefit from FX. But if you look at our margin guidance, you’ll notice that we’re managing the company to be flat. So we’re going to reinvest that benefit back in the product in the form of new headcount.
Peter Walsh: I haven’t quantified it. I think you can go into our Q and look at what we’ve hedged and our next exposures by currency and take a crack at it.
Peter Walsh: The big variability really relates to employee growth. It's -- as Phil previously mentioned, most of our new employee headcount starts off as consultants in engineering, which is part of our cost of sales line, and also obviously what we acquired from metrics all came into cost of sales. That's -- but I'd like to remind everyone really the way we're managing FactSet is that the operating income line and that's where we spend all our time and focus.
Peter Walsh: No, no, not at all. There's no message in -- our general philosophy is we're growing the size of our sales force. And we're doing that today at least at the rate of ASV growth.
Peter Walsh: Just in terms of user count, really all the metrics; user counts, ASV growth, extremely broad-based not significant amount of lumpiness in it.
Peter Walsh: The majority in this particular quarter was a function of expanding our existing footprints. We're not -- I don't think any significant challenge we're expecting.
Peter Walsh: I think I will just point out that it's not a metric that we follow internally at all. There is so much revenue that's not workstation related that would skew that number up or down in a particular order. We'd -- as was mentioned on the last question will be a factor where we can change workstation now by any and clearly affect that number up and down. I think Mike mentioned I actually feel like our product is getting more competitive in marketplace and gaining share. So I don't feel like we're in an inflationary environment as the workstation level is.
Peter Walsh: We're currently investing in the business. We guide margins to be flat and this is the way we run the business. I think if you look at our history it's never flat. That's what you plan for and some of the things either move it up or down, depending on what happens in the third quarter. I think on a business level though we're trying to find out that we can even drive double-digit [indiscernible]
Peter Walsh: We have seen Money.net. We have not faced them in any sort of competitive situations yet and very bright individuals from some of our competitors that spun off and created a compelling product that comes in very low price point, probably it's going to be interesting to the wealth management community, but I don’t see it being competitive with FactSet for a long time to come.
Peter Walsh: Shlomo, it's Peter. I have to get back with the actual percentage, but my guess is that it's around 20% and I'll come back and look at that from that back with you.
Peter Walsh: Yes, it's a question that hasn’t been asked in long time. I think it's roughly 20% from soft dollars through the buy-side.
Phil Hadley: I mean, as you mentioned, we have a successful chat service that many of our clients use. It saturates with AOL and many in the industry and we certainly have an open platform and we’ll saturate with anyone. I think what you’re referring to is a consortium that’s been formed to create even a broader competing service with that area. I only see that as a positive in the industry as it creates chat in a more open form.
Phil Hadley: I think what we’re seeing is really a strong competitive product in the marketplace. We’re certainly growing more than we feel our competitors are growing in our markets we serve. As you can tell by our result on the international side, we had strong performance and that wasn’t just Europe or Asia. It was really both. So, I think - we just feel that our product is strong and competitive and making inroads in the marketplace.
Phil Hadley: The fixed income product is accelerating in terms of growth by every metric, in terms of ASV, in terms of client count. As a reminder, the primary way we're addressing the needs in the fixed income space is to load large quantities of fixed income data and combine that with our clients' portfolio, so that clients can look at fixed income data within the context of our analytics application, specifically portfolio analytics. It's really a unique offering in the marketplace. We don't breakout separate numbers for you, but in previous quarters we've described that we were in the very early innings of what we perceived the market potential to be. We'd maybe advance that an inning or two. It's still very, very early days. It's not inconceivable, but some day in the far future we could see a world where much as half of our ASVs coming from our fixed income products. We're long ways away from that but very excited about the opportunity.
Phil Hadley: So, certainly from the sale side we segment the marketplace and attack traditional asst managers' hedge funds, and then as you pointed out, the high net worth or the -- we call PWM, the private net worth. I assume that's what you're talking about.
Phil Hadley: Works well, okay. We've highlighted on prior calls and continue to find great success in the wealth space. It's a smaller segment for us, so the growth rate is higher just because it's coming off a smaller base. Our core market always historically has been the traditional asset manager, and then a much smaller portion of our buy side revenues is the hedge fund space.
Phil Hadley: The FactSet -- the end customer base is static for us. It's true for almost every player in this industry. Certainly, the bulk of the revenue of the industry comes from the largest 500 firms in this space. I remember when we went public we had 85 of the top 100. I'm sure we're deep into the 90s at this point. So the client count hasn't changed much over time. It's really about selling workflows to the clients we have. And I think that's really where we excel. Every one of our clients, certainly the largest clients, there are significant numbers of users for us to get. I mean, I didn't give the exact number in our press release this quarter, but rounding at 60,000 end users in an industry with hundreds of thousands. We know our clients well enough to know that there are thousands of users just on the desks we don't have in those clients' book, buy and sell side. And then, as Mike mentioned, the fixed income workflows are very exciting for us. We continue to get deeper in to offering risk and quantitative tools for our clients. So it's a lot more product to the current clients we have. It is really exciting for us. We're on top of that. FactSet content is, in many categories, the premier content in the industry. And it really gives us all kinds of different channels to continue to grow our business without expanding our client count by a single client.
Phil Hadley: It’s a good question to ask. I think the way to think about it is clearly before we were just in the integration business and we had a small integration feed business where we've helped clients with the productivity of taking multiple sources and turning them into one. But obviously with a big content engine that we have today, as I mentioned, premier content, the opportunity for us to distribute our content both to redistributors in this space, the corporate market, as well as being able to match workflows for our clients and feed their internal needs for data and other forms than spreadsheets are on our inner core product.
Phil Hadley: Yeah, I think we've articulated our wealth strategy pretty clearly. We're looking at ultra high network wealth managers who are interested in the very sophisticated level of data and analysis. They are operating very much like our traditional institutional asset managers and I have had an opportunity to look at that product and there are not the same universe at the moment. That's the varied entries at the institutional level in part is substantial investment and content. It's across 10 years and we had a regular scale to be able to build out the content that we have on our system, and you start with company fundamentals, move to estimates, transcripts and institutional limits and you work your way down the list and just this year cost of goods to produce that level of content to be an institutional player in the space, really precludes or would make it very difficult for a small player to find their way through the institutional scale in any short period of time.
Phil Hadley: My memory is not that good to be able to give you every quarter for any period of time. I can tell you that the sell-side for us has always been more cyclical in the stronger markets back pre financial crisis it has definitely been a driver in the organic growth rates. And then in the financial crisis it was definitely been dilutive to our growth rate. So it definitely if you looked at it over time, the buy-side has always been more stable and it would clock back and forth as to which one was the driver for organic growth in our business.
Phil Hadley: Okay. I can tell you it has only trended down in my career starting at 100% in 1985 and down to something that we don’t track regularly at this point.
Mike Frankenfield: Hey Joe, it's Mike Frankenfield. Overall we see solid fundamentals on the sell side of our business. If you break that into two pieces through the research side and the corporate finance M&A side things are relatively stable on the research side. From what we saw this year on the corporate and M&A side was much higher employment levels. In other words, the normal fall up that happens at the end of the year where analyst fleet was not as significant. And as a result we retained more users, the class hiring in those firms has been very robust. As you would imagine, most of the change in that is driven by really 10 firms and we’re seeing solid hiring levels, solid deployment levels amongst our largest clients.
Mike Frankenfield: Pricing remains very consistent. Our challenge in the business is to ultimately add value to our product to continue to justify the prices that we charge and I think we’re doing a great job with that. The product development pipeline that we have is very strong. Our product continues to improve at a very, very rapid pace relative to the value that we feel we’re delivering and certainly relative to the competition.
Mike Frankenfield: Yes. Our summer class traditionally, we’re hiring engineers and consultants. Both of those would go into cost of sales.
Mike Frankenfield: Our macro, country by country, buy-side, sell-side, you got to dissect to really get granular. And I think we feel certainly on the sell-side, as you could tell we had a strong quarter relative to prior year. Your prior year was certainly an easy comp for us on the sell-side. And then on the buy-side, I think we’re close both on the portfolio side as well as the core product are doing quite well.
Mike Frankenfield: This is Mike Frankenfield. Our pricing has changed as we've over time as you recall, two years ago with the last that we really did the big formal price increase to all of our clients in Q2 and what we've done now is to make majority of our price be with the contract renewal dates of our clients. So really price comes over the course of the entire year.
Mike Frankenfield: I think overall price is probably in the, yeah, very low single digit. There are certainly price opportunities that we take on individual products that we perceive are a point extremely well and there are cases where there are products that we don’t feel like we have any pricing power is we need to continue to invest in them. But that would probably be a good ballpark range if you want to…
Mike Frankenfield: We're still very competitive in the PA space. We just continue to add more and more functionality to that application and again the addition of fixed income really rounds out the offering and allows people to look at either equity fixed or balance funds and with the risk on top of it. So analytics is doing well and that's being driven by every asset class.
