Phil Snow: Hey, Manav, it’s Phil. Thanks for the question. So, yes, it is difficult for us typically to look one year ahead, we – I think have stated multiple times, it’s a little bit easier for us to see kind of three to six months out. So based on what we saw in terms of the market and what we thought each of our businesses could do over the year, that was our guidance at the beginning of the year.  I would say, to summarize, research, CTS, and wealth are all pretty much coming in as or above expected from the beginning of the year. But the biggest area where we are seeing kind of a difference is our analytics business. So, analytics business as you know grew at 10% at the end of last year and I would say that’s the one where we are seeing the biggest difference versus our original projection.  Now it still is a growth driver. It’s going to add, we believe the most absolute ASV out of any of the different business lines this year. But it’s just not growing as quickly as we anticipated it would. 
Phil Snow: Yes, so there are few things that when we look into it. One is, the fixed income piece of that business is not growing as quickly as it did last year. Part of that we believe has to do with some of the specialist organization that I spoke about. So, our specialists were in the sales organization for a few years for analytics and we gotten away from having a completely specialized fixed income team.  And it was more of a multi-asset class team. But I think what we’ve learned over the last few years is, it’s good to have additional specialization within the group. So, we’ve shifted about a third of the client facing sales force back into our business lines so that the leaders of those businesses now can work more closely with the sales specialists who are still going to work very closely with the general sales population, but we do think that that was a piece of it. It’s certainly wasn’t all of it. Another one is I think we overestimated a little bit how much revenue or ASV we would get from some of the newer products. So, part of that was our APIs that we opened up. It was hard to predict.  We now have four or five APIs out in the market for analytics. We are selling them, which is not getting as much as we thought we would at the beginning. But we are very confident in that strategy and we believe over time we will get material ASV and growth from opening up the analytics suite outside of the core workstations. So, if I was to highlight two things, those would be the two. 
Phil Snow: So, just to clarify, I mean, we have our own sort of private cloud. The web product that we deployed to the large wealth, we did in others that’s still in our private cloud. What we have up in the public cloud now is more of the open FactSet architecture which is part of what CTS is doing. And we do use the public cloud for a few other things, particularly on the analytics side when we need additional capacity for some very heavy duty calculation.  So, I think we are still on a migration to the public cloud. We can’t give you an exact timeframe we’re considering all that as part of our multi-year strategy, but I think what we have learned is that’s the direction we need to go. It’s the direction the world is going and it’s going to allow us to develop products a whole lot faster and it’s also going to remove a lot of friction from the sales process.  So we saw that with? CTS having the CTS offering up in the public cloud and having the data discovery module has lowered the amount of time it takes to begin trialing our products by orders of magnitude. It takes sort of a day now to go up and begin looking at all of the content we have and to make a decision versus what it might have taken previously which was weeks for both us and the clients to begin setting up the trial and getting it all set up.  So, that’s a great business model. We think we can leverage it for lots of pieces of our business. The analytics APIs that I mentioned on the previous question, lot of those were available now. If you go into our developer portal, so that’s another example of where we are removing friction and exposing our products in new and interesting ways to the clients. 
Phil Snow: So, what I’ll do is I’ll describe the one-time deal or transaction that I mentioned for Q3 and then how I am going to follow-up I think a little bit on your question as well. So, I think I mentioned in my script we did have a one-time pretty large cancellation in Q3. It was about $4.5 million in ASV to a corporate client.  So, this has been a ten year – over a ten year contract where FactSet was distributing one of our core content sets that we collected and the client decided to go in another direction. And I would say that’s very comparable to FactSet over time, we’ve taken all of the third-party contents internally, but you’ve seen us turn into a content company and sort of going in other direction for some content.  So, there always a buy build common decision when it comes to content. So, that obviously negatively impacted our ASV for this quarter. I may have misspoke a little bit in my script. I think what I meant to say was, in the absence of that $4.5 million transaction, our growth rate would have been pretty consistent with the last quarter and on an absolute ASV basis, pretty consistent with Q3 of last year.  We did get a one-time payment of $5 million at the end of this contract which Helen mentioned that was booked as revenue, but I’ll let Helen explain that in a little bit more detail. 
Phil Snow: Yes. So, I think we showed that we would net around 50 positive clients for the quarter. I would say, most of the positive additions that were on the wealth and corporate side which is pretty consistent. We are adding a lot of new names in wealth and in corporations. I think what we saw was a bit of a tick down in the institutional asset management space and a little bit of a tick down in terms of hedge funds.  Hedge funds though were a positive, what this Q3 last year. So, I think we continue to do very well in existing hedge funds with our CTS fees in particular. But I think we are seeing, I think it’s not unexpected, right. The both challenged part of the market is the institutional asset management space.  So, we are seeing very good growth in the asset owner space which is smaller for us, but they are relatively newer compared to the industry. But if I was to summarize it, I think it’s the institutional asset managers or the traditional asset managers that are seeing the pressure. But we are seeing the cancellations. 
Phil Snow: Sure. So, I think really what we are doing there, Alex, is continuing to elevate the level of conversation we have, particularly with our larger clients. So, given the breadth of our offerings now, and the challenges our clients face, there is a very good opportunity to sit down with them, educate them about everything we can do from a content and technology and workflow standpoint and look to get into multi-year agreements where we can grow and succeed together.  So I think that’s a little bit more of what we are referring to. Of course, in a competitive environment price does come into it. But I think we are looking to have conversations with clients before their contracts come to an end to talk about lengthening the contracts and restructuring things in a way which is a win-win. 
Phil Snow: That’s a good question. It’s the second. It’s the business as usual. So I took a very close look at the pipeline. Q4 is a massive quarter for us. But in there is a very strong diverse portfolio of opportunities both by geography and by business lines. So, there are no massive deals either on the positive or negative side.  And I believe will impact the quarter in a binary fashion. I think it’s really just a question of the sales team executing at a very high level which they will do to close a large number of deals in a relatively short period of time. But that’s what we do every Q4. 
Phil Snow: Yes, so, obviously we had that fantastic deal that we signed last year and executed on this year and we captured the majority of the revenue in the first half. What we’ve been doing for the rest of the fiscal year really is just building the pipeline.  So, we got a lot of interest from a lot of clients given the visibility of that deal. We’ve had some very successful trials that we’ve been running and I would expect the majority of the impact to start hitting next fiscal year not in Q4 of this year. 
Phil Snow: Yes. So, the Americas team is performing very well. In a lot of ways, it’s our most mature business just in terms of the profits that we have for this market and the size of the sales team. I think Americas is really going to benefit highly from some of the new products that we’ve been releasing. A great example is our portfolio management platform.  So, we’ve been hard at work the last two or three years integrating the acquisitions we did for what we been calling the portfolio lifecycle. And this quarter is the quarter that we released our portfolio management last one, which we believe will have good impacts for us in the front office of the buy side and the Americas sales team now I think is really getting geared up as to go out there and begin to educate clients about this offering. 
Phil Snow: I've got a lot of confidence in our sales force and we have a great products and clients like working with us. They trust FactSet. So I think we are very well positioned to execute on Q4. There is nothing as I look out over the next few months that makes me feel any different than I felt at this time last year. 
Phil Snow: Yes, so, the sell side is pretty lumpy. We’ve had a very good run in terms of increasing our footprint on the sell side. Q4 was a little hard for us to gauge. That’s when a lot of the banks do their hirings and that’s actually one of the hardest things to predict in terms of the Q4 pipeline sometimes as how many new hires the banks will hire and that can be a lot of people multiplied by the price of the FactSet workstation.  So, we typically get more visibility on this as the quarter comes to a close. But we are very pleased with the work we’ve done on the sell side and we are doing a lot within our products particularly on the content side that I think is going to be exciting for our sell side clients as we move into the next fiscal year. 
Phil Snow: No, Peter. I mean, we’ve actually not seen much of a change in behavior. So, there are – we do compete with Refinitiv. I would say that's primarily going to be on the wealth side, I would say moving forward. But beyond that, we have not seen much of a change at all. 
Phil Snow: Yes, so that’s it’s difficult to put yourselves in the mind of the other client. But I think, as I mentioned earlier, if you are thinking about having contents within your organization or on your platform, you’ve got a buy build or a partner decision. It’s something that FactSet faces every day and I think in that case, they’ve probably decided either building it or partnering with someone else who was the best solution for that and that can be complicated in terms of the decision-making process.  When we are talking about cancellations of this size, on FactSet, this was a little bit of an outlier for us on the place that we do have a very good business with corporate. But this was probably the largest one that we had. So, I would not expect more of this size or frequency like I said this was a ten year contract.  It was a very long contract. So there was nothing about our products which we’ve continued to improve and is massively successful on our platform and that was the reason for the cancellation.
Phil Snow: It’s a great question. A lot goes into I think the business plan. When you are releasing these products there is a lot of factors. So I think, one of the things I am excited about is the increased discipline that we have here internally in terms of what we are spending our money on our projections, I think we can get better and better over the time.  I am very confident in the direction. Like I said, we’ve already begun to monetize analytics APIs. But we just learned a few things in the market in terms of the functionality of the clients would want, how we want to price this and so on. So, that’s really all the color I can give you Tong.
Phil Snow: So, I think the themes very consistent Mario globally. Clients are looking to drive efficiencies within their organizations so that they can free up their resources to work on higher value activities and really look for more offer and so on. So, a lot of our conversation is really around how we can help them with those efficiencies. Part of that is just them consolidating their services onto FactSet.  Lots of clients are trying to make sense of the all the data they have within their organizations as the pace of data explodes and people need to look and see-through more of it. So we have lots of conversations with clients around how to help them organize their data. How to outsource stuff. Things they want to do in the public cloud that we can help them with.  It really is not that complicated. I think clients just want to do some of the things more efficiently with firms like FactSet so they can really focus on where they add value.
Phil Snow: So, it’s - pricing is something we are looking at. FactSet is very modular in terms of our pricing and we may have overcomplicated things as we’ve evolved as an organization. So, we are in the middle now of evaluating our business model. And as we open up our platform, we are considering new ways that we can get into enterprise agreements with our clients.  So, that’s a piece of work that’s ongoing. And I would expect that you might hear more from us on that. But it wouldn’t be for probably at least a couple of quarters. 
Phil Snow: So, I think, sales was executed exceptionally well over the last two years. I think the biggest change is moving the sales specialists into the business lines that we created. I think the biggest impact we will see there is within analytics and CGS. So, about a third of our client facing sales force or sales specialists that know these products in very high detail, they are very good at pre-sales and they also do the implementation.  So, we think we will get great efficiency by moving the specialists into these groups. That’s one change I think we’re also going to be looking at the FactSet consultants and how they are coupled up with the sales force to make all of our client facing staff a little bit more commercially focused, not just the general sales people and continuing to push out the regional model that we’ve begun over the last two years as well as expanding our focus on the C-suite.  So, we had the strategic client group which is, our top thirty or so clients. But that’s been very successful in elevating conversations and we are looking at ways to expand that within the different regions. So, that’s the summary.  I think some of you will have an opportunity to meet Franck pretty soon as we meet with you between quarters. And I think he’d be very excited to talk to you about some of the changes he is planning to bring to the organization. 
Phil Snow: So we have partnered with Symphony over time. We do see within our clients good, I think adoption within the clients. But we’ve not yet seen a lot of cross - cross phone communication. So, I think it’s there. But we don’t see a lot of communication directly between the buy side and the sell side on Symphony. But I am not – I don’t want to position myself as an expert in that area by any mean, so. 
Phil Snow: Well, thanks everyone for joining us on the call today and we are encouraged by the growth we achieved this year amid challenging headwinds and see this as a proof point that our long-term strategy is working.  We expect to finish the year with strong revenue, margin and EPS and to continue to capture wallet share and deliver value to shareholders. If you have additional questions, please call Rima Hyder and we look forward to speaking with you all next quarter. Operator, that ends today’s call. 
Helen Shan: Sure, thanks for that question. When we think about what we accomplished in Q3, it’s really a continuation of execution on our operational plans. So, for the quarter, I would say, about 220 basis points were from operational efficiencies and I would classify that really into little less than half with - what is from expense management of discretionary items, T&E, as well as marketing.  And the balance is driven by productivity improvements and that continues to reflect the mix change between high and low cost countries in terms of the percentage of employees. So let me give you a little bit additional color on that.  If you look at the number of employees in Q3 this year versus last year, we saw a reduction in our – in the number of employees in our high cost countries by 4% and an increase in our low cost countries by 6%. And so that really accounts for that mix change. And I’ll address this - the long term view on that. And then in the rest [build] [ph] was on FX. So where the favorable FX provides about 80 basis points for us. So that is around the quarter of the beat that we had in terms of the improvement in the margins. And that’s – it aligns how we did it last quarter, except the last quarter was over 50%. So more of the improvement this quarter came from operational efficiencies.  As it relates to the sustainability, another good question, let me try to address that, if you think about the drivers of where we are getting the benefit, it really is starting with the way that we operate. We established business units, lines of business a couple of years ago and this year we now have cost centers and we have budgets and we have now put the accountability broader and deeper into the organization.  So we have folks in our leadership team who have the accountability, have the discretion to be able to manage their headcount and expenses and they are doing that. They are managing their spend and they are now making more informed decisions. The other again is the mix between high and low cost countries. The percentage mix has changed.  So if I look at this year to last year, we now have 2% higher end of our employees in low cost countries and so, if I think about those two things plus some of the integrations that we were – the expense reductions that were expected, which quite frankly, it’s now integrated with the rest of our businesses.  But we do know of certain contracts, whether it’s in technology or in content and we’ve been able to rationalize and those have come through in 2019 as well. So, while we continue to look for ways to vest back in for long-term growth, we do believe that a lot of what we have accomplished, we should be able to sustain. 
Helen Shan: Sure. So, I think the number that you are looking at there for revenue, that’s a GAAP number of over 7%. And so that includes this $5 million one-time benefit from the sale. So, if you strip that out, we are more at a 5.7% increase and that is more aligned, I think to that what you are trying to get at in terms of the – a lot between ASV and revenue. 
Helen Shan: Sure. Thanks for your question. Listen, we are pleased about how we’ve been executing our operational plan and our ability to meet and actually see our commitment for FY 2019. As we stated on the last call, we are not looking to manage to a margin but really grow revenues and earnings.  We are going through our strategic plans of this right now and so we are planning to determine how do we best invest to sustain for long-term growth and this is going to include spending in areas such as in content and in our infrastructure including technology, technology stack and our people. We are not necessarily – we did get a benefit from FX for this year and – but we are not necessarily assuming that going forward.  But we will come back to you when we got new information as it relates to our margins going forward.
Helen Shan: Because I think you are talking about revenues because the numbers are so large, 1.42 to 1.44. You are trying back into – I wouldn’t necessarily look at trying to look at that miss. It was much wider before if you look at our original guidance that was widest, because the numbers. I think it’s the lot of number here that might be a little bit confusing. I don’t see that we – you should necessarily look to a difference in our – we are not trying to convey a material difference in our growth rate. 
Helen Shan: Yes, sure. Happy to do that. So, yes, these were related to a number of things including adjustment to our provision from last year. R&D tax credit, some impact from U.S. Tax Reform, the toll charge true up. So it’s really a number of things, again out of this period and in some cases from last year.  So that helps drive that delta, but also as we mentioned overall, the higher exercise of options by employees where we get the tax benefit of that, it was higher than we would have expected and that’s a material reason as well. 
Helen Shan: Yes. So, you are correct on that. So, that’s why you are seeing that difference between GAAP to more significant difference between GAAP and adjusted this quarter. So you are right, that just flowed straight through. 
Helen Shan: Okay. So, that’s all your question, do you want to follow-up with Rima. But there is nothing material change that we would see happening. So that might be something which needs to clarify with you.
Helen Shan: Sure. Thanks for that. I’ll take that one. Year-to-date, we’ve bought back stock around 150 million. But we are opportunistic is how we enter into the market, like you, we watch the share price every day. So, we are pretty happy with the trajectory of how the stock performed over the quarter. But from our perspective we weren’t necessarily in the market though to chase that.  We’ve continued to be very good about returning cash to shareholders. We increased our dividend this past quarter and we just increased the share repurchase program. So right now, we are looking for – how to continue to target around 200 million for this fiscal year. But, again, we are opportunistic. So, we’ll see how things go. 
Helen Shan: So, I guess, one thing you might consider obviously the way to continue to capture prices is putting more value for the client, as Phil was saying. That’s what we are focused on. Clients want to pay for what they don’t continue to have pricing pressures, but the way to get to the ability for equilibrium to use the word, is that we will continue to add value and clients will want to pay for that.
Helen Shan: Sure. Let me try to talk that through and then any follow-ups you have, you can definitely have with Rima. But the way that we take a look at professional fees is that we look at that over the last twelve months and add that in. We don’t try to project out for say, from – and you’ll think about ASV as an annual subscription value, professional fees are quarter-by-quarter.  So, from that perspective, it's really looking backwards on what we have already captured. In terms of how that comes through from a revenue perspective, it goes through in the quarter then it gets realized. 
Helen Shan: Well, it’s more of a people-intensive business. But honestly it gets added on to some of our – it’s a mix. So, some of it gets added on to our other existing business. So we don’t really necessarily look at its own standalone business.
Helen Shan: Right. So, I wouldn’t necessarily, at this point change the view on that. That is such a – I’ll use the word unpredictable. Given the trajectory of our share price, if it continues we would expect this to be a continued positive for us. So, I would probably just say within our range for now. 
