Shlomo Rosenbaum: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. If you can just comment a little bit on what the ASV and revenue growth be if you excluded any incremental growth in the quarter from Portware, so we can get an idea if the business within Portware is accelerating/decelerating or staying the same? I think that would be helpful.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Okay. And what impact - can you repeat again the FX impact on ASV in the quarter? I just missed that.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Hi, thank you for squeezing me back in. I just want to ask a little bit in terms of the competitive environment and specifically Thomson Reuters. It looks at least data from some of the data that I have that they might have actually increased workstations for the time sequentially since 2008, and I just want to know if there is a change that - you’re noticing a change on their side in terms of even more aggressive pricing or anything like that? And then I have one other follow-up question after that.
Maurizio Nicolelli: Sure, John. Well, it’s Maurizio. As you’ve seen in our historical organic revenue or organic ASV calculation, we include the incremental changes after an acquisition but we do pullout from our calculation any of - the amount that we have that we acquired in ASV. Now we have not changed that calculation, so we have included the changes in Portware in the organic number. Keep in mind, they are not material at the end of the day. They are - Portware is less than 5% of overall ASV, but we don't break that out in our organic calculation. I will ask Phil to give us a little bit of color on how Portware is doing.
Maurizio Nicolelli: More than 95% of our ASV is billed in U.S. dollars. There is an FX piece to it. There is a small portion of our ASV that's built in pounds and also small portion of it built in yen, but it was immaterial to the overall number. We do exclude that small piece from our organic growth rate calculation.
Maurizio Nicolelli: We don’t break out the number explicitly in terms of client sides, Alex. But I will say that we saw some really good activity in the hedge fund space in the quarter. Yes, there is pressure on that market. There often is when there is volatility, but we saw some great new business wins in that space.
Maurizio Nicolelli: The 160 net new employees that we had during the period really focused around our consulting and engineering classes in the second quarter, which is what we do every year, and also a piece of that hiring was also our content collection classes in Manila and Hyderabad. So it's really part of our second quarter employee headcount growth.
Maurizio Nicolelli: Hi Tim, it's Maurizio. We actually did have a significant portion of our ASV recorded towards the January-February period during the quarter, so it lowered our - slightly lowered our revenue for the quarter, and we also have about $0.5 million deferred revenue adjustment from purchase accounting that still come into our revenue line from the Portware acquisition that lowers overall revenue. So when you take those two items, we are slightly lower than that where the consensus estimate was.
Maurizio Nicolelli: 29% is right around steady-state. Our range is between 28.5% and 29.5% and 29% is really right in the middle of that range.
Maurizio Nicolelli: FX did benefit us slightly during the quarter, but it was immaterial to our results at the end of the day. We did get a benefit from our pound and euro exposure, but just from the overall results, it was immaterial.
Maurizio Nicolelli: Sure, it’s Maurizio. So we went through and reviewed our large employee groups to realize some productivity gains in order to make us more efficient into the future. And so the $2.4 million charge really relates to just our overall restructuring process that we completed in Q2 and it's something that we go through every year to - every 12 to 24 months.
Phil Snow: Yes, sure. Thanks Maurizio. Thanks for the question, Shlomo. Yes, so Portware is executing very well on its business plan. Just to remind everyone, when we made the acquisition, they had a very strong pipeline of large investment managers. So these are big sales. We continue to make big - good progress on the pipeline. And from the profitability standpoint, they are doing better than expected. So if you look at adjusted EPS over $0.02 accretive to our results, whereas if you look at on a GAAP basis, we'd be $0.02 dilutive, and that's a little bit of ahead of where we thought we'd be at this point.
Phil Snow: Performing well. As we said on the call, we are executing well, as you could see in the results that the number of workstations was down compared to the second quarter of last year, but we are doing exceptionally well with the broad range of products that we sell to our clients, so the analytics suite, CTS, RMS, Portware. They are all contributing to our growth.
Phil Snow: I'll add to that as well, like we look through volatility in the markets at FactSet, and whenever we have a tightening, it really gives our sales team, with the relationship that we have with our clients, an opportunity to sit down, discuss their total cost of ownership and really review what they are spending. So we have that great relationship with our clients and our sales people can really sometimes benefit from these types of market conditions.
Phil Snow: Alex, it's Phil Snow. So there are pieces of our business that are tied more to cyclicality than others, and the sell-side business is definitely more heavily levered to headcount versus our buy-side business. As we made in our comments at the beginning, our buy-side business is becoming less levered to headcount and we have products that are very sticky at the enterprise level that if you went back five or 10 years ago, wasn’t necessarily the case.
Phil Snow: It is noise. It’s a very hard one to dig into, but I think if you just go back to the comments I made on the previous question, it could be very much related to that.
Phil Snow: Yes, I think that’s - I mean, a good example is our CTS business. So with CTS, we can offer feeds of content or analytics or APIs where clients can get FactSet value outside of the workstation, and those types of solutions tend to be extremely sticky once they are in the clients.
Phil Snow: That’s not - we don't include Portware users in our user count. It’s really kind of what you think of as the core FactSet workstation. And we also don't include users of our RMS suite, so we have three product lines in there. Two of them are locally deployed. One is code red. That traditionally is we sold more to the buy-side, hedge funds, big plan sponsors, and our partner solutions which is on the sell-side. We also have web solutions that we sell our clients and we typically have not broken those at either. So there are lots of other people using FactSet other than the number that we report in our press release.
Phil Snow: So typically the way we think about growth is just - we just want to do very well relative to our competitors in the marketplace. I think that's the way we typically think of it. We don't view our market share is necessarily expanding. We are really - it’s about taking market share and we are just going to continue to execute as well as we can against our competitors. But we are not going to put out any numbers there in terms of what we think we are going to do in terms of sales growth beyond the revenue guidance that Maurizio gave for Q3.
Phil Snow: Keith, it's Phil Snow. I agree with that. And the ETF effort that we have really is a function of the Revere acquisition that we made couple of years back. So Revere has an incredibly deep taxonomy to classify companies at a much deeper level than other products that are out there in the marketplace, and a lot of ETF providers have come to us to build universes of companies for them for a particular types of ETFs that they are creating and that's what you saw with State Street in the Innovative Technology ETF.
Phil Snow: So on the M&A front, Manav, not much has changed for us there. We continue to focus on strategic acquisitions around unique content and adjacent workflows. But we’re - and we continue to see quite a few opportunities that we are interested in. But there is nothing transformative that we are looking at, at this time.
Phil Snow: We continue to invest heavily in content and that's where I think you saw some of the headcount growth coming from, and we just continue to pull more and more value into the workstation from a content standpoint. So having unique content and best of breed content is a big piece of FactSet’s value proposition and we know that just standing still for that is really not an option for us.
Phil Snow: Hi Patrick, it's Phil Snow. I would say generally when we are out there talking with the C-level executives at the bigger banks, there is definitely a focus on total cost of ownership and that could come from any type of vendor. So whenever somebody is paying a lot of money and they feel that they are not getting the most value out of that, they are going to look for alternatives, and that's - I think if you go back to one of the comments earlier on the call, in an environment like this it really gives us great opportunity to sit down with clients and look at their overall spend.
Phil Snow: We got a good relationship with all the major banks and we've got some great conversations going on with all of them.
Scott Miller: Hey Shlomo, it's Scott speaking. Clearly market volatility was a theme for us. There is both, a good and a bad to that. The challenge with market volatility is that we do see typically a slight slowdown in the sales cycle in the close cycle, so we did see some pipeline pushed into the second half. In general, we saw a lot more opportunity than we saw challenges because the volatility opened up lots of conversations around our analytical suite of problem - solutions, data, a lots of conversations around our CTS product. So in general, we kept focus on the sales cycle like we had been going through the previous quarters, but we faced some of the challenges head-on. I was very happy with the way that we executed through the quarter.
Scott Miller: Hi David, it's Scott. It was a mix. We did see a little bit on the buy-side as well. It tended to be with our same-store sales, our current client base where we were upselling. What we did see was a nice uptick in new business conversations and new businesses closes. So there was a mix going on. Yes, there was some push but we saw an uptick in some of the closes as well.
Scott Miller: Not dramatically different than we had seen in the previous quarters. We are - clearly as we’ve said over the last couple of questions, market volatility gets people thinking and pausing a little bit but we haven't seen a dramatic shift in the spending. When you do see markets go the way they did, in many cases, there is a requirement for more analytics and more data. So we are approaching it from a proactive standpoint and we haven't really seen a dramatic shift in spending.
Scott Miller: Hey Alex, it’s Scott. Sell-side was mixed. There was a lot of M&A activity going on obviously in the last couple of quarters, and so we saw some really great conversations going on in that space. There was clearly pressure on areas like the trading floor which is lesser than exposure to us. In the research area, we've got some good stuff going on there as well. So it was mixed. Buy-side, yet there was a slowdown in some conversations but that was a push in pipeline into the second half, so we feel - we still feel really good about the second half.
Scott Miller: I mean we view the numbers as extremely big and I think in a lot of markets, we don't feel that we have more than 5% or 10% of the addressable market share. So we tend to think of the overall market as being around $25 billion, which gives us sort of less than 5% market share. Not all of that is really addressable, but if you add up the market share of our major competitors, that's really what the industry is spending.
Scott Miller: Tim, it’s Scott. On the sales side, the opportunities that we’ve seen for a while now are still very much all there. We’ve got some great stuff going on from new business and from upselling in current client base and none of that has moved. The market volatility because it's paused in some cases, yes, it has some impact on the direct workstation but the overall opportunities out there have not changed for us in many cases, they’ve actually increased because of the market volatility. So we are still very confident with the business growth.
Scott Miller: Hi Keith, it’s Scott. So we are spending some great effort in the ETF space both from say thought leadership and a data and analytics perspective. One of the outcomes from that is for us to be looking at the index base as well. It's not core to our strategy going forward right now but it's something we find really interesting. We've had a number of our clients ask us about it and some partners who want to do some things with us in that space. So it's something that we are looking at. I put more emphasis on what we're doing in the ETF space as opposed to index.
Scott Miller: Yes, Greg, I think your comments were right. We did see a slight slowdown across the EMEA. It was really in pockets. It was pretty broad-based, nothing that I would draw particular attention to. And Asia-Pac continues to be a great growth market for us. We saw some really good stuff going on in sort of our non-core markets in China and Korea and in areas like that we saw some good stuff going on. So we like what we see out of Asia-Pac.
Scott Miller: It's a mix, Andre, of those two. So we are picking up market share in that space and we are also diversifying a little bit the user types and some of the different solutions, things like our RMS and our partner solutions are getting traction in that space and we are expanding beyond just the analyst user type in there as well. So it's mix to both of what you talked about.
Scott Miller: And Andre, it’s Scott. I would add to that. We are getting - we’re doing more packaging of the content as well from a data feed perspective, specifically for the regulatory space and we saw some great traction on the back of that over the last couple of quarters.
Scott Miller: It’s Scott, Mike. Not a dramatic shift. We did see some good wins in the wealth space, and particularly some good wins in the insurance space which was off the back of our multi-asset class and fixed income risk solutions. Those are probably the two that I would highlight. Other than that, it was fairly broad-based. We’ve had a number of initiatives in terms of new business pipeline generation over the last couple of quarters and we are starting to see that come through quite well now.
Scott Miller: It's Scott again, Mike. I don't see it as a particular factor for us. The M&A activities has been decent. I don’t see it as a particular factor now.
Scott Miller: Hi, it’s Scott. I don't see it as a result of competitive at all. If anything, it was somewhat market-driven with the volatility in the market. Again we're not seeing it as a concern. The great thing about our business is that we’ve got incredibly diversified portfolio of solutions out there that can offset any market condition downturns in workstation growth. We've also got some good plans in place to build up that workstation growth in the coming quarters as well, so not major concern.
Scott Miller: Thanks for the question. So traditionally we’ve just not broken out that growth rate, but one good byproduct that collecting a lot of content for our terminal product is that we can then turn around in a lot of cases and monetize that with feeds. So I would say, yes, that is - there is some good profitability associated with our CTS business.
Scott Miller: Shlomo, it's Scott. We haven't - in the last quarter I haven't seen a dramatic change. There is lots going on in the competitive environment. I haven't seen any dramatic change in pricing strategy. No is the short answer.
Scott Miller: It’s our - it is not terribly different to our typical investment management say more emphasis is clearly on the fixed income space because of the assets that they typically have under managements. So it's the portfolio analytics, portfolio risk, sale our core product along with portfolio services, but a big focus on multi-asset class and fixed income.
