Phil Snow: Manav, it's Phil. Thanks for the question. So I'd say it's a combination of things. We're really excited about the movement in our top-line. And I attribute that really to the investments that we've made over the last year or 2 in both content and technology. So we're seeing a lot of good uptick in the research part of our business. And the digital transformation in terms of opening the platform is allowing our clients to consume value from FactSet in new and interesting ways. So the APIs are really driving some of the momentum we're seeing in both CTS and showing some strength now in the analytics business. And I do believe we're taking market share on the wealth side. I think it's pretty well understood who we're competing with there. And for the desktop business, that's a combination of firms. And analytics, again, it's a combination of firms. But overall, I feel really good about the top-line and how we're stacking up versus the competitors in the marketplace. And overall, yes, I think we're seeing that clients are -- we can all see a return to some sort of normalcy in terms of how we're working, and the underlying trends in the market are definitely positive.
Phil Snow: Sure. So yes, we've got confidence in Q4. We've booked more ASV at this time than we had last year. And we have a stronger weighted pipeline. So there's a higher confidence in the pipeline and a lot more bigger deals. And it's well distributed amongst all the different business lines.
Phil Snow: Yes. Owen, yes. So absolutely, we'll continue to sell the data feeds and APIs that Truvalue Labs had developed before the acquisition. And we've been doing hard work to get all of that integrated into the broader FactSet suite, so that the Truvalue Labs data and analytics can be available throughout FactSet. So that's a big piece of the strategy.
Phil Snow: Sure. So yes, it is broad-based, Toni. And I think we've seen the benefits of hiring this far into our fiscal year. And a lot of that is really driven by the investment that we've made in content and the core platform to support the extra workstations. And there are still quite a few large banks that we don't have perfect visibility yet on their hiring classes, and those are going to come in, in the next month or 2, but we feel optimistic about that, just given the trends that we see in the market. So a couple of other things I'd point out for the sell-side. One is we're beginning to monetize feeds and analytics in the sell-side which previously we've not done much of. So that is supporting some of the growth. And then in terms of new logos, we're positive this quarter for the sell-side firms, whereas Q3 of last year, we were negative. So we've seen a good relative -- even though we've closed more corporate and wealth clients, we're seeing good relative performance in terms of new logos for the sell-side.
Phil Snow: We're -- I think, as we said last quarter or maybe a couple of quarters in a row, we're not going to revisit those right now. But when we get to Q4, we'll be able to give you some guidance like we do every year for fiscal year '22.
Phil Snow: I would definitely attribute some of it to that. We had one significant win that was related to deep sector. And we're on track with that program. So the team did a tremendous job of laying out over a 3- year period a number of sectors that we would be developing. And we're on track with that program. So 7 quarters into it, we feel really good about the momentum there. We've done a lot of hard work to partner with a lot of firms to bring their data and integrate it into FactSet, which is something we always do really well. And then for other data sets, we're going out and collecting it ourselves. So overall, we're really thrilled with that program. The team has done an amazing job, and it's beginning to have a real impact for us on the sell side, but it's not just the sell side. We will be able to monetize this data within the corporate space, within the buy side as well.
Phil Snow: We're beginning to see some real positive signs there for analytics. So I think if you look at that space for our competitors as well, I think it was an area that slowed down for many firms. But we've had a good quarter for analytics, and the pipeline looks really strong. So they've got a really good suite there of things we've been working on. So the core PA product is actually doing well. We're adding new logos and seats for that. I mentioned APIs already. We have a new quant research environment that we are releasing, which has gotten tremendous feedback from the market. And our front office solutions are beginning to show some green shoots as well. So analytics is definitely stabilizing. And clients are willing to now revisit a lot of these decisions for some of these longer sales cycle deals. So -- and obviously, clients are beginning to open up, we are as well as a firm. I think the sales team is itching to get back out there.
Phil Snow: Yes. I mean, I think the -- I mean, we're playing a big market today, right? So I think it's at least a $30 billion market that FactSet participates in. And the trends definitely are moving to clients, putting together, I think, more customized workflows for themselves using open technology stack. So I think it's really just an evolution, honestly, of how clients consume content and analytics today. And our strategy we believe strongly is the right one in terms of creating these Lego blocks that clients can then use to stitch together to differentiate themselves from their competitors. So those are the conversations we're having with our clients. The workstation is not going away. I think there's always going to be a place for that in the market. But the firms that are going to win are the ones that are being able to plug-in as needed for the clients across their entire workflows, whether it's buy side, sell side, wealth, you name it.
Phil Snow: I just think it speaks to the strength of our product, the investment we've made and how well the sales team has been executing. We're interacting more and more with our clients, the virtual environment in some way has upped the amount of interactions we have with them. So I think it just really speaks to the product and the fact that clients like working with us.
Phil Snow: Yes, we don't -- I don't think we typically do the segments by quarter. But we are -- we've seen very good momentum within the research business this year. So I think I would expect research to have a very strong quarter. The CTS business, the feed business is doing really well, particularly as we go to digital, there's just more ways to monetize the data. I spoke about analytics, showing some stabilization there. And then on the wealth side, we see a pretty strong pipeline there in terms of some exciting deals. So I would just say it's pretty broad-based.
Phil Snow: Thank you all for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. In the meantime, please call Rima Hyder with additional questions. Operator, that ends today's call.
Helen Shan: Yes. Sure. Happy to talk about that. And thanks for your question. When we think about the higher cost and technology, I would say, in part, it's really driven also by higher cloud-related costs. And the drivers of the cloud costs include the migration of our existing data and applications, which is always planned; client-related activities, such as hosting and trials; and then new product development as we're doing new products, which is going directly to the cloud. And we monitor these pretty closely, but we're learning along the way. And the cloud allows us monitor our usage better. I would say most of the higher costs are really related to client activity and new product development. And I think that reflects the faster adoption, probably a bit faster than we had planned. So it's in line with clients who also need to make their own digital transformation. And so we would expect all of this to give us an indication really linked to future ASV growth as opposed to this year specifically. But I would say, if we think about the higher cost on the cloud side, a portion of it is just related to future top-line growth.
Helen Shan: Sure. Ryan, I'll take that question. This is Helen. So I think we have a pretty good mix. We do both, in some cases, seat-based; in other cases, usage-based. On our larger deals, larger clients where you would see more perhaps an enterprise pricing model, we do that, but we do that via bands. So therefore, if the users go up or down within the band, the pricing is the same; then if they go to the next tier, it goes up. So I would say for our largest clients, that's where many -- that’s how many of them are set up. Again, it's a blend of, in some cases, usage; but in other cases, users. And we've seen good growth. We can tell from the pricing increases that we've had, our annual price increase, again, for international is up. So we've been able to capture more of that value that the clients have put into our product. So we would continue to see our mix there be sustainable.
Helen Shan: Sure. I'll take that one. As it relates to larger deals, and we don't comment on that, as you know, as we've talked about, our focus has been on content and technology. We look to where we think we've got the best use of perhaps gaps that we can help fill in. So we always look at buy versus build versus partner. In terms of acquisitions, we've just completed a small one, that's called [Cabot Investment Technologies], which provides a platform for more behavior-based analysis and targeting asset managers and asset owners. So while it's small, it really fits into our strategy as it relates to the front office, and as it relates to helping, as Phil talked about in his opening remarks and making that next best decision. So we're going to be very disciplined in how we're approaching the potential acquisitions are out there, even though we are looking at all of them as they come through.
Helen Shan: Right. So the way I think about it is really 60 to 75 for the year. So in this particular quarter, because once we had greater visibility, Alex, into where we would see -- where we anticipate for the year, then we had to both true-up the first half as well as increase for Q3. But what I wanted to give was, what is that impact for the entire year, we would say it's somewhere between, we think, 60 basis points to 75 basis points depending on where we end up. And that is based not only on top-line but also on margins.
Helen Shan: Yes, sure. Happy to answer that. So our cost as it relates to the cloud, I would say a portion of it is part of our investment plan. And you're absolutely right, it is the duplication that's happening because we are not able to get out of our on-premise data center costs at this point. Now the way that we've looked at it is that it's meant to drop off as we complete our total migration. So that will drop off, we think, towards the end of FY '22 or the end of our third year. That's where it was meant to happen. And at that point, we'll make the decision around, as those drop off, whether or not any portion of that gets reinvested, but that is part of the savings that we would have expected going forward as well. We're not -- we've not really talked about the dollar for dollar, but most of this is -- as I said, the increase in the spend on the cloud is really, to your point, client-related.
Helen Shan: Sure. Happy to do that. So I would think the majority of that is more along the technology cost. One of the nice things around the trials and the data exploration, in an odd way, it shortens the sales cycle. So what used to take much more time and involvement with our sales and implementation folks now can be done in a matter of hours versus weeks or months. And so I would say, in some ways, there's people who help on that front. But the cost driver to your direct question is much more on the technology side.
Helen Shan: Yes. I think that, that is -- I mean the higher activity, the more they're trucking out the different various feeds. We're seeing that lead to more even if they're looking at alternative data feeds on our Open:FactSet they often end up buying our own data feed. So I would say that is a feeder into that.
Helen Shan: Sure. No. Thanks for that question. Yes, there are some things that were reclassed in part due to where the clients are based. Rima can give you much more detail on that, but that is a reclassification.
Helen Shan: I'm going to say, yes, because of the way that the movement of -- these are existing clients that move. But again, if you spend a little time with Rima, she can talk you through it.
Helen Shan: Sure. Thanks for your question. So yes, the impact for the year is higher. So the 60 to 75 would have been beyond what we would have provided in terms of our original plan. There are offsets as we manage both from a people perspective, some of the productivity, lower professional services fees that we think. And we'll see how Q4 ends up, but we had expected a certain level of G&A for Q4, and we'll see where that goes. We do think from a margin perspective, though, overall, we'll be on the lower end of our range. So I think that, that is a fair way of thinking about it. I would also add what we're seeing come through that likely on the tax rate side will be on the lower end as well. So we should take both of those into a bit of consideration.
Helen Shan: Yes. So we'll -- as Phil had alluded to earlier, we'll give greater guidance on this later on after Q4. Our focus right now is obviously trying to execute and convert everything in -- for this fiscal year. I will say the way to think about it, our investment plan is in terms of what we gave in the beginning 2 years ago, we're on target, both milestones as well as in general spend. That being said, the cadence, the mix, made the hiring, which was slower in the first year, caught up mainly in the second year, but that -- some of that might bleed into the third year. But we'll give more guidance on that when we complete the year and have our call next time.
Helen Shan: Thanks for your question. I mean I do -- we do think, in general, that we'll see more of the benefit in the third year as things are built, as Phil talked about, a lot of underpinning some of the acceleration is on the technology and cloud-based side. So it's a little hard to point to any particular dollar or deal. I think we're still in that general range as I've given before, that most of it's coming in the third year. But yes, we're really pleased of where we are at this point, given the higher ASV growth thus far.
Helen Shan: Yes. I think -- I mean, we've continued to do a lot of hiring for the investments and this churn that's happening as well. So I think that's a fairly -- I mean we have a general cadence that you'll see by quarter. So I wouldn't necessarily apply -- I would say it's on par from the previous year for this quarter. So I would expect to see that continue.
Helen Shan: Right. Thank you for the question. Yes. It's one of those where -- when we first set our guidance, we were thinking around the fact that the back half of this year, we would be much more, I'll call it, back to whatever that new normal is. So we did expect an uptick. We didn't see that come in Q3, but we're also lapping. So I think on a go-forward basis, when we think about the amount of savings on a run rate, will be somewhere in that, call it, 25 basis points to 50 basis points based off of our FY '19 run rate. We can't look at last year in particular. So that's how I would think about that. The hybrid model allows us to manage our facilities footprint and expenses much better. And honestly, the learnings from operating virtually in terms of client interaction, implementation, which we can do remotely now, as we've shown in several of our larger wealth implementations and internal meetings are just going to allow us to have that much more productivity.
Helen Shan: Yes. No, thanks for that. I'm really pleased and honored to be able to take on this role. The nice part is we've got a really talented sales organization and a solid leadership team. And so I think our FY '21 results to date reflect the focused execution in what still remains to be a challenging, albeit somewhat improving environment. And so from my perspective, the areas that we'll look to accelerate our efforts will be on the solutions that we bring to market from our investment plan. So ESG, wealth analytics, private markets. And to increase the wallet share in our targeted clients, I think we talked a little bit about retention earlier, but expansion that's been a big driver for us this year, and we're just selling more things to our existing clients. And then lastly, the focus will be more also on the enterprise discussion with senior executives. Our aim is to really provide our platform for their own digital transformation. So I don't look at major changes as much as to really enhance what we've got going on thus far.
Helen Shan: The largest piece of that -- so thanks for your question. The largest piece of that really is compensation. So the compensation, meaning the bonus accrual. So we had to do a catch-up from the first half of the year. But now that we have greater visibility to where we'll end, I mean we are a pay-for-performance culture. So we -- if we expect higher performance, then we will increase our bonus accrual as a result. So that's what you're really seeing in Q3, and that again reflects both the catch-up as well as the higher accrual for the quarter.
Helen Shan: I think as we have said for the year, it's around 60 basis points to 75 basis points for the year. If we had not had the improvement and if we did not add in the bonus accrual, the increase, that would have been 150 basis points for the quarter.
