Phil Snow: That’s a great question Bill, thank you. So it is an ongoing trend, I would say that what we are observing is that trend is more pronounced in the Americas than we are seeing in the EMEA and Asia-Pac region and you see that reflected in our growth rates. So we anticipate that it will continue to had in this directions for little while, what I would say is that we have a broader suite of solutions that we had historically to help mitigates some of that. First of all, we have a multi-asset class system now, so we have lot of client using us for fixed income capabilities, and a lot of our products we've throughout analytics and research and our mass [ph] is very well stood it to passive investors as well as active investors. So it's a trend that we're aware of. It's definitely putting cost pressure particularly on the Americas investment management inside of the business. But it's one that with our recent acquisition and innovation we feel like we are in a good position to address.
Phil Snow: Yes, so actually it doesn’t really compete with them. BISAM is really a performance system, so it gives a client lock down returns for the official performance that they're reporting to their clients and the market. BISAM did a very small acquisition of a firm called Cognity. So it does have some risk capabilities in it, but it's primarily a performance system. It's something that FactSet has looked to build for a long time. We were making some progress but when the opportunity to go out and get the market leader -- to add it to the power of our portfolio analysis product, we were very excited by that and I can tell you that the reaction from our clients has been exceptionally positive. I'm out here in San Francisco this week with the team and a lot of the sales people out here have been telling me that their clients have actually been sending them congratulations emails and can't wait to have a meeting.
Phil Snow: I'll go over a few things here, so on a regional basis we've reported, we did very well in Asia-Pac, that continues to be a strong region for us, we're very focused on it. EMEA came in strong and we were little bit weaker in the Americas. In terms of client types, we did exceptionally well again this quarter with well end-client sponsors [ph]. From our product suite standpoint the analytics suite had a very good quarter, and what I do want to highlight, I mentioned it in my earlier comments is we actually sold more products this Q2 then we did last Q2. The pressure that we saw was in the existing clients, the cost pressures that they're facing. So we're seeing consolidation of funds and on the desktop, it's becoming sort of a market share gain where somebody that had a couple of services historically is now being forced to choose between one or the other and we did see more users leaving the firm. So we have a strong pipeline, our sales team that's out there executing very well, but we are facing this headwind of cancellations within clients. I would say and I've said this before that, part of our largest opportunity really is in our blue chip client base. So when you look at FactSet's Top 100 clients, that's a large percentage of our ASV. These are long standing clients, they're not going anywhere and with the recent acquisitions that we have, we have a real opportunity to cross-sell what we bought and as we integrate it, unlock even more opportunity for those clients moving forward. So that's one of the things that we're very focused on and we don't necessarily need to see the markets turned around for us to grow faster. We're -- our thesis is that we can do that by executing well on the strategy that we've laid out to the firm.
Phil Snow: So yes, the main difference with the performance system is that the returns are locked down historically and then you get a degree of accuracy out of multiple basis points for official client reporting. PA does that in some cases but the real power of PA for our clients really with the flexibility in the system, the ability to do Ad Hoc analysis within the middle office. And some client reporting, this really does takes it to another level. So BISAM is a firm that we would run into all the time within our largest clients, in fact most of the BISAM clients are already FactSet clients, and connecting the two systems together and adding the risk capabilities that we have and the publishing solutions that really just creates a powerhouse suite for us, for our clients in the performance area. And it was a missing piece, it's one that we've know about four or five years and just not had the ability internally to build to the quality of something that BISAM has been doing from much longer.
Phil Snow: Great question. No, it's not importance of the growth story, we have been very intentional about going out and finding some pieces for the investment management workflow that we decided it would be easiest to acquire and integrate than build ourselves. So [indiscernible], CYMBA, Vermilion and BISAM them all represents what we considered to be good workflows for us to integrate with the already fantastic FactSet products. So we are not out in the market looking for tons of acquisitions to grow, that’s not it, and with its latest acquisition of BISAM now we feel very well positions so that investment lifecycle, what we talked about on the call earlier. So that’s -- our focus now is going to be shifting to the integration and cross-selling of these acquisitions, we are not going -- if the right asset comes up and it is something we are interested in, we'll be opportunistic, but we are not going to go out and continue at this pace.
Phil Snow: I would just say overall, we view the addressable market for us with the products we have today at 10 times the revenues of FactSet. And as we continue to integrate and build out more capabilities that potential market share could or potential market could increase. So we view, there is tons of stuff in front of us that we can go out and exceed on, not just in terms of suites in the industry, but in terms of off platform solutions and enterprise solutions.
Phil Snow: Yes, that's a great question Greg, it's something we're looking very closely at and you bring up the good point. I think the way that we want to and in some ways have been charging our clients is really the value that they're receiving from our service. So if that's an enterprise solution, whether it's a suite, that's the way we're beginning to think about it. And as we broadened our suite our products not just with CPS and analytics, but with these acquisitions we're beginning to take a much closer look at that and we're becoming less levered to the workstation number that you've been used to seeing from us.
Phil Snow: It's early days, we're hearing positive things, the new technology that we have really provides a more intuitive user experience on the web product. We're still converting some of our more advanced applications, we expect our flagship screening product to be in there very shortly with some really nice default reports for clients that we didn't have in the older version. We'll be moving PA into the web version soon. So all the work we've done for PA3, and there is a lot of investor mangers they're getting to use will be over there. So I think once we get the bulk of acquisition in there, we'll begin to see a broader uptake for the web product.
Phil Snow: So, I think we do see more upside in those regions just based on some of the trends I already mentioned, as well as they are less mature markets for us. Majority of the acquisitions that we've done recently also have a good footprint in Europe that allows us to cross-sell these existing FactSet suites, and many of the acquisitions don’t have any presence in Asia, they did not have the scale essentially to go out there. So we got offices all over the Asia-Pac region, and that's going to provide us a great opportunity to cross-sell those products with the existing FactSet footprint. On the regulatory side that is definitely an opportunity for us, that we're already capitalizing on that in some ways in Europe. We have a lot of solutions outside of the workstation where we package our content and analytics in a way that solves various regulatory requirements like Solvency II. We're getting a lot of interest around method and what we're doing there. We have solutions within the Portware [ph] application and does allow clients to solve product methods. So we look at regulatory as a growing opportunity for us and we will look facing more focus on.
Phil Snow: I think those are very good questions. I think the way I would like to answer that is one of the themes that we are really hearing from our clients is that they want to see more consistent data across their enterprise. So the data that they are using in the middle office in the portfolio managers and traders will be using in the front office really the great thirst within our userbase to see consistent data. So that’s really what's been driving a lot of our activity here and as we integrate the data and get the content flowing between the systems we are going to be able to satisfy that need for our clients.
Phil Snow: It’s a great question. So we are still looking at that, we can solve different pieces of it. It is a large opportunity and knowing that’s where a level the cost pressure is coming from and the client base it’s that they are -- it's not just a shift from active to passive, but it's the need to spend more on regulatory solutions. So it's really the opportunity is packaging a lot of the content we have in small ways for the clients creating analytics. We have got a lot of building blocks but we are still in the process of putting all that together. So it's too early for me to really give you a sense of what the true opportunity is there.
Phil Snow: Yes, we can't provide you that level of detail, but I would say this comps pressure is ongoing. I wouldn’t say that its necessarily accelerating. I mean it's just a combination of point merging, layoffs, uses no longer with firms and some of the areas that FactSet serves, and a certain amount of cost pressure as clients consolidate sometimes what we'll do is we'll have long term contracts with the clients, but you know its cost pressure on the existing business essentially as we move forward.
Phil Snow: Yes, so I would say net new business, just in terms of the smaller points that we added a lot and the price increase was consistently last year. The difference that you saw was in the existing client base. One thing I will point out is that traditionally, we included our SP&A or Strategic Partnerships and Alliances revenue with our investment management revenue. And that’s a very lumpy business, very often seven figure deals, and there are a couple of things that happened in this quarter that were part of that. So that’s some of the drag that you are seeing on the IM business.
Phil Snow: It did really well. So in the uptick that you saw in receipts for us this quarter, there were a couple of really exciting wealth wins and a very large win on the sell side of the global banking and research group.
Phil Snow: I think what you have -- great question Joe. This is really just a continuation of really partnering this firms out there to help them with -- build indices and BCFs with our reviewer [ph] contents. So we have got fantastically detailed taxonomy, industry classification and a lot of firms and leveraging that in that way. So we partner, I think with a firm over in Asia for this one.
Phil Snow: So you mentioned a lot of different dimensions there, there is geography, there is client side, there is workflow. I mean we see great opportunities throughout the whole portfolio. It's a little bit different each quarter, but we are still growing. We are doing well in investment management, we're just not growing as fast as we did the last three quarters. But we see a way for us to kind of reaccelerate that with all of the great product that we have in the integration that we going to do.
Phil Snow: Alex it's Phil, thanks for the question. So I would say if you aggregated our -- the acquisitions that we've done, as well as our CCS and our analytics business, that certainly is growing faster than the desktop business and its pressure on kind of the users of that fund and we're going to -- I think that's where the industry is heading, we're going to see more clients try to do more with enterprise solutions and less people.
Phil Snow: Yes, it has been a while since we refreshed the brand. Every company goes through these cycles. We hired a fantastic, head of marketing just over a year ago. And she went and did a bunch of research for us in the market place and what we really discovered is there was a bigger awareness gap in the market in terms of FactSet's capability. Even some of our bigger clients were really not fully informed about what we've done from the multi-asset class or feed standpoint. So we are at the beginning of this. I wouldn’t expect it to affect our margins in any way, but we got a really great response just in terms of media impressions from the kick off that we had a couple of weeks ago.
Phil Snow: I think there is an opportunity in either directions. So if clients are forced to do more regulatory solutions we feel like we have great products to help them there and if there is less of a burden regulatory that means that there will be more money for our clients to spend on things like FactSet.
Phil Snow: Well I can give you one, so if the fiduciary rule goes through, which is I think one we got last quarter. We've got fantastic tools to people to evaluate ETFs versus mutual funds. And for the compliance and documentation part of that we have fantastic research management solutions, our code red solutions and our internal research nodes are very well suited for any regulatory solution that requires a good auditorium.
Phil Snow: Sure, so I would say geographically, it's a pretty evenly split. When you look at some of our largest competitive which I am sure you are aware of you just have to look through really the research workflow, who the competitors all there, portfolio management and trading those are analytics space investment banking. So it's a well-known set of competitors and we think about the solutions that we have today, how much market share they have. That’s one way that we think about it. And the other thing that we are doing, you've heard me talk about the CTS business before I content and technology solutions, that’s a rapidly evolving suite of products which allows our clients to do very interesting things outside of the workstation and within their enterprise. So with some of the technology advances that we have had with our NextGen project, we are now actually able to unbundle if we wanted to certain pieces of the products and allow clients to use that within specific workflows with that building. So we are very bullish on that, there is a lot of other offerings within that suite, but that is an area of our business which will actually open up even more market share as we move forward.
Phil Snow: So we are seeing -- that’s a relatively newer market for us, we are seeing less cost pressure there from an existing point. So I think it's more of a Greenfield opportunity. And we -- it has been a lower price solution than our institutional asset management solution which has allowed us to get market share and we are beginning now to do much larger deals with the technology advances that we have made and I think you'll see with IDMS, it opens up even more opportunity for us across the entire wealth spectrum. So what we'll have now are solutions that we can provide the wealth market all the way from the top end down to clients that need thousands of users, we are very excited about that, I think that’s going to be good opportunity for the company.
Maurizio Nicolelli: So, when we look at the margins of FactSet, pre the most recent acquisitions, it is very comparable to our margins historically. And so what we need to see is, we need to continue to grow these ASV from these acquisitions and embed these into our product suite so that we can push up the margin overall from the cost that -- or from the base that we acquired from each one of these acquisitions. We have done that with [indiscernible] and quarter-by-quarter the margin of that business has gotten more and more towards the FactSet overall margin. But we need to continue doing that as we purchased a number of companies over the last six months. And so in doing that that gets our margin back to historical levels and then as we grow ASV in the coming years that’s when we will see more leverage in our margin.
Maurizio Nicolelli: So the growth rate BISAM is higher than the rest of FactSet, it's in double digit growth rates historically and that’s the trend going forward for BISAM.
Maurizio Nicolelli: No, that’s essentially the range is right at between 5% and 7%. And that’s why I gave the middle of that range of 6%. That’s right in the middle of that range.
Maurizio Nicolelli: So what I was alluding to was, our margin has been affected by these acquisitions and it has been -- it's trended slightly lower from each of the acquisitions. The goal is to get that margin of these acquisitions back to the historical FactSet margin, and then over the coming years as we continue to grow the business, we would expect some greater leverage within our margin going forward as we scale the business.
Maurizio Nicolelli: Peter, it's Maurizio. Unfortunately, we can't give that information just yet because it's not closed. As soon as it closes, when we send out the press release on the closing of the acquisition, we will include our guidance updates and include the information that you are looking for.
Maurizio Nicolelli: Yes, so the metrics on the old methodology on their users and clients are very similar to the increases historically in both of those categories. There is not a significant change in the quarter under the old methodology and again we made this change so that externally -- we're portraying the business very closely to how we're measuring the business internally.
Maurizio Nicolelli: So we were down about 121 employees in our headcount, just quarter-to-quarter and that was over 90% driven by attrition in [indiscernible]. If you look at our headcount here between the U.S. and Europe it was very stable. So, we had attrition in these locations, but we also had some new employee class as that started. So we were stable in headcount when you look at the U.S. and Europe.
Maurizio Nicolelli: Yes, FactSet wins for a lot of different reasons, it's technology, content, analytics and service. Overall clients really do want to partner with us, they really trust FactSet. We've built very good relationships with our clients, the quality of our content is exceptionally high, the flexibility of our workstation is good, so clients can really customize their workflow to the way they want to do it and our consultants and our client facing staff are really the best in the market essentially, it's out there helping the client. So the long run we know we have the best people and we have a great product and we're very bullish about the future. In some cases we may not have all the pieces today that a client needs when they're consolidating and either for contractual reasons or other reasons we won't win this time, but we're really bullish that we'll win in the long run.
Maurizio Nicolelli: The level of debt that we have on our books is less than 1.5 times our EBITDA and so there's significant amount of capacity if the right asset comes along that we need to go purchase. So, we've added -- we have 575 million of debt on our balance sheet, right around the cost of capital of 200 basis points. So it's very economical for us to have that debt on our books and to continue our buyback program going forward. But it just highlights that we have the capacity going forward if the right acquisition comes along.
Maurizio Nicolelli: We are comfortable right now maintaining the credit facility going forward given where the cost of capital is today.
Maurizio Nicolelli: Sure, this is Maurizio. So the calculation in our retention rate is really based on the last 12 months of clients that have cancelled and that ASV that is cancelled. Keep in mind when clients cancel, there are at the lower end of FactSet, all of our Top 100 clients don’t cancelled FactSet altogether. So with the ASV from cancelled clients in that calculation is from client that cancel FactSet a 100%, so that number is small compared to the overall total. It doesn’t capture existing client cancelation, and so that’s where you see the different between the two.
