Phil Snow: Thanks for the question. It's Phil. So I'll kick off here, and I'm sure Linda will have a few additional comments. So yes, in terms of the fourth quarter pipeline, we're definitely confident in the range that we guided to in the last quarter and the high end of that range. So it's a very high-quality pipeline. I would say in terms of what's in there. We're seeing very good strength on the buy side, and analytics has had a very good few quarters in a row here. So we're seeing good strength and visibility on the buy side. With banking, obviously, there was a very good uplift last year from sell-side hiring. We're anticipating good sell-side hiring, maybe not as high as last year, but it's certainly, I think, more positive versus previous years. So in terms of the top line, that's what we see going out at least today. And I'll allow Linda here to kind of get into a little bit more of the other pieces of guidance
Phil Snow: Sure. Yes, happy to do that. And Yes. I mean, we've lived through these and many of our sales leaders and specialty sales leaders have been through these types of cycles. So we're very experienced here. And the really good news is we have more product and ways to help clients than ever before. So it's a very good story to go into a client and really talk to them about what it is they're facing and what problems we can solve for them. And sometimes it's to our benefit because it really brings people to the table sometimes a little bit sooner than they might have traditionally done that. So I would probably put this into 3 camps or 3 categories, Manav. The first is the portfolio life cycle for the buy side is really getting some good traction here. The analytics team has had significant acceleration over the last year, and we're seeing strength come through in risk our quant products. So we now have programmatic access to the platform, and that's been very well received. And our trading products have done very well as well. And when there's increased volatility in the markets, that's certainly helpful. And that's just bolstered by like the excellent performance of the performance and the reporting parts of that business. So analytics is firing on all cylinders. And because we're a more open platform now when we plug it in more places, it really just puts us in a great position on the buy side. And I think that open theme is important as well. So not just for the buy side, but for all kinds of clients. We're finding ways that we can integrate with CRMs, for example, and other pieces of our clients' workflows. So I recently had a bunch of visits with clients, and it feels a little different, frankly, than 2 years ago. They're really understanding our story now and seeing the differentiators that we bring to the table. And it's very exciting to be in those conversations with CTOs and CIOs at some of our largest clients. And then just the workstation. I think we've got a kind of a renaissance in the work station, that's how I like to think about it. We really have good momentum here, and we're growing our business across a lot of different firm types. So it's very broad-based. And lastly, the investments that we've made in content are really paying off. Deep sector has already paid off but we're beginning to see private markets and ESG come through, and we're also investing in real time. So there's so many weapons that we have now for our salespeople to go out there and help our clients. And what I'm encouraged by is across every business line we have, and it's across every region and it's across every firm type. So we're very well distributed here in terms of our opportunity. I think better prepared than ever for any sort of downturn in the market.
Phil Snow: Sure, Toni. Yes, so it's a small piece of FactSet, and most of the professional services that we offer are really to implement our analytics suite, which, as I just mentioned, is having very good momentum here. So we didn't really have a big professional services team during the last downturn, which was, I think, a little over 10 years ago. But I anticipate that we'll have the people we need to implement these products, and I wouldn't imagine that that's a headwind for us at all. Linda, I don't know if you've got any additional.
Phil Snow: Absolutely, Ashish. Yes, we have a very strong partnerships business. And as our platform has become more open, and we have more to offer from our content refinery, it gives us a good opportunity to distribute what we have on the shelves through different ways. So we did have a very nice deal in Europe that was driven by a lot of our core content. So that was a big contributor to Europe's growth and CTS' growth this quarter. And on the wealth side, it's very well distributed. So I think quarter after quarter, you see the new logos and the increase in our workstations wealth is usually on the leaderboard there, if not at the top of it. And there's just a steady pipeline of larger deals that we're just systematically knocking our way through. So it's hard to sort of scrape a ton of these over in any given year, just how long those contracts are and how big a decision it is for some of those firms. But I have every confidence in the world in our wealth team. They're doing exceptionally well. We're really killing it within the space that we're focused on, and we do think there's a greater opportunity in wealth to capture more of the wealth advisers workflow as we look forward.
Phil Snow: Thank, Alex. Yes. So I think there is something to the second part of your question there. So I did -- I've had conversations with Helen. I think Helen and Linda have really teamed up to make sure that we have incentives there for the salespeople earlier in the year. And obviously, if we can get the ASV in early, it means good things, right, for all the other financial metrics. So we're certainly trying to do that and not have a lot of chips on the river basically on the last quarter of the of the year. And this is going to be a strong fourth quarter for us, particularly, I think, if you compare it to years prior to last year, we did get a very strong uplift in Q4 towards -- within the last month of last year. And it's a little hard to predict whether or not that's going to happen again. And a lot of that did come from banking. So we see strength in banking, but it's hard to say that we're going to get the same effect that we had last year. So that's how I would characterize both parts of your question.
Phil Snow: Well, we always want to be helpful for our clients is certainly the case. So I wouldn't expect any, I think, big tailwind from that this quarter. But obviously, we're focused on the competitive environment and sometimes it's hand-to-hand combat sort of 1 desk at a time, but we do feel that all the investments we're making, particularly in our workstation now for front office professionals, is becoming differentiating. So I'm very optimistic about our long-term prospects there, Alex.
Phil Snow: Yes. Thanks, Hamzah, a couple of things. So yes, we did set out to capture an additional 100 basis points of pricing this year, and I think we were very successful at that. In addition, all the work that Helen has done with the product teams to simplify our packages is resulting in us capturing a lot more value through that effort. So both of those things have been very positive this year. And clearly, we're in an inflationary environment. So we're thinking carefully about the right balance for our clients next year, but we do believe FactSet is a sticky tool, and we've invested a ton in the product where there's a lot more value in there than there was even 2 years ago. So we do feel like we've got good pricing power going into this environment.
Phil Snow: Sure. Well, I will say the pipeline is very high quality, and we have more and more discipline, I think, in terms of how we do that consistently globally. So -- but I'm not sure that we can ever at least for now, look out more than six months, right? -- with any huge degree of confidence. So that's sort of been consistent in terms of my messaging is usually a couple of quarters out we can predict with a high degree of certainty. We do have a large percentage of our clients, though, under multi- or ASV under multiyear contracts. So that does provide us obviously some visibility there for those clients that are not in the last year of that contract.
Phil Snow: Well, I'm not too surprised. I think we've got a very good team here. We've had a consistent strategy over the last three years. It's just really nice to see it all come through and come through in so many different places. And I'm very encouraged by our workstation growth. I think that -- I think there were a lot of questions probably within the analyst community about whether or not we could continue to capture more desks and overcome the trend from active to passive. So it's just very encouraging and rewarding for the whole team to see the results. So I think that's how I would answer that. We're confident. We've got an engine now that's firing on all cylinders. There's a lot more coming through. So I think we're going into this environment with a lot of confidence and our ability to execute.
Phil Snow: Yes. So I saw it on the buy side. So if their assets are down and their revenues are down, of course, they're going to be looking closely at their budgets. But again, it's a good opportunity to proactively talk to them, reeducate them about everything we have, bring them to the table. And there is this ongoing trend, which has been going on now for a while where the larger buy-side firms, in particular, are really looking to consolidate and cut in half the number of content and technology providers they work with. And there's really a very limited number of firms like FactSet. They can go in and offer so much across their workflow. So for us, we welcome this. I think it's a great opportunity for us, and we have a long history of working with clients that really trust us and want to partner with us. So -- we'll go through these cycles. We've been through them before. And I anticipate we'll do very well on a relative basis like we have historically.
Phil Snow: Sure, Craig. Yes, we don't break it out, but it is 1 of our fastest-growing client types. And like wealth, it's typically on the leaderboard in terms of new logos. So we have a very, very strong product for Investor Relations. We also do very well with the M&A or business development groups at our clients. And all of the new investments we're making in content around deep sector private markets. All of this opens up new clients to us and more workflows as well. I already mentioned that we're beginning to very effectively get into the CRM workflows of different types of clients. So this isn't an area that traditionally FactSet is focused on a lot because they typically weren't big wins. But with our investments and all of the efficiency now that we have in terms of our sales for us. It really allows us to do volume, I think, in a way that makes sense for the company. So I have a lot of I feel very optimistic about what we can do in the corporate space and continue that to continue to be the growth driver and a more meaningful part of our business over time.
Phil Snow: It's hard to predict, but we've seen very, very good trends in client retention, and I give a lot of credit to Helen and the sales team in terms of how they've organized and how they've really focused on client success and placed a very heavy emphasis on making sure that our clients are well served. And it's -- if you can retain clients, it really is a very good foundation. So there's a ton of great work that's gone on. I think I saw in one of the analyst reports a question about how we're doing -- reorganizing by firm type where we've done that primarily in the Americas for now. But that's been a very good program, and we've essentially now segmented the sales force in a way where they really just focus by firm type rather than by geography. And that means we understand our clients even better than we did before. So there's multiple efforts going on that are going to help with retention.
Phil Snow: Sure. It's been about 18 months, and I'm very happy with the progress we've made, Pfizer. So yes, it is integrated into the FactSet workstation. That's one thing. We've also done a good job of integrating the majority of the TBL process into the core content platform, and we're extending the coverage of ESG from public markets into private markets. And that's been but undertaking that's beginning to have some real success. So our methodology is different. We think it's differentiating and good, and it requires some education of the clients. But we do have a very good growth rate for that business within CTS. And it's a big piece of our focus as we go into the next 3 years in terms of where we're going to be investing and how we can really bring, I think, more clarity to this for our clients in the marketplace.
Phil Snow: We haven't seen a lot of change, Shlomo. The one from type where I would say we've seen a little bit more of a slowdown is in the hedge funds, which, as you know, is a smaller piece of our business, maybe around 5%. And that's had a pretty good growth rate over the last year or so, and we expect we'll still be able to grow the hedge funds. But that's really the only part, I think, where we've seen any sort of real sign that the sort of delays in decision-making. We don't want to be naive here. We think, obviously, clients are taking a good look at their budgets going into next year. But for all the reasons we outlined on the call already. I think we're in pole position here to make sure that we're there to help them and continue to invest and grow.
Phil Snow: Well, thank you all for joining us today. In closing, I want to reiterate how pleased I am with our third quarter performance. We accelerated the top line to double-digit growth with strong momentum as we move into the end of the fiscal year, and we remain confident in our ability to drive sustainable growth through focused expense management and continued investments in our people, product and technology. With over 40 years of continuous growth, FactSet has a proven history of navigating volatile markets successfully. We look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. In the meantime, please call Kendra Brown with additional questions. Operator, this ends today's call.
Linda Huber: Manav, we feel really good about where we are. The swing factor here is really the tax rate as we go into the fourth quarter. We've got a couple of discrete items that may swing either way. In fact, we may end up doing better as we get through the end of the fourth quarter. But given the market conditions right now and the way the market is bouncing around, I think it's prudent to be confident, but not cocky. And so we thought that this was the best way to go. But thank you for pointing that out.
Linda Huber: To follow up on your question on CUSIP, Toni, the 15% of revenues that comes from the assignment of new CUSIP numbers for new securities, you're correct about that. That is not recurring revenue. The other 85% of CUSIP revenues are, in fact, recurring. So if we do have a bit of a slowdown in capital markets activity, we may see a slight trending down of that 15% of CUSIPs revenues. But I'm not sure that you're going to notice that overall in the total mix of the company, and we would expect that, that would just be if capital markets do take a downturn. So again, that piece is pretty minor as well.
Linda Huber: Sure. On real estate, you're correct, Toni, we're pretty much through this. We've reduced our real estate footprint overall by something close to 40%, which works really well with our hybrid model. We have said at Investor Day, savings that come off of that are going to take some time to materialize as we have to still consider the leases that we have. So we're looking at $10 million to $14 million of reinvestable funds over 3 years. So perhaps not quite as much as you would think. On the margin front, we're incredibly happy with the margin progress that we've made. 500 basis points is a lot. 2/3 of that comes from CUSIP, the other 1/3 from the base business. So it's important to note the base business is doing well also. On the second bucket of personnel costs, we noticed that we came out about where we had expected this quarter. Salaries are a little bit lighter because it has been challenging to fill all of the open positions that we have, but our bonus accrual is higher because we've done well. So we did $31 million of bonus accrual in the third quarter. In the first and second quarter, we were at about $21 million and $22 million. So we're running $75 million through 3 quarters, and you should expect that the fourth quarter would probably be an average of those 3, so $25 million, $26 million. So we're looking at what we expect to be potentially even $100 million bonus pool this year. So that is heftier than what we've done in previous years. So bonus pool upside kind of offset the salary line running a little bit light. On third-party data costs, this is a tricky one. We are in inflationary times. We've worked quite hard on this, and we will continue with our procurement group to negotiate effectively. I think we would see this line moving up sort of 3-ish percent, maybe a little bit more. This one, we're going to have to watch and we'll have more information for you. But we have looked to beef up the procurement activity to make sure that we've got that right. And technologies come in about where we had expected. We expect technology costs will move up, though, as we said, great success with the cloud with our clients, which has resulted in greater cost for greater utilization. And we're building more of our own software. So amortization continues to move up as a trend. But basically, we've handled the acquisition expenses for CUSIP. Those have come through. And the trends are looking pretty good. You had seen the margin guidance over the longer term, the margin goals of 35% to 36% adjusted and we feel like we're making very good progress on that. So I hope that is a fulsome answer to all your questions, Toni.
Linda Huber: Well, I think it would be fair to say, Ashish, that we are being conservative given the economic environment that is fair. A couple of things to think about if we are able to hire more heavily in the fourth quarter, you may see some increase in the salary line. That would be something to keep an eye on. And again, the accrual will be a bit higher in the fourth quarter for the bonus pool, which is an important thing as well, given that the company is performing really well. The guidance, again, turns on what happens with the tax line. And again, we've got a couple of discrete items that we're keeping an eye on. And it is possible that we may find ourselves with higher EPS, but we're going to have to watch that and we're going to have to see. So I hope that is helpful to you.
Linda Huber: Yes. Hamza, it's Linda. So 4% across the platform, and we've just dealt with our international price increases, as you know, we've kept those consistent internationally and in the U.S. Internationally, we saw $10 million in ASV uplift $3 million of that year-over-year increase or 30%. So price realization has been extremely important for FactSet. As Phil had said, discipline is improving. Our pricing desk has been very helpful to make sure that we don't overly modify various packages that we're showing to clients. And we're really pleased with this effort. We'll have to see what inflation looks like for next year, and we do feel that the value of the products is allowing us to provide that value-based pricing to clients, but pricing discipline has really been very helpful to us and a real tailwind.
Linda Huber: Andrew, I think we would also say the addition of the CUSIP business is very helpful to us. It's come in a bit stronger than we had even expected. You have to keep in mind that this was a little bit of a challenging thing to bring on board. We moved through the acquisition process and looking at CUSIP in sort of an eight-week period, it was a very quick sale process. And the seller did not account for CUSIP as a separate entity. So there are a lot of accounting allocation things and so on that we weren't exactly sure how all of this would lay out. But as we've brought it over, the integration has gone really, really well. and it has performed even a bit better than we had expected as we noted. So very pleased about that. Its margin addition is helpful to us. It allows us to continue a robust investment program and get some other things done. So we're very pleased with that acquisition, which was financed in an attractive way at a great time. So all of that is working together now, and we're just very happy with how we're firing on all cylinders.
Linda Huber: Yes, Andrew, we are very focused on what we're able to do for productivity for our clients. And anecdotally, we've heard some of them say that moving to FactSet has provided 20% greater productivity. We're sharpening up our marketing pitch on that just to make sure that we've got that right and we can bring that to the fore for existing clients and potential clients. But the ease of use our products and the elimination of the need to flip back and forth between screens and so on is really a very big help, and we feel a very up-to-date way to conduct business and to handle the workflows. So productivity is really important, and we think we can really be a big driver of that for our clients.
Linda Huber: Thank you very much, Faiza. We may have, as we said, a bit higher expenditures on hiring and also on bonus. We have guided for the full year. And keep in mind that, that guidance applies to the full year, and we've done quite well in the third quarter. So we do hope that, that continues. And I think it is fair to say that we're trying to be prudent here. We were pleased with what CUSIP provided to us, and we're hopeful that we'll be able to come in ahead of our guidance we're going to have to wait and see. Very much appreciate your appreciation of our having good work done on the margin this quarter. We're keeping a careful eye on our costs. And as long as the ASV continues in the trend that we're seeing, we're quite hopeful. So we will see how the year wraps up.
Linda Huber: Yes. And Faiza, it's Linda. Our data collection efforts have really picked up in pace. And we've been very, very pleased with how that has gone. ESG is one of the heaviest areas of investment. We've just come through our investment decisions. And ESG is where we're directing a good chunk of our investment pool. So lots to do there. Pleased with how it's gone. We've tripled sort of the run rate on ESG coming out of TruValue Labs since we've integrated the acquisition and please watch the space. We're quite excited about it.
Linda Huber: Yes. Shlomo, you get a best student gold star because you have a correct observation. Yes, accounts receivable has popped up by quite a bit. The CUSIP team has done a great job at a lot of things, but we've got to sharpen their pencils there on the accounts receivable collections. So we're well aware of that. And we will make sure that we get to it. But your observation is correct. That's one of the types of things when you acquire a business from another firm, and you're still working with a technical services agreement that we've got to do some work on to get that number down, but very good catch, Schlomo. Thank you.
Linda Huber: We wanted to just do a few housekeeping details here just to make sure that everyone is modeling correctly. And I would like to just note that you should take a look at the fourth quarter bonus accrual, which should be as we had said, sort of on average of the 3 quarters now that we've made a heavier accrual in the third quarter. So $26 million, $25 million, something like that would be helpful. Please also note that we've increased our dividend. Sometimes that's not always picked up. And we are going to do some work on our accounts receivable. And I think with that, we've pretty much taken care of everything on the housekeeping front.
