Helen Shan: Yeah. No, thank you for that. Phil is exactly right. I mean, we do have a pretty healthy pipeline, and it is a mix. We have some very large opportunities with full deployments and then we've got smaller ones, which may be more seat-driven. If you compare it to 2022, where there was a lot more hiring going on, that's a bit of the difference. And as noted, we didn't have a mega deal this year per se, but there's a lot of opportunity in the pipeline that supports that. So, we feel very strongly about wealth. And quite frankly, if you look at where a lot of the clients are focused on, they're all focused on their wealth businesses also.
Helen Shan: Yeah. You made a -- Manav, hi. You had a question around pricing. I mean, we continue to have and been making good progress on capturing the value that our clients are receiving for our solutions. In '23, we actually improved our price realization across our workstation packages by over 100 basis points through the renewals in our new sales. So, we're continuing to resonate well there. And as you know, our annual price increase takes place in January for Americas and April for outside of the Americas, with contractual base of higher CPI of 3%. So, with inflation moderating and a larger book, we would expect some impact from price increases to be less than '23, but still a healthy contributor. So, we'll report more on -- out on that when we get to Q2 and Q3, as we've done in the past.
Helen Shan: Hey, Alex, it's Helen. Yeah, I'm happy to try to answer that question, so thank you. You're right, we're early in the year, and -- but we have greater visibility, of course, in our first half. So, I'll talk to that specifically. We are expecting current market conditions in the first half, but I'm going to go by firm type here. So, when you talk about buy side, we actually finished the year quite strong with both asset owners and hedge funds. So, the three things that we see right now in the pipeline is, one, we're continuing to gain traction in the middle office. So, building off of some of the great wins we had in the asset servicing space, we would expect that to continue. Second, we're seeing strong demand in the data feeds business, so both for company data, as well as our data management solutions, where we're really leveraging the strength of our concordance for content for clients. We had two significant wins, one in real-time, one in tech data, both displacing competitors. And as a result, we're getting inbound discussions around that. So that's also filling up our pipeline. And then, third, as Phil mentioned earlier, the strength in offerings we have in the front office are also gaining traction. Part of our GenAI enhancements will be supporting that. And so, we expect to be able to get greater market share in that space. And we actually think that will help on the retention front as well. On the banking, you're absolutely right. We are seeing -- we're going to have a challenging H1 comparison, Alex, because the banking workforce reductions really didn't impact us until our second half, because they came through more in the early spring timeframe. And we also expect most of the impact potentially from any reductions from Credit Suisse to happen more in the early calendar year as well. So, that's going to impact our H1 results. There have been some positives in the capital markets activity, but we're not building a recovery in the first half. So, to your point, we do think that there will be a potential uplift in the second half, but not in the first half. We actually did fine in banking overall, because we had two huge wins: one in equity research in bulge bracket, and the other in a large investment bank. And then wealth, I already spoke to. We have more activity. Our land and expand strategy is working pretty well. We are finding when we're there, we're building on both feed and our CRM solution. So, we expect to see continued cost rationalization, but the pipeline looks decent as we are starting our new year.
Helen Shan: Hi, George, it's Helen. I'll take that. So, I won't -- I would not necessarily say it gets worse. I think what I mentioned in particular on banking is the comparison, H1 over H1. So last year, a lot of the hiring that was very, very strong, continued on. And so, if you may -- you probably recall how strong we were in our first half of last year. So, in comparison, the impact from the changes in workforce reduction will impact this current fiscal '24 H1. So, when we talk about a stronger H2, we are assuming that there is not an inflection, I will say, necessarily of a pick-up in banking back to '22 levels, but overall hiring and budgets being more open, and that's why we're talking about the fact that we had this fiscal year-end of August, their calendar year clients are generally starting to then make -- open up decisions in what will be our H2, and that's what we were referring to.
Helen Shan: Hi, Ashish, it's Helen. Thank you for that question. I think from our perspective, I don't want to say we've hit a bottom. That's too strong of a word. But when I think about this year and last year, I would expect that two things to happen. One is that the erosion reduction will actually be more leveled off, and I think that's an important thing to sort of keep in mind. Banking is key, but we actually grew the number of seats in banking overall. Please keep in mind that part of that isn't just around the clients that we have, but the new clients that we win, and we have a couple of very good opportunities. So, we look at that as part of our -- when we talk to firm type. The second is pricing, which, in the past, I think we've talked about a third, a third, a third. I think from a pricing perspective, it actually added more this year from a percent basis than in the past. We see it continuing to add in 2024, although closer back down to maybe a quarter or less than a third. And I think that's probably more of the -- a bit of a headwind that I would look to than necessarily just thinking about seats. So, that's how I would take a look at some of what's built into our guidance. We have some large deals in there. We'll see if those come through. They got pushed from '23 to '24. And then, there will be, I'm sure, continued focus on costs by our clients.
Helen Shan: Sure, I'll take that. Thank you for your question. So, as it relates to the buy side, I think it's a similar piece. What -- our more complex deals take longer. And right now, with the offerings that we have, they are more complex. So, when I talk about delayed decisions, that's where you're seeing a fair number of them as it relates to the analytics business for the buy side. I would see -- again, more of the pickup on hiring will help us. We had erosion in both asset management and wealth. So, if we see increased hiring, which we would expect in the second half of the year, that's where -- that's the driver on that front. On wealth, wealth is an interesting one. Wealth, we have -- as I mentioned, some large deals are in the pipe. So, we could see that come through, but a similar situation, if the -- as the markets recover, we would expect to see the hiring to pick up again in the second half of the year.
Helen Shan: Yeah, I'll talk a bit about the green shoots. The areas that we are seeing some pick-up a little bit, which is always a bit of a harbinger for us, is on the new business. So, in Q4, new business started to make a bit of a recovery in terms of number of transactions. So, we see that as a positive. The one positive also, I would say, overall, even for new business, is that if I look at the average size of the transaction throughout the year, the volume was lower, but the average was pretty much the same. And that, I think, is a testament to the value that clients are seeing. So, we take that as a positive. The other area is around managed services, which we have seen an uptick there. I've been mentioning asset servicers as something that's a positive, but we will continue to see that as one. And then also, as I can see in the pipeline, what we call data management solutions has also been a driver -- we expect to be a driver for us, and that's been picking up as well. So, when you look at all those pieces, I think that that's really where the benefits come in. And of course, your second question, it's probably best to have that with Ali and Kendra afterwards.
Helen Shan: Thank you. I'm going to ask our CFO if I can do more hiring. No, I think one of the benefits of what we've done this year, which is really to become closer to the client, is to have ourselves go to market by firm type and also by workflow solutions. And what that gives us is the ability to actually become more productive. So, our ability now is not covering different types of firm types and talking about things from a product perspective, but rather knowing the workflow and being able to leverage that across clients. And we've actually gotten some very good feedback from clients on that piece. And maybe I'll just add back to a point that Phil and Linda made around GenAI and our client discussions with a larger -- the top 25. What comments we got back, which I thought was very encouraging, is, one, which differentiates us from some of our competitors and some of these smaller upstarts, that the way we talk to them about how GenAI can help them was about their workflow, not about a product, not about something that they are yet to build, and then we were able to show them how we're already incorporating it into the products we have today. So, I think both of those resonate well, and that's going to help as we go to market with the current sales force that we have.
Phil Snow: Yeah, absolutely. We feel like we're gaining market share, yeah. Most of the wins are displacements of other competitors, yeah.
Phil Snow: Yeah. Hey, Kelsey, it's Phil Snow. Yes, I'm happy to provide those numbers. So, the CTS -- the Content & Technology Solutions business, which is now part of Data Solutions, that grew at close to 11% on a year-over-year basis, which actually, if you compare it to last year, it was a little bit lower, but almost the same. So, I would characterize this year as being a very good year for CTS and really speaks to the value of our data and the myriad of ways in which we deliver it to the market. The CUSIP Global Services business, or CGS, grew a little -- from an ASV standpoint, grew slightly under the growth rate of the firm. So, I think you'd probably have a pretty good idea of the size of that business based on data we've given in the past. So, I think you should be able to triangulate everything that you just asked me pretty well.
Phil Snow: Great. Yeah, thanks, Faiza. I was hoping someone would ask about this. So, I have a lot to say here. We're all in on GenAI and AI. The thing that I'll probably stress first for everyone is the value of data. We believe strongly that the winners in this environment are going to be the ones that have the broadest suite of data and the most well-connected data, the most trusted data, and the data that can be source-linked back to where the answers came from. And that's what FactSet has always been about and really at the foundation of what we're building here. So, to answer your question a little bit more, we believe it's going to be a combination of things. So, we are working on a lot of pilots, and I would anticipate that some of those will be coming to market this year. I do believe that it's going to radically improve the experience of most FactSet users that are using the workstation and, as you pointed out, really help increase retention and maybe drive new desktops, right, at the clients we serve. But we also think there's going to be an opportunity for new products. One of those really is just off-platform, essentially. So, we're thinking carefully about this. But there are lots of ways for us to take all of the valuable data we have, bundle it up with some GenAI capabilities and deliver it to clients. So, we're going to create a great experience for clients on our platform, where they're able to search, converse with FactSet, go mile deep for their particular workflow. But we also recognize that some of the larger firms out there are going to want to build some of their own environments. So, as we've always been, we plan to be a pretty neutral here in the ecosystem and provide the best of both worlds. But it's still early days. We're still thinking about this very carefully, but we're very excited about the potential opportunity for us.
Phil Snow: Yeah, happy to do that. Thanks for the prompt. And yes, so in using GenAI [columns there] (ph). Yeah. So, we've had 25 to 30 under knees tables -- knees-under-table meetings with our clients. We've seen a lot of enthusiasm from all firm types. And a lot of that has to do with our capabilities, the data, the technology, and our relationships with clients. But there's a desire out there to codevelop some things. So, we're working very closely with some large banks. There's opportunities there for bank automation. I think everyone's always felt that, although the processes that are out there haven't evolved much over the years. But I think this is the time they will. On the buy side, I mentioned in my earlier comments, there's an opportunity to radically improve the life of a portfolio manager or a research analyst that's having to sift through so much information. And on, the wealth management side, we talked earlier about other workflows, right? So, can we get into proposal generation? Can we get into augmented prospecting for our clients? These are all great opportunities. So, we're very encouraged and we're moving very quickly.
Phil Snow: Maybe I'll start and then I'm sure Linda will add some additional comments. So, we've been looking at how we work ourselves and thinking about how can we be more efficient ourselves internally. We have a lot of engineers at FactSet, a lot of people that code that are even client-facing. So, I think it's pretty common knowledge that there should be some efficiency here, right? So, we're piloting a lot of copilot solutions with our technologies to kind of understand what that means at different levels of the organization. We have a large client service and support group here at FactSet. We've released a tool to about 400 people that are the front-line support for our clients that assist them in generating answers for clients. So, that's in the beginning stages there. And then, of course, we collect tons of data. So, about half of FactSet's employees are in the Content or Data Solutions part of our business. So, we see a lot of opportunities there. So, we do see significant opportunity. The question is the timing and how much of that we'd like to reinvest, right, in terms of some of the new products that we're thinking about to drive growth.
Phil Snow: I'm going to pile on just for a second here on the talent front. So, we're finding this a great environment for talent. So, our retention has improved significantly. Our realignment has allowed a lot of FactSeters to take on new additional responsibilities. But we've also found this a great environment to find some exceptional technology and product management talent from the industry, which is going to be accretive, we think, moving forward.
Phil Snow: Thank you. Before we wrap up, I want to announce the return of our flagship user conference, FOCUS '24, in Miami next April. We're looking forward to bringing key clients and stakeholders together to network and share ideas on the theme of innovation. Innovation is our focus for the coming year, and I'm very optimistic about our opportunity. And in closing, I really want to thank all FactSeters and our teams for a job well done in fiscal '23. I'd also like to thank Kendra Brown for her excellent work, leading Investor Relations over the past two years. And going forward, she will be heading our Banking and Sell-Side Research business. And as previously announced, Ali van Nes will take over the Investor Relations role. You can contact Ali with any follow-up questions after today's call. Thank you all for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Operator, that ends today's call.
Linda Huber: Yeah. Hi, Jeff, it's Linda. We have made very good progress and we're quite proud of that. As we move forward, we feel that our workforce -- our people is a big potential contributor to this. So, as we said for FY '24, we think the growth in that bucket will be about 3% to 4%; real estate, probably 3%; and third-party growth -- data growth of about 3% to 4%. So, all of those are pretty modest numbers and we feel like we've made really good progress. On technology, it's a different story. We are a technology company. We're driving harder for AI. And so, we had talked about a 24% increase in the technology budget for FY '24. A lot of that is the increase in amortization for third-party -- for our own software, increased third-party data purchases and, most importantly, increases in cloud expense as we have some facilities now on-prem and we're getting ready for increased usage for GenAI. So, what I think will happen in the future is we'll see the technology line start to flatten out as we get to peak amortization and then things start to move down in that regard. But again, really, really great control over three of the cost items. And then in technology, we just have to continue to invest. So, hope that helps you out.
Linda Huber: It's Linda. We've had an effort to go out to talk to many clients early on in this process, about 25 of them. So, maybe Phil and Helen, you might want to speak a little bit more about the clients.
Linda Huber: Yeah. Andrew, it's Linda. It's a great point and a great question. I think your view on timing is largely correct. So, we're looking for internal efficiencies maybe to start showing up more in FY '25. Our initial focus will be client-facing in keeping with the way we think about everything here at FactSet. So, what we'll do is look to move some of those tools we're building for our clients and look to apply those to ourselves. But we do think that's probably going to show up in a bigger way in FY '25. You've heard the guidance for FY '24. So, hope that helps.
Linda Huber: Craig, I think we'll look to our usual pattern of seasonality. Generally, the spend builds throughout the year. And as Helen said, we're looking for the back half to be stronger than the first half, so we'd like to sort of match that with our expense growth. So, I think what we want to do is be very careful on expense growth in the first half of the year. I think that's really important that we try to match up revenue growth with our expense growth. So, we're going to be very thoughtful in the first half of the year. The second half of the year, I think as we build into our technology budget and some things with GenAI start to catch, I think you should look for our normal trend, that expense growth would be heavier toward the back half of the year and, particularly, in Q4. So, hope that is helpful in terms of your phasing.
