Phil Hadley: Thank you, Rachel and good morning, everyone. I would like to address two recent developments. First, on a somber note, as many of you know, Mike DiChristina, one of FactSet's greatest leaders and member of our Board of Directors passed away in late February after battling a long illness. His contribution over the past 29 years to the character and leadership of FactSet will never be forgotten. After only a few short years at FactSet as an engineer, the bulk of the online system was written by Mike or under his watch. His creation of Universal Screening in 1988 is still to this day the foundation of all of FactSet's quantitative and portfolio analytic products. He left a mark an indelible mark on this company and will always be in our hearts. Second, on a lighter note, effective July 1, I will be stepping down from my role as CEO which I've held since September 2000. I will remain with the company as Chairman of the Board of Directors. Phil Snow, our current President will become CEO on July 1. In addition, Mark Hale was promoted to Chief Operating Officer yesterday, replacing Peter Walsh. Peter is taking an active role in supporting Mark in his transition to his new responsibilities. Both Phil Snow and Mark Hale have at least 19 years of experience at FactSet and have lead many teams that have contributed significantly to the growth of our company. They each have a strong knowledge of our clients, a deep commitment to our employees and a clear vision for growth. We're all excited for FactSet's future as Phil and Mark take on their new roles. Employees, clients and investors should take away several clear points from this change. First, it is a great time to bring change to the most senior leadership positions at FactSet. Topline growth has accelerated 300 basis points over the past year and EPS grew by 14% in the just completed quarter, our 19th consecutive quarter of double digit growth. Second, this was a planned transition and it's been carefully arranged. We're pleased to promote leaders from our deep bench of FactSet veterans along with new talent to FactSet. We're excited by the addition of Scott Miller as head of our global sales team, who brings tremendous industry experiences to learn from the outside of our company. Third, I will remain a FactSet employee and will continue in my role as Chairman of the Board and as a resource to Phil Snow at this exciting period in our company history. Lastly, I would like to personally thank Mike Frankenfield and Peter Walsh for their contributions to FactSet. Mike has been with the company since 1989 while Peter since 1996. As key members of senior management over the years, they each have had a major impact on many initiatives which helped FactSet grow overall market cap fivefold in the last 10 years and reach $1 billion in ASV. All-in-all, I couldn't be more pleased about how this important transition process was executed and I look forward to supporting Phil Snow and our experienced senior management team. Thank you, everyone and I'll turn the call over to Maurizio to review our second quarter results.
Phil Hadley: Yes, I think that's a fairly stable assumption. We're seeing good growth in passwords in both the buy side and the sell side.
Phil Hadley: Peter, we really don't spend any time internally projecting password growth. We have always focused on ASV.
Phil Hadley: That is correct. It's an Executive Chairman role. Phil and I have a list of responsibilities that I'm going to stay focused on for the next year and then we'll see how things go from there.
Phil Hadley: I just said we'll see how it goes. I want to make sure I'm still accretive to the management team and they view me as a positive coming into the office. I'm loyal to FactSet through and through.
Phil Hadley: Phil highlighted M&A as one of my responsibilities, but I still have several others. One is certainly making sure that the transition is smooth in his role, but there are several other smaller projects and products and things that I think we'll find interesting.
Phil Hadley: I would say, if I had to guess, I would probably say half and half. I think half of it is probably pure market health and the other half of it when we look at our win loss, I think it's definitely coming from market share gains from others.
Phil Hadley: I think it's pretty consistent over the last few years. It is something we focus on trying to understand, whether our ASV is coming from what we think of as alpha or beta meaning clients are adding more users and we're not really gaining share. But I think it's been pretty consistent through time as half and half would be the way I think about it.
Phil Hadley: I think going forward our capital allocation will still be very similar to what it has been in past. We look at share repurchase, dividend and M&A and we try to find the best areas to invest our funds to get the highest return on capital at the end of the day.
Phil Hadley: Our policy as Maurizio said, has always been to look at those three categories, dividend, share repurchase and M&A. We've looked at many deals that are much larger than we've actually accomplished, so we've always been open to it. It just has to be strategically the right thing to do. I think the actual $300 million facility was one that Bank of America offered us at no cost, so we took it, but I don't think it's really a change in policy.
Phil Snow: This is Philip Snow. I expect Phil to play an active role in M&A which he's done over his career at FactSet. I think we've averaged about one deal every year for the last 17 years and Phil has been huge in sourcing deals into the M&A pipeline and helping us execute on that.
Phil Snow: Yes, I think we believe there is massive potential for us out there in the marketplace. I wouldn't read too much into the slight slowdown that you saw on the buy side. We think about sales now in terms of halves and we had an exceptionally strong half. The sales team outperformed its first half goal. I think this year what you're seeing is we pulled a little bit more into Q1 than we had in the previous year and that's most of what you're seeing.
Phil Snow: We'll definitely execute on great opportunities when we see them. There are adjacent workflows that we're interested in. We've is shown that through our history, that we've continued to build out our presence within our largest clients and we're just going to look for good opportunities and if we have something that looks attractive, we'll execute on it.
Phil Snow: Yes, Code Reds are a really nice local solution for clients that are interested research management solutions. We also have our own internal research notes product which has done very well over the last few years. So our strategy is to combine those teams and really go out there with a strong hybrid solution that we can sell to any type of client. There are certain types of clients out there that do demand a local solution. We certainly ran into that while we were selling our hosted solution. The team is already integrated. We're very bullish about this area, this area of analytics for our clients. The other thing that we're bullish about is that it really helps build community within the front office of our buy-side clients between the portfolio managers and analysts and that's something that we're focused on.
Phil Snow: Scott's transitioned in exceptionally well over the last two months. His new team is in place. We've made a few changes there and some are having direct ownership of the European and Asian regions under individuals which we didn't have before. And all of Scott's are direct, actually are FactSet employees. So he has a very talented FactSet team reporting to him and we're excited about what he's going to do for FactSet. The combination of the inside and the outside is definitely something that we think is going to be accretive to the business.
Phil Snow: I don't think it did. We've been going through a transition, as Maurizio pointed out, for the last year. So there has been some movement, particularly within the Americas Investment Management team over the last year. We did reorganize that group to more clearly align by the firm types that we're selling to. So it might have had an impact, but it's so minor that I don't know if we can directly attribute it to that and I firmly believe that we're positioned now to accelerate our growth rate based on how we're organized.
Phil Snow: After spending 19 years with Phil Hadley, I think it's going to be pretty consistent. We've proven that it's a great business model that reinvesting in our business is the way to go and I don't see that we'll be changing that.
Phil Snow: It's a typical quarter for us in terms of net new client additions, so healthy additions, a very good mix of hedge funds, wealth shops, traditional asset managers. As we've said on previous calls, typically we bring clients on, kind of the smaller size and we end up growing them over time. We already have most of the largest shops out there as our clients and we still view that as our biggest opportunity as a firm is expanding the wallet share that we have in those bigger clients.
Phil Snow: Right now it appears to us as though the clients are in a healthy spot on both the buy side and sell side and are hiring modestly.
Phil Snow: The wealth business continues to do well. On a relative basis, it's growing faster than some other segments of our business. In the last half we released an asset allocation functionality which I think will be good for that space and we've also increased coverage for some of our StreetAccount news areas which we think will help the wealth space as well.
Phil Snow: That's really not a metric that we track. We have a big variety of clients that pay us different price points for different types of users. So it's really not one that we pay attention to.
Phil Snow: The fixed income product continues to do exceptionally well in a few different dimensions. We have through our portfolio analytics products selling fixed income in PA is doing well. We have a fixed income analytical services product that has a high growth rate and we're also doing well and selling credit workstations.
Phil Snow: Sounds like an interview question. We've always looked at our opportunity at FactSet through multiple lenses. We'll look at the opportunity geographically, we'll look at it by the types of firms that we're selling to, the different sites of users or workflows within those firms lots of different ways of looking at it. One area that I think you'll see increased focus from at FactSet is specifically around that end-user work flow. So I'm going to be obsessed with making sure that we're providing different types of users the content and analytics that each of them wants and delivering it the way that they want. We've done that in past. We're just going to raise the priority or sort on that particular lens that we look through.
