Mike Frankenfield: Hey, Peter. It’s Mike Frankenfield. I’ll speak to the revenue opportunity. FactSet’s proprietary content gives us a couple of unique opportunities. It gives our clients more choice within the FactSet workstations. As you know we supply content from several third-party providers and now we’re pleased to be able to offer our own offerings in that space and I think clients appreciate that choice.  The second big opportunity content gives us the ability to sell the content directly to clients in a feed form. Many of our clients have back office or middle office applications that are hungry for data and we think there’s a big opportunity out there to supply our data in feed form to those clients.
Mike Frankenfield: Yes, our sell side firms, all the firms that buy side Intel sell side are very cautious these days and they’re all scrutinizing their user populations and rightsizing their populations based on product receiving in the market. There are significant cuts going on in the sell side rate now. Most of those cuts do not affect our user base but some of the cuts do affect our user base. And I think the reduction you’re seeing is primarily limited to the sell side and mostly a reflection of the fact that head count has come down a little bit during the quarter.
Mike Frankenfield: Hi, Shlomo. It’s Mike. I think as Phil stated, our competitive landscape really hasn’t changed that much and it is slow to evolve. We perceive that the landscape is very competitive and what we really focus is executing on our product, executing on our sales strategy. Clients certainly are going to alter their price strategy and bundle if they think they’ve got a competitive situation, where price may help them, but we believe that for the market we serve, our clients are interested in buying the best product, so that’s really what we focus on, is executing, delivering the best product possible and we believe the evidence is showing that versus our largest competitors, we continue to take share.
Mike Frankenfield: We’ve seen lots of bundling, lots of price configuration changes happening for as long as we’ve been in the business. I think it’s pretty standard practice for competitors as they perceive they have an advantage or are losing an advantage to alter their pricing in response to how they’re compared again.
Mike Frankenfield: Well the average number of traders at a buy side firm is going be anywhere from just a couple to maybe 20. It’s going to vary significantly based on the size of the firm. We’re in the very, very early stages. We have a compelling product with some unique functionality out there in the marketplace and it appears that we’re gaining some good traction amongst our buy side clients and it’s a great collaborative process. It’s how so many of FactSet’s products get developed, we have been collaborating with our clients to understand their work flow challenges and then design our solutions to enhance their work flow.
Mike Frankenfield: Our PA suite is as you just mentioned, it’s a suite of products. It doesn’t focus on just attribution or just risk. We consider it to be the premiere product in the marketplace and it’s got incredibly deep functionality that’s capable of meeting the needs of the most sophisticated user yet it can also be set up in a way to meet the needs of very, very casual users. So we feel like we address a broad spectrum of needs within our asset management clients. And as I said earlier, our clients are interested in buying the best product. When we’re looking at markets that are volatile and uncertain, having the best measures of performance, having the best measures of risk, I think are what are appealing to our clients.
Phil Hadley: Peter, its Phil. It’s hard to decompose our revenues because we’ve always been in the business of supplying software and content. It’s just historically the content was really not billed directly by us or even produced directly by us. So it’s hard to measure.  To answer the first part of the question you asked before on the profitability, it’s definitely one of those where the bigger we get the more scale we have. I would definitely characterize our content operations as profitable. But as you can tell by our headcount growth we continue to invest heavily in it and when you are investing into something new, obviously it doesn’t have a revenue stream or value associated with it so it takes time for it to get scale. But the mature products like Fundamentals, Estimates, and Ownership, M&A, all the ones that have been on the system for a while, deliver a substantial amount of the value of the FactSet service.
Phil Hadley: There’s always opportunity for us to drive margins. This is a spectacular business and we could certainly stop investing in our future. I think the big challenge with that in a business like this is that most of the products that you produce or the value you're producing probably has a five year cycle and you need to invest to make sure that you have growth opportunities five years from now.  So I think it would be a mistake for us to stop investing in content and stop investing in our applications. So we use the flat margins really as a discipline to measure whether we should be investing more or less and it's kind of blend this in. But as you can see through time our margins go up and go down on a quarterly basis. We’re not perfect at it. But I think we feel comfortable that the current level of profitable is the right level of profitability for the business. And we’d rather see investments so that we could drive organic growth.
Phil Hadley: There’s always noise in the marketplace. I can’t really speak to what is taking place inside the other firms but certainly at the competitor level inside the client, the competitive dynamic in the marketplace does not shift quarter-to-quarter. It probably shifts just ever so slightly year-to-year. It’s just because it takes time to convert people’s workloads. We feel very good about our current competitive position and I spend a great deal of time monitoring anytime we gain revenue in client any while anytime we lose revenue in a client any while, and decomposing what the competitive dynamic is and I guess the quick summary is that it just doesn’t change that quickly. We feel very good about our current position. 
Phil Hadley: I would take it one step further in that it’s definitely one of those products that’s been in the press now for three years but it’s invisible in the marketplace with us at this point. We found one client that was promised a great deal. It didn’t work for them and they moved to our product but other than that it’s one that I carefully watch the marketplace to understand where our competitive risk is and we feel that we definitely have the complete solution for our clients at this point and that product’s not there to meet the client work flow that we currently provide.
Phil Hadley: And, John, it’s Phil. Starting the international environment, we see volatility and difference performance in different regions not only in Europe but across the globe. Some of our Asian markets and our Middle Eastern markets are performing extremely well. There’s softness in certain areas of Europe, yet other areas or other countries in Europe are performing very well. No doubt that on the continent there’s a certain degree of cautiousness, but again we’re small in that area relative to the potential addressed in the universe, and we continue to chip away.
Peter Walsh: Just to remind everyone, in the previous quarter the fourth quarter of 2011, we had a one-time charge of 5.4 million related to increasing the performance of our performance-based stock options. The total stock comp in that quarter was 10.4 million if you backed out that charge. On a recurring basis it was 5 million. Comparing it to this quarter, our stock based comp increased by 900,000 sequentially. And that primarily relates to the increased performance levels achieved in the last fiscal year.
Peter Walsh: We backed out all stock-option expense in the non-GAAP number, which includes option expense related to both regular options and performance options and the non-GAAP number is $1.10.
Peter Walsh: Did somebody add back the R&D? I would use our press release as what we actually reported, Peter and I’d be happy to reconcile anything you’re seeing afterwards.
Peter Walsh: This is probably the way a quarter breaks down, I mean if you’re just taking this quarter, I think that you take what happened in August where you had massive market volatility in two weeks. We’re certainly correlated to the market. You have the buy side mentality and you have a sell side mentality. They both react differently. I’d say the buy side gets cautious; they don’t roll up the tent and go home. The sell side can change very quickly to we’re in cost-cutting mode and the market data vendor procurement person gets a great deal of power and exerts it immediately. And that’s just the mentality of the firms. I would say just from a characterization, I think the buy side just kind of waits to find out what happens with the year and our first quarter is kind of an odd buying period for our clients and it always has been from a cyclicality perspective. We’re August year end, so our clients hire a lot in the summer and our sales force is driving for the fourth quarter. You get into the first quarter, your September, October, November; it’s not really year-end decisions. In a normal healthy environment, people are kind of generally kind of buying stuff or stuff that’s just kind of slid just falls in that quarter. Otherwise in an environment like this you can see that people start to slide decisions for the year end and hey wait and see, where is this market going to end up? Are we going to fix what’s happening in Europe?From a business perspective, our strategy really stays the same in an up and a down market and we feel really good about where we’re headed in the marketplace. I felt very good about our client adds this quarter. It tells me that we’re gaining share at the client add side of the business. The sell side, my ability to predict the next 12 months of sell side revenue for us, I wouldn’t want to bet a penny on it as far as what happens on a forward 12 months. The buy side of the business, actually did pretty well this quarter, pretty darn similar to what it did last year. So, even in a tough environment we did pretty well. You can see by our head count, we’re investing a great deal in head count and that’s really just confidence in the fact that we’ve got great ideas and believe we can convert into product. And then if you look at everything else we did this quarter, the financial metrics, whether it’s the DSOs, the free cash flow, it’s just a great business that we’re in.
Peter Walsh: Yes, I think that the short term is, they got cautious. The long term is that we’ve got a large sales force worldwide, it's very engaged with our client base and all of the products and things that we’re – solutions we’re providing for our clients are all very active. And our clients are excited about the product we’re producing for them.
Peter Walsh: Since I’ve been in the business, my goal is to double this business. Internally we’re talking about doubling this business and it’s the way we look at everything we do and that is making sure we put the pieces in place to make sure that happens. In Mike’s world let’s make sure I have the sales force in place, to make sure I can sell that much product. In Peter’s world it’s about building the product and making sure that we’re delivering that kind of value to the marketplace. We’re in a business that the biggest two players add up to a $15 billion in opportunity. So, the market’s got to be close to $20 billion out there and we’re not even $1 billion yet. So, I look at it and think if we just keep executing the opportunity for us to deliver our business is right in front of us and we just keep marching ahead.
Peter Walsh: In terms of unexamined spending, that’s just a judgment call on my part, just some antidotes from the sales force and how they describe their experience with clients. I do think generally all clients including buy-side clients have learned from ‘08 and ‘09 and have more tools and more careful about their spending in general. I think that’s really what that point’s it out.
Peter Walsh: It’s kind of an interesting question. I guess I would certainly decompose it this way. When we hire somebody new into FactSet and it really doesn’t matter what area you’re hiring them into. I think we probably at least have a period of six months of investment in every employee we make before we get a reasonable return on our investment. And that’s probably true in content, engineering and the client facing employees. And from that point on it’s certainly one of mutual benefit. Their careers are off to the races and the value they produce for FactSet is growing every day.
Peter Walsh: Yes. I think it's obviously really depends on the work flow and what group you’re in. In content it might be quicker on some applications depending on how complex the content to collect is and slower in others.
Peter Walsh: I think we see a very active M&A opportunity pipeline. I think we’re probably see three, four a quarter that could come by as potential opportunities. For us, at this point we really can be very selective in what is interesting to us, both on a valuation and a workflow perspective. I think we feel very good about our organic opportunities. So, for the most part we take it fast because it’s not good return on the time and integration and in dollars that it would require.
