Phil Snow: Hey Seth, thanks, it's Phil. I'm going to say a few words and then I'm sure Helen has more detail. So I think clearly we had a good Q1. We had a great win there on the wealth side. Q2 looks to be a little bit weaker than we originally anticipated. And it's always hard to predict when market sentiment is going to turn around essentially. So we're still very optimistic about Q4, and as usual, we have a tail of two-halves. So I think we have the product, the strategy, the competitive positioning to really do well, but we are facing some headwinds in the market just in terms of clients, their budgets, obviously they're looking very closely with their own headcount.
Phil Snow: Oh yes, hey Manav, thanks for the question, it's Phil. We certainly are seeing opportunity. So as we go through these periods of market uncertainty, it's always a great opportunity for FactSet to work with our clients, who typically want to do more with us and trust us. So that's become an even more sophisticated conversation as our product suite has expanded. And just in the last few weeks, I've heard a couple of very encouraging situations where it just feels like there's more of a top-down push now at the bigger clients to really save, to drive cost savings in our direction. So that is encouraging to me. I think at some firms, there was still a bit of choice given to users, but we are an anchor partner of choice for our clients based on our strategy and our open platform. Our investments in generative AI and our approach there is landing really well. So I just feel more optimistic than I have in a long time about the long-term prospects of FactSet and our competitive position. I'm happy to go through this firm type by firm type, either on the call today or some other time with you. But overall, I think it's just a timing thing for us and getting through this period of uncertainty in the markets and I think them are in really good shape.
Phil Snow: Yes, thanks. Thanks, Shlomo. Yes, so I think there are three good buckets of cost opportunity internally for generative AI. One is engineering, so we have a lot of engineers at FactSet and we've successfully piloted GitHub Copilot with a number of groups and I think we're deploying that more broadly now. So like other firms we're seeing great efficiency just in terms of the amount of code that someone can produce in the same amount of time. So that is a good opportunity for us. On the content and collection side, there's also a good opportunity. And, you know, over the decades, we have continued to automate more and more of content collection. So this is just a bit of an inflection point. But I was in India, you know, a couple of months ago and sat down with a number of teams and all of them were able to demonstrate to me in some way, shape or form really good efficiency that they could get from collecting all kinds of different databases. And then on the sales front, similarly, I sat down with someone on a help desk and we have a copilot for them, which is really good about generating a code that a user might want. And 50% of our help desk calls tend to be coding calls. So you can imagine that, that's a great efficiency. So the question for us and for any other firm, frankly, if you ask anyone about this, is whether or not you have that efficiency go through to margin or if you use it in other ways, right? So we have a long list of things we'd like to do on the product side. So we're still, a, evaluating how much efficiency we can get and how we'd want to spend that money. Any real impact from those three things, I wouldn't expect to see until FY ‘25 next fiscal year, but we might be able to recognize some of it in -- like later in the second half of this year. The Centers of Excellence, we have great employees there. I think the question is, just can you continue to go up the value chain in terms of what you do in those locations? So we're always evaluating our people and location strategy. And I think we've all learned in the last three years that there are even more options open to us than they might have been in the past. So overall, I'm very optimistic about what we can continue to do to drive efficiency and drive the top line through more product.
Phil Snow: Yes, thank you. There's a lot in there. So on the M&A front, the three buckets that we continue to spend time on are wealth, wealth technology, private markets and filling out, continuing to fill out the portfolio life cycle. So those are the three areas of higher interest. We do look at other interesting content assets. And yes, your instincts are right. The market is beginning to throw a little bit. I think a lot of sponsors are beginning to bring assets to market as they need to show some returns to their clients. I don't know about the multiples coming down part, but still to be determined. But we're in a much better position than we were six months ago just because we've executed very well on the CUSIP acquisition and effectively gotten our leverage down to the range that we said that we would -- we did what we said we were going to do. So we're active. We're looking at tons of stuff. On the AI front, I mean, the -- I guess I'll answer it this way. The -- I think the winners in artificial intelligence are going to be people that own the data, right? So we're in a great position there, because we have a ton of data that we collect ourselves. We obviously have a lot of third-parties that contribute data into our ecosystem, and we connect that well. That's the real value there. And then clients are also trusting us with their data. So potentially, data -- the price of data assets may go up, but also it might be easier for some newer firms to collect data. Now newer firms that have data are going to need very often platforms like FactSet to monetize that. It's hard to go into a bigger bank or a bigger asset management as a small company and get their attention and get through all of the different things that you need to get through to have that sale. So we're in a great position here. And yes, we're actively looking at what's available in the market.
Phil Snow: Well, we won't give exact numbers. But what I can say is that banking was probably affected the most. And I think you saw that in our press release, right? We saw, I think, much weaker hiring or more churn on the banking side than we did last year. On the asset management side, things came down a little bit, not dreadfully. We did see definitely weaker penetration in the front office. So we've begun to see the buy-side clients, I think, reduced headcount a little bit more than they have in the past. But overall, the growth rates of asset management, asset owners and hedge funds didn't come down dramatically. Wealth went up quite a bit because of that big deal we had in Q1. And then some of the smaller parts of our business like private equity, venture capital and corporations in an environment like this, we did add new logos in both of those areas, but not at the rate that we might have had in previous years. So hopefully, that helps.
Phil Snow: Yes, I'm not sure we'll be able to speak to the exact size of that. But yes, I think the opportunity for us to do much larger deals is increasing. And what is really encouraging, Russell, is across wealth, which we just saw a big win in, we had a very nice win on the institutional buy side this quarter in trading. And the revenue for that doesn't really materialize until those trading systems get implemented. So that can take a while. We had a fantastic large win in Q4 on the managed services side for performance. And then in banking, we've had some significant wins where we've completely displaced a competitor because of deep sector. So I'm beginning to see in my conversations with the C-suite of our bigger clients a real appetite to engage more with FactSet. So yes, I hope stuff is lumpy, particularly on the upside, right? And when you get those eight-figure contracts or those seven-figure contracts, it can sway things. I think one of the beauties about FactSet's business model is our consistency though. And I think as markets return to more normalcy, we'll still get a lot of single doubles and triples, which will, I think, continue to hopefully smooth things out. But yes, we're always hunting for those big deals and the possibility of us getting those now is much larger just based on the product suite and our open strategy.
Phil Snow: Yes. Thanks, Linda. So yes, I mean, the sales cycles for our clients do take some time particularly for our enterprise solutions. So I really hope sentiment has turned and like we spoke about on this call that it's just a question of timing. So to summarize, we're very excited, obviously, about artificial intelligence. We have a lot of FactSetters out in the market, working with our clients and nothing beats sort of showing the product to the client and getting that wow back from them. So we're all really behind this. We've made a lot of progress in the last year, and I feel like we're really in good shape versus the competition based on what I'm seeing. We did take the guidance down just because the turn is taking a bit longer than we thought, which we just spoke to. Second quarter will be a little slower than planned just to summarize. So we may be taking a bit of a conservative view there. And we did mention the -- in particular, the Credit Suisse acquisition by UBS, which was well known. And then just to summarize, I'm going to give a bit of a plug for FactSet Focus. So we're having our flagship user event in Miami this April and the beginning of May. It's the first time we've done this in a number of years. We're bringing together top thought leaders, industry experts and key decision-makers from both the finance and tech sectors. We're really going to be focused very heavily on artificial intelligence and really demonstrating what we've done there. And hopefully, that will be really engaging for anyone that attends. So that's it. We'll see you all next quarter. Operator, that ends today's call.
Helen Shan: Yes, and maybe I can add a little bit to that. Thanks for the question. So as Phil just said, I do think that the continued demand for our middle office offerings and data and middle office services has really been strong and similarly for data feeds. Right now the total cost of ownership has been the differentiator for us, but there are the exogenous events that are impacting budgets and timing and hiring. So what changed from 90-days ago? Let me try to break that down a bit for you. I would look at around 40 basis points coming from the impact from pricing pressures and lower price realization. We definitely see that being a part of the dynamic that's playing out. We're seeing some impact from higher erosion. That's about 30-some basis points and then 25 basis points coming from what we view as delayed decisions and spend. We're seeing more of that coming into the fourth quarter and from that perspective, that makes it a little bit tougher to gauge exactly when that will come to fruition. We have not seen a lot of fallout. So that again helps us think about the strength of our business, but not necessarily the timing of it. If you think about the reduction by firm type, the way we look at it is about half of it will come from deal makers, which is largely banking. And we can see right now weaker net hires, but it's very difficult to tell until we get into the second-half, as you know, for seasonal hiring. From the buy side, that's about 25% of our total. There we're seeing a bit of the higher erosion due to cost realization, cost rationalization rather, and also delayed decisions. We're actually seeing good opportunities in the six plus figure, but those take longer to come about. And then lastly, on wealth, strength like was mentioned, very strong on the wealth side of a great win this quarter -- wins this quarter. But if I take a look at what else is happening there is that we're seeing some slowdown in advisor hiring and then some losses on smaller firms. We still see a path to hit the higher end of our revised range would have put us back into the midpoint. Things such as higher conviction on the improvement in the capital markets, so that we would see more investments that are in flight go back into technology, higher investment banking flow that we think would drive higher seasonal hiring. And then we've got a number of large competitive opportunities in our pipeline, all in that six and seven figure deal range. And those can change and determine whether or not we hit the high end as well. So hopefully that gives you a sense of what drives the delta between our guidance.
Helen Shan: Yes, sure. Thank you, Toni. You're right. We -- the Americas is done on Jan 1 and then our international, we'll see that come through in April. So interestingly, the actual rate cards we have not increased. What we do is we have an annual price increase based off of our contracts. And quite frankly, up till now, we've seen everything go through pretty well. In other words, clients are not pushing back on the price increase per se. They understand it. They understand the improvements we've made and the enhancements we've made. The issue that we have a little bit more of is clients are taking the opportunity then to perhaps go through a review of their list, so we see some erosion that comes from as a result. And also from a price realization perspective, so in other words, we're seeing some down shift. We have to kind of approve deals that are a bit lower on our price realization, about a point lower than we saw in Q4, for example. And that's driving some of that delta. So we expect to have to continue to be competitive especially on new deals and but the actual annual price increase so far has been received pretty much in line with what we've seen in the past.
Helen Shan: Alex, hi. It’s Helen. Thanks for your question and thanks for the specifics. So you've hit the nail on the head on a number of your points. So yes, last year we had a very strong Q2 and so this year, while we've not changed our rate card, the actual annual price increase is a little bit lower than last year. So that is part of the reason, so you're spot on there. The other is that we do know or anticipated a couple of material headwinds, one is the impact of the acquisition of Credit Suisse by UBS and the downsizing that occur there. Now we might be a little bit conservative there, but that's going to have a pretty material impact to our growth year-over-year. And that's where the Q2, we will see a much more weak Q2 growth rate.
Helen Shan: Maybe I can just add a little bit, Manav, just along with Phil just said. So like he was talking about, clients are going through right-sizing exercises. That's been happening for several quarters and most clients, their budgets are more flat. But what they're being asked is to provide more sophisticated tools and reporting to their clients. And yet they have not enough people or dollars or their current technology and processes, some of which can be internal, just can't scale. And that's why we're so well positioned on that front. And that's why also from an open platform perspective you can do replacement pieces, not need the entire pieces -- entire workflow replaced, but pieces. And that's worked into our advantage as well. So that really goes to what Phil was just talking about which is there's a lot of good activity and timing is really the question of how complex they are.
Helen Shan: Hi, Kelsey, it's Helen. Thanks for your question. Let me try to get to it. So when we think about wealth, as we mentioned, we had a very good win this quarter that helps us a lot. And so when we think about what wealth clients are trying to do right now is that they are looking really to improve and modernize their platform. They started with a lot of the large wealth firms, as you know. And now we're seeing that now with the midsized firms coming through. So that's where we're seeing more of that deal flow. Just as a reminder for the large clients that we have been able to win through competitive displacement that includes Merrill, Royal Bank of Canada, Raymond James and Bank of Montreal. And with this newest one, which actually for us is the one the longest or rather the highest total contract value, there was a displacement of a long-time incumbent. And so we look forward to building that relationship with them for the long-term since our contract with them is actually longer than average over five years. And so as wealth clients, now the mid-tier client -- wealth clients are now coming on board and wanting to modernize their platform because their clients are demanding more sophisticated digital technologies, and they don't have the platform to be able to scale, and that's where they're turning to us. Total cost of ownership is really quite key. And so the discussions that we're having include everything from -- and this is back to your question, whether or not they want to get the data from APIs, for example, which does require more development costs. They need people to put that in versus, say, one of the products we're seeing a lot of demand for us, which are widgets, which are easier to put in and therefore, quicker. So those are some of the dynamics we're seeing. That's where we're expanding beyond the wealth platform only and going into data and then also into the CRM side, which is allowing our wealth clients to focus on their top line and giving their advisers the tools to be able to drive top line growth.
Helen Shan: Thanks. And Kristi, I'll add a little bit to what you just said to answer the second part of your question, Owen, which is monetization is one that everyone is trying to determine. I think that you'll see -- or we'll see rather the benefits certainly come through from increased retention. And in fact, it's allowing us to have some very interesting conversations with new clients. So we're going to see how those come through, but it is not baked specifically into certainly the guidance for this year.
Helen Shan: Hi, thanks for that question. Yes, you're right. We -- as Linda had talked about, we thought a bit of the recovery would improve more quickly into the second half of the year, it's probably a little bit later. And so what we're hearing right now and clients are sort of finishing up their budgeting process that most budgets are probably more flat. And what -- but they're still being asked to do a lot more with what they have. And as I mentioned before, their ability to scale is still something that's top of mind. So to your point around the six to seven figure deals, yes, certainly, some of that will depend on budgets improving. As mentioned, some of the benefit we have in our open platform is you can do things in pieces. So you don't have to commit to the whole redo of a platform, for example. But certainly, as more dollars are being allocated to technology and GenAI, we feel we're pretty well positioned to take advantage of that.
Linda Huber: Yes. Hi, Faiza. Yes, we are thinking through what it means to have at the midpoint a $15 million reduction in revenue. So obviously, we would like to offset that and it is our intention to hold adjusted operating margin where we said at about 36.5% midpoint. So we've got to adjust our expenses. We've talked about taking a charge which we will have more details on in the second quarter earnings call. So that's at the half year mark if you will. So we're shooting for about $30 million in cost cuts and we're looking at $10ish or so million dollars of cost cuts. The first thing you do is look at your variable costs. The easiest one is T&Es. We're looking at sort of a $1 million to $2 million of a cut there. Professional services is another one we're looking at. Call that $3 million to $4 million. So call that bucket sort of $5 million in total. And then we're looking also at our bonus calculations. So, we've just taken our guidance down a bit, and we would expect that our bonus pool will come down a bit as well, maybe about $5-ish million, but we don't know until we get to the end of the year. So that would be about a total of $10 million. And then we've talked about a $10 million to $15 million charge, which would probably lean more toward personnel and headcount reduction thoughts. We're working through that right now. We have not made any final decisions on that. And of course, that process has to be handled very, very carefully with an eye toward holding our investment funding, which is incredibly important to us, particularly given AI, which we'll be talking about in a bit. But we want to make sure that we bring our expenses back into line with our revenues. Now if you look at our buckets, we had talked before about if you look at our third-party data costs, they're up a bit in the first quarter, because we lapped a really good audit release last year, but those will be about flat for this year. And if you look at our real estate costs, we've taken pretty close to $90 million in charges to right size our real estate footprint. So on that one, those costs will actually be flat to down a bit year-over-year. Technology costs are going up. We've talked a lot about that. This is a technology company and three big drivers for the tech costs, amortization coming through because we're building more of our software as we've talked about, also more cloud expense and also more third-party software purchases. Footnote there on cloud expense, please watch that carefully. If Kristi and the team are successful with what they're trying to do for AI, cloud expense may go up. We have to watch that carefully, but that's an important area of investment for us, so we'll keep our eyes on that, which leaves people, which is about 65% of our expense base. So we're going to have to make sure we've got everyone in the right place for what we're trying to do going forward. And I think that probably would provide about enough detail. In terms of the ramp for expenses, we put up $338 million for the first quarter. We would expect that to jump up to the neighborhood of $350 million for the second quarter, and then as a result of the charge sort of flatten out through the rest of the year. And yes, our margin tends to be a bit higher in the first quarter. We would see it might come off a bit as we move through the year, so the sort of normal trend that you see at FactSet. So that's a lot of information. I hope that's helpful and really appreciate your question, Faiza.
Linda Huber: Yes. Heather, it's Linda. I actually listened to an interview with Brian Moynihan on the way up this morning, so maybe we'll quote you back your own firm's information here. I think the question is the timing of the turn, and I don't think anyone can predict that particularly clearly. If they can, they should be, of course, running a hedge fund. But in any case, we have thought this might come a little bit sooner. What we're trying to say is that the turn is going to come a little bit later in the year than we had thought. It should be noted that investment banking and banking hiring is a lagging indicator, okay? So we've had 500 basis points of interest rate increases. Times got tougher and so hiring is in fact a lagging indicator There is a view that I also heard this morning, not from your boss, that Jay Powell shot the bears last week. So, how long will it take for capital markets to come back? If you speak to various institutions, they're saying they're seeing much greater activity right now. The tenure this morning was at 3.9, which beats the heck out of 5. So we would expect that things will turn up. How quickly will that happen? Very difficult to say. So we're trying to be realistic about what we think about the pacing of that turn. But we do particularly with the Fed announcement last week, we do think that it is coming. It just may take a bit longer than we thought. And there's a lot of focus on AI. We have incredible conversations going on with our clients, and we'll be speaking more about that as others might want to ask about it. But we do see the turn coming. It's just a question of when. So I hope that makes things a bit clearer, but we appreciate your boss's interview this morning.
Linda Huber: Yes. George, it's Linda. We're not going to talk about headcount reductions via firm types. The main reason being that we haven't made our full decisions yet. We're looking to put our investments toward our higher value and our emerging opportunities. And obviously, we're looking really closely at products that we may have had for a while or opportunities that maybe have not lived up to everything that we had hoped for them. Also, in terms of where that headcount might come from, obviously, we have to look hard at our onshore locations to make sure we're getting the best use out of our resources there. But again, all this is in progress right now, and we'll have a little bit more information as we go into the Q2 earnings call. But we haven't made those decisions yet. And I don't think we're going to give that degree of granularity even when we get to that time. We're looking to take out $10 million to $15 million on cost. We're going to do it very thoughtfully. Senior management of the firm is looking at this with great caution to make sure that we're really thoughtful about what we're doing. This doesn't come easily to us. So we want to take the time and get it right. And I don't think we're going to go into too much more detail than that.
Linda Huber: Yes. It's a perfectly fair question and one that I sort of wrestled with as we were getting ready for this call. So we originally gave guidance on September 21. You will recall that then we had the very tragic events of October 7, which made the macro situation even more difficult. So we gave guidance before that piece happened. And sentiment, frankly, got worse. We're coming to the calendar year-end for a lot of our clients, budgets got thinner, they tightened their belts yet again. And then last Wednesday, we got what I think everybody considers to be a bit of a surprise from Chairman Powell. I like this expression of he shot the bears. The market has turned dramatically and hard. Is it ahead of itself? It could be. But what I said before is really very important. The hiring in -- for some of our clients is a lagging indicator. So we have to work through that, clear that, take the impact of what's going on with the Credit Suisse situation in our second quarter in a conservative way and then get back on track, which we are looking to do. And I think, yes, the unusual combination of our fiscal year-end. And when some pretty big news events have happened -- have caused what you might consider to be a bit of a disconnect, but I hope that the explanation has helped you. So we're quite optimistic, and I'm going to turn it over to Phil to sort of bring us in for a landing here. But we very much appreciate your point of view and your question and your notes on timing, probably pretty appropriate, but we are excited about what's coming next. And maybe Phil can comment on that.
