Philip A. Hadley: Shlomo and Peter, I know you both were close to the top of the queue. If you thought you were in the queue and had already done what you needed to do, you need to try it again because the operator seems to have cleared you out.
Philip A. Hadley: Operator, there has to be technical difficulty on your side. There are at least 10 or 15 normal questions that would come on this call.
Philip A. Hadley: Peter, I'll chime in. I don't think Phil and the management team – the character of the business is definitely still to reinvest. As you know, quarter to quarter things bounce up and down. FX is helping us. But as Maurizio said, we're definitely continuing to reinvest heavily in our head count.
Philip A. Hadley: Manav, it's Phil Hadley. I think we're certainly very supportive of it. For us it's an opportunity for the marketplace to create another platform for chat to occur. So I think all the industry participants both buy side, sell side, and participants like us will certainly be supportive of the process, and I think it's got a great chance.
Philip Snow - President: Hi, Shlomo. It's Phil Snow. I can take that one. First of all, I would say on both the buy side and the sell side this quarter, the growth drivers were exceptionally broad-based. To answer your question specifically about wealth, yes, that is a good solid double-digit driver for us. We've been monetizing or selling to the wealth market internationally for quite some time, and this quarter a lot of the biggest closes actually were over in Europe for wealth specifically.
Philip Snow - President: Again, it was pretty broad-based. You saw that we had a great quarter in terms of net workstation additions. I think that's the strongest Q3 we've had in probably four years, and that was well distributed between the buy side and the sell side. So some of that growth was definitely coming from adding additional sell-side users. We had some healthy wins, in the hundreds, and a few losses as well, but it wasn't one big displacement that drove that number. And we're also doing very well against all of the competitors in our space.
Philip Snow - President: Yes, it's a great question. We still view massive opportunity in the market and all the market segments that we're going after. The new management team is in place. We've gone through I think a very well orchestrated transition over the last year. So I feel like we're poised to continue to grow. And the clients definitely feel healthy. I think we're seeing that on the sell side where the hiring trends feel good to us.
Philip Snow - President: I think one thing that I'll point to is just the strength of our product. I think we've got some good product differentiation, particularly with our office (27:47) suite and some of the unique content that we offer. And we have a great sales team as well.
Philip Snow - President: That's a good question. We've acquired a little bit more content and continued to build it out. And the hiring trends on the sell side are definitely helping.
Philip Snow - President: Yeah, I think we've always had a very motivated sales team at FactSet, and this is just sort of a natural opportunity for us to reorganize. So Scott Miller has done a great job. He's got his entire team in place at this point. I think we mentioned this on our previous call, but we now have dedicated heads for both Asia and Europe, whereas previously that was a little bit more mixed together, so I think that's very positive. We've done a lot to separate out the global majors from the rest of the sales force, so really focusing on the bigger banks and the buy-side components of those. That's another change. And I think thirdly, FactSet Consulting is really one of our really great competitive advantages in the marketplace, just how we service our clients. So we have someone leading that effort now globally rather than it being regionally and just bringing us to that next level with our consulting group. So to summarize, there's a lot of really great energy in the sales force, and we're really excited about what we can get out of the group.
Philip Snow - President: We don't track it that heavily internally at that level. So it really is a function of which clients, what types of users within those clients, and what the mix is in terms of new business versus same-store sales, so all of those things play into that number. Generally speaking, when we bring on either a new client or a new user at certain types of firms, they come in at a lower price point, and our model is then to upsell them moving forward...
Philip Snow - President: I don't think I have any great insight into that other than what you would have. I think it just generally feels healthy for us, that it's probably at all-time highs and we're able to capitalize on that.
Philip Snow - President: We continue to evaluate a lot of different opportunities that we come across. There are some natural adjacencies for us, which I'm probably not going to get into in any detail on this call. But we're as active or more active than we've been in the past.
Philip Snow - President: I'd like it to happen as soon as possible, obviously, but I don't think I'm going to tell you when that's going to be. But I think we've got a great opportunity to get there sooner rather than later.
Philip Snow - President: Yes, that price point that you mentioned is – that's applicable for a certain segment of the market when we're bringing on new clients.
Philip Snow - President: But yes, we have different pricing models for different types of users and different types of clients. Wealth is one where I think we've done a really good job of packaging different options for three different levels of the market. But I don't think we're going to talk about what exactly those price points are for all the different segments of the market on this call. But we do have different models, and it's something that we're continually evaluating in terms of what we should be doing, in terms of pricing and packaging.
Philip Snow - President: All of them. We have three major areas that we're focused on now, not that we haven't been before, but in terms of how we've reorganized things. So we have a workstation solutions team, which is really focused on front office professionals. We have an analytics team which is really what you should think of in terms of our PA fixed income quant and risk products. And then we have our contents and technology solutions team, who are really focused on monetizing our content outside of our workstations in whatever way our clients want to consume it, whether it's a feed, on demand, through some sort of partnership. So we're heavily focused on all three areas, and we think we can get all of them into double digits.
Philip Snow - President: I think we're continually taking share from all of the major competitors, Dan, that you know of in the marketplace. So each quarter it differs a little bit in terms of who those names are and what types of clients, but we feel like we're doing very well on a competitive basis. And just to remind everyone, in terms of the overall market, we're still probably at 5% of that, so we view opportunity against all of our competitors.
Philip Snow - President: Yes, typically it's Reuters, Bloomberg. It's S&P Cap IQ. Those are the three major competitors that we have, other firms that we compete with in more regional markets.
Philip Snow - President: Hey, Andre. This is Phil Snow. Yes, that fixed income product just continues to do exceptionally well. It's very, very strong in a couple of different areas. One is just selling to analysts that do a lot of credit analysis, and the other is on the Portfolio Analytics side of the equation. So it's doing great. We're continuing to reinvest in it, and we don't anticipate that slowing down.
Philip Snow - President: I would say if the question was fixed income trading, I think we're in the very, very early innings of thinking about that. We're more focused on the portfolio attribution and risk side of the equation.
Maurizio Nicolelli: Hi, Peter. It's Maurizio. You are correct. We've had some nice margin expansion from Q3 of last year. If you remember, last year our adjusted op margin was 32.8%, and I think this quarter it's 33.5%. We've gone up 70 basis points. Also, our margin was diluted by 40 basis points for the Code Red acquisition. We continue to reinvest in the business. Our head count has grown 9% on a year-over-year basis. And so essentially, a big part of the ASV growth is also going into reinvestment, but we have increased our margin over 100 basis points on a year-over-year basis. And we're comfortable with the guidance going forward.
Maurizio Nicolelli: FX has been a benefit to us over the last 12 months. Again, that benefit has translated in two positive impacts for the business. One is head count has grown over 9% as we have reinvested a chunk of that business into investing it back into the business. And the other piece of that is our margin expansion of 110 basis points over the last 12 months.
Maurizio Nicolelli: I think our FX benefit is reflected in our guidance going forward. You can see it's fairly stable as of today. To be quite honest, we only look out one quarter in terms of our guidance. So I think FX would be fairly stable over the next quarter based on our guidance.
