Helen Shan: Sure. Thanks for your question. So yes, we are pleased with how we're performing. When we think about the benefit in this quarter, it comes in part from the higher revenue growth, given the strong Q4, and that's offset by both growth and expand in both comp -- compensation and technology. The salary growth with – comes with the new hires. We did quite a lot in Q4 and that's coming through. And that's why when they become more of a run rate, which is more in Q1, we’re going to see that come through for the rest of the year as well as our merit increases that come through.  So that's why there's a bit of that cadence that we'll see come through post Q1. And we've also been doing additional spend in sales and product hiring and development, and that's going to see that come through for the back-half of the year also.  I think that when we talk about the part that's going to be more permanent, that is really when we’re back to an ongoing normal, whatever that’s defined as an environment. But we’re also going to start to lap, as we get into -- partly into Q2, but more into Q3, Q4. So that’s also why, from a margin perspective, we’ll see that play out through the rest of the year, and so that margins will reflect that as well.
Helen Shan: Maybe Toni, I can just add a couple things that we look at internally in terms of measuring is a little behind the scenes, but we're making good progress in terms of content automation, and the speed. So we're measuring the speed of, when we're integrating and the collection around the speed and processing. And those are important pieces because that is part of our digital transformation. That is again, behind the scenes that we measure and track as well.
Helen Shan: Yes, especially, Tony, as you think about the back half, is always our bigger half. So we have greater visibility, that there are things we're continuing to track, like the larger deals. They can -- they -- some moved from Q1 to Q2, which Phil talked about. So I think it's really it's reflected in our wider range in terms ROI [ph]. So we have confidence that's reflected in our wider range.
Helen Shan: And Mario, one of the outputs from our digital transformation project, so that you – I’ll call it as a proof point.
Helen Shan: Yeah, Phil happy to answer that. So we manage our budget pretty tightly. I would say we have more content set providers, but we've been very judicious in making sure that we're rationalizing them appropriately as well. Because that might be in the form of price, that might be in the form of where we have duplication that we are doing it more efficiently. But the actual number of content providers have increased from a third party perspective.
Helen Shan: Yes. I think that's right. I mean, this is a low quarter. So when you have something that cancels Alex, it becomes more impactful. So yes, I would say to clients that are in that hedge fund space with reduction. So that said, that EMEA [ph] impacts more in this quarter and then maybe into other quarter. And I think what we talked a bit about is the slowdown in decision making so often we would new wins offsetting that as well. But I wouldn't say there’s a concentration in any particular type of businesses, or cancellation of anything the one that Phil talked about earlier, is that in research, we saw better than in previous years or at least previous year in terms of cancellation outlook.
Helen Shan: Yeah, so in this quarter, I would say it's sort of a continuation of what we saw last year. So I would say it's around a point of savings if I just look at it purely year-over-year. That being said, we did -- we covered -- used that to help cover some of our higher expense as well in both compensation as well for our technology spend. 
Helen Shan: Yeah, well, that in a normal environment that's a little bit of a hard one that we are looking to get back into that, and that will be beyond this year. We think that's around 25 maybe 50 basis points. Let's compare that to 2019 in a more normal environment. Then I would say that's benefit we can see come through. I would look to that, whether that comes purely in funding some of our new initiatives in that, that we'll be seeing that, that's where I want to see more permanent structural change.
Helen Shan: I'll take a shot at that. So as we think about our sales front, I think Phil mentioned this earlier, and also talked about in our last call. It is in areas that we believe we have a lot of opportunities. So in CTS for example, where we've invested more on sales front, upselling in new business and corporate is another area. So it's not necessarily any particular geography, it's much more where we feel that we had some good opportunities to reach our resources in that area.  On the content side, I think that is in a couple of different places. Yes, this is actually where we put the most, but also I think in the areas of private markets, as we are spending more of our investment.
Helen Shan: The way to think of it is [technical difficulty] and there's the BAU [ph] on the business budget under the digital transformation budget. So where are we --Phil is exactly right, we don't ask our client number [ph] or anything like that, but they are clearly spending more also in that second budget and that's where a lot of the conversation Phil was alluding to in [indiscernible] that's where that is more focused on.
Helen Shan: I don't think anything has changed. At this juncture, we were assuming that maybe it's more of back half of the year, more of a return. And that will be more from a cost perspective than anything [technical difficulty] we're operating quite well. And also from the way we’ve been performing the last three quarters.
Phil Snow: Hey, Andrew, it’s Phil Snow. I’ll take that one. So, what we’re focused on, is our strategy, which we feel really good about. So if you think about FactSet and how we differentiate ourselves in the marketplace, so much of that has driven by the workflows that we build out around the client portfolios, particularly on the buy side and increasingly with wealth. So, our strategy is covering the portfolio lifecycle from research through to client reporting, and what we can do there in combination with the investment we're making in digital transformation for our clients. So, that's the piece of the market that we see as being truly differentiated for FactSet, along with the concordance that we offer between those portfolios and all of the data sets that we have on our platform. And we think there's some real advantages to that strategy and the agility that we have, when we talk to our clients. So we -- the consolidation of the industry has been happening for a long time, but we don't necessarily see this particular deal as something that would necessarily affect us in a negative way.
Phil Snow: Hi, Manav, it's Phil. I would think of this the way that, we've handled some other new content sets that we've gotten into. So we still want to be that ecosystem where the concordance that we offer and the software that we provide is a reason clients want to come to FactSet. So we have, I think, upwards of 20 ESG providers within the open FactSet marketplace. And I believe we've integrated about nine of those within our workstation and other workflows just based on client demand.  So I don't anticipate that changing. I think what we can do, if we own n asset, which is differentiated, like Truvalue is we can further integrate that through the different workflows for our clients. So we see exciting opportunities for Truvalue, just in terms of continuing to sell it, as a discrete product, which could be a feed or an API just for the signals, but then we can get it really embedded in our RMS, Research Management Solutions. We can attach it to the portfolios. So I think it's going to become ubiquitous now, ESG across portfolio management. And the strength that we have with our portfolio analytics products, is that you can really configure the groupings, the columns, the things that you want to know about your portfolio, and getting this data in there, I think, will be exciting for our clients and something that frankly, they're all going to be demanding and needing to do in the future.
Phil Snow: Yes, it's been an evolution. So we continue to add lots of alternative data providers to Open:FactSet and you can easily go and look at those now through the FactSet website that’s – we've got the whole library of data that we have up there. The strategy is evolving as we go, and as we learn more in terms of what clients are wanting. The way I would describe Open:FactSet now is not just necessarily that you're accessing alternative data providers in a modern research environments, but it's really the opening up of FactSet's technology stacks. So we continue to deploy more and more APIs, so that those that want to come into the FactSet ecosystem and create value, either with content or technology, are able to do that. So we do see some momentum both in the alternative data providers and how much we're able to monetize that, as well as the use of APIs. The use of APIs has actually been driven mostly through the analytics group so far. So all of the power of PA that clients use to for the workstation, they're now able to take those APIs and plug them into their own technology stacks and workflows, if that's something that they wanted to do.  So we’re – it's a big piece of our strategy. And I think, again, it's one that differentiates us when you think about FactSet and how we go to market and how we work with our clients.
Phil Snow: Sure. Yeah, so one metric that could be useful is how far we've come in terms of moving to the public cloud. We said that a year or so ago that our plan was to be 80% in the public cloud by the end of the original three year plan, which would be seven quarters from now. And we're now 35% of the way there. So that's something that we're measuring very closely. Of course, there are lots of other ways to measure that, but I think that's a good one to keep track of. I'm talking these days, Toni, to more CTOs and CIOs than I have around their entire workflow, and what it is they're doing from a technology standpoint. These are our largest clients. So one thing that our strategic client group and our other regional teams are doing with our larger clients is sitting down with them, really understanding the opportunities that are there, and some of the pressures frankly, that the clients are facing regarding their own digital transformation.  And we're having very open conversations with our clients about their entire workflow, their technology stack. We help blueprint that for them and then we really overlay access capabilities across their entire workflow to help them understand how we can help them consolidate their -- the number of providers that they deal with in the marketplace.  So the very largest clients, over the years have dealt with hundreds of providers, whether they’re technology or just content providers, and then being forced, I think to choose who are the one or two firms that we really want to tie ourselves to for the future as a platform and then how do we get that list of hundreds of providers, maybe cut it in half even. So that's something that we're spending a lot of time with clients on. And this is one of the things that I'm most excited about, particularly as we look at the second half of the year in terms of the pipeline, and really trying to get deals that are in the millions of dollars into that pipeline around this theme for our clients.
Phil Snow: We're certainly anticipating a strong Q2, as I outlined in my comments. And I think as we get through Q2, we'll have even more visibility on the second half. I've spoken before that sometimes it's difficult to have a really high degree of confidence more than six months out. But if we feel there's an opportunity to change any of our guidance, Toni, I think the best time for us to do that would probably be in March after we've gotten through Q2 and we've got more visibility on the second half pipeline.
Phil Snow: Yes, hi, it’s Phil. So you're right in that there are some bigger chunky deals that are out there and those are usually binary and we continue to see a lot of enthusiasm from the marketplace around larger wealth deals and are exploring those moving forward. And we do see a high volume of smaller wealth deals as well. So with the combination of those two, plus the business that we have around digital, which is part of the wealth business line that we report out on. So there's a good, healthy mixture across that.  What we do see, just in terms of the market on the wealth side is an increasing demand for more sophisticated tools for wealth advisors. We think that human element of wealth is still going to exist. I don't think it's going to be completely automated. But the clients of wealth are going to demand, I think, more insight from the wealth advisors moving forward and more of a personalized touch.  So we're excited about some of the products that we have coming to market. We've released a new advisor dashboard product, which we have a lot of opportunities for in the pipeline that really does a great job of organizing our wealth advisors day. So we're able to sift through the hundreds of thousands of portfolios, that are wealth or millions of portfolios that our wealth shop is managing and really help a wealth advisor understand what she may or may not need to do that day in terms of an order of priority, in terms of dealing with their clients. And some of that's just good old FactSet software, some of it's also the increased use of cognitive computing to highlight some of those things for our clients.  So this is an area that we're excited about. It's scenario -- if the market I think where we have some tailwinds and one that we're just going to continue to invest in.
Phil Snow: So Truvalue, was one of the first ESG providers to leverage the machine learning and artificial intelligence in its collection process. So I would say it's more on the quantitative side Mario. So what the product does is it comes through unstructured text and looks for signals within that unstructured test using cognitive computing. So this -- which we're very excited about. So it was kind of a two part acquisition. It wasn't just the ESG signals that Truvalue was creating, it was the technology that they also were using. And this is technology we believe we can apply to other parts of our business.
Phil Snow: Hi, David, it's Phil. Few months ago there were certainly a few clients that we spoke to that anticipated they were going to have some difficulty moving forward. So there were a couple of cases where we dealt with some of our clients to do what FactSet does best during these periods, which is really think about the long-term relationship, understand what our clients are going through, and in some cases, adjust for that. So typically it will end up being a win-win for some shorter term concessions or conversations. We’ll also negotiate in terms of what that means for the longer term relationship. And that worked exceptionally well for us, over the last 20 years when clients are going through these types of issues.  As I mentioned in the script, I think there's a lot more conviction in the markets now and a lot less uncertainty for all of us as we enter calendar year 2021. So I don't anticipate that we'll be having many more of those conversations.
Phil Snow: I believe it's going to be a relatively normal year. Just going back to the comments I made, when -- around Toni's question is the clients are looking to consolidate their technology and data into a lower number of providers. And in some cases that may -- and that may be the lowest span for them as they face their cost pressures. But even in those cases, we are well-positioned to take market share. So when you sit down with a client and you're able to provide a holistic solution for them over the longer term, that can end up being a win-win if they can see ways to be more efficient and we can see ways to help them for the long run and improve the amounts of wallet share that they spend with us that's good for both the client and FactSet.
Phil Snow: There'll be more demand. So whether it's a third party, that we're able to integrate through the marketplace or through the workstation, or if there are other assets out there that makes sense for us to own directly we'll look at that. But I think you're right, that's the trend and we anticipate. We'll have more of it on Fact. And that's one of the beauties of our platform is that, people love the concordance and the fact that they can come into one environment and get everything in one place and apply software to those different contents.
Phil Snow: Sure. So hopefully, you can hear me above the ambulances that are outside my window, right now. The -- so yeah, those are relative numbers to last year Shlomo. So we're I think we're minus 7 and last year, we might have been minus 3 for Q1. So the research numbers were down, they typically are in Q1. You'll see some soon over there in terms of the banking relationships, because just the retention was higher than it was last year. We could see a little bit more weakness in analytics and wealth than we did in Q1 of last year. And CTS kind of held in there pretty well.  So again, it's a small quarter. Those are relative numbers in terms of what's affecting the growth rate. I think what we see as we look out for Q2, which is typically a much bigger quarter is probably going to be a better indication just from an -- from an absolute contribution standpoint, which of our businesses are going to be driving the rest of the growth in the first half.
Phil Snow: I believe, it would have been higher over the last six to nine months, just intuitively. Moving forward though, I think we're probably getting to equilibrium. It's easier to sell to smaller clients in a short-term environment as we learn how to operate. So I think some of the momentum, you're going to see probably in Q2 is related to research and CTS as a core workstation, and the feeds business. But as we look out for the rest of the year, we're learning how to interact with clients, as I mentioned, like that these blueprinting exercises, we were able to do those virtually. And typically, those are more analytics heavy, right, in terms of the workflow going from research all the way through the client reporting. So FactSet and our clients have been learning at the same time. And I do you think we're going to reach a nice equilibrium in terms of being able to effectively monetize some of the products that are more sophisticated and have a longer sales cycle.
Phil Snow: There were a couple of lumpier cancels in EMEA, Alex, I believe were hedge funds. Helen, I don't know if you've got any more detail on…
Phil Snow: We're about 15 months in Alex to this initiative. And we're very pleased with what we've been able to accomplish on the product side. So the team is fully built out. And we're well on our way to delivering two or three of those sectors in great detail. So where you're going to see that show up at the beginning is in the research numbers. So it's going to help with retention, particularly on the banking side. And over time, I believe it's going to help drive new adoption across all types of clients and we're also going to be able to monetize this data in feeds. So we'll be releasing pretty shortly, some deep sector feeds that would show up in the CTS number.
Phil Snow: George, I think I talked about that a little bit with Shlomo. So the sales cycle for our analytics suite, when we do the portfolio life cycle and sit down with a client to talk about their entire digital transformation, that can be a six month plus exercise, whereas the sales cycles for just deploying FactSet workstations or feeds are probably getting shorter, frankly, just because it's so much more efficient to do things virtually.
Phil Snow: We don't have visibility into client budgets exactly on what their -- the clients typically don't share that with us at that level of detail. So it's really hard for us to give you an accurate number.
Phil Snow: I think those are typically smaller clients that we sell, George. So those are I think typically with a smaller client, they're able to make a decision more quickly. And on the corporate side, I think typically we've seen that sale cycle to be pretty short again, because it's going to be a workstation type deal rather than a broad analytics conversation that we might have with an asset owner or an asset manager.
Phil Snow: Well, this is just a continuation of the last few decades. So FactSet has a lot of proprietary data that we collect ourselves and half of our employees are in the business of collecting or engineering the collection of content. So Truvalue is really very small compared to the overall content budget or strategy that we have. It's a very good indication of something that we can act on. That's where the current trends. But it's going to be like it's been for the last 10 or 20 years in terms of us integrating more and more data onto our platform, either through third parties, through data that we collect ourselves organically or through acquisitions. But it's hard to draw any real conclusions from such a small acquisition.
Phil Snow: Well, it's an asset that we're very excited about. I think you've got the number right, and it's one that's growing in very healthy double digits. So we think we can -- like some of the unique content that we've acquired over the years, the Revere Data set was a good example. We believe we can get a really amplified return for unique content like this if you integrate it through the FactSet platform. ESG is going to be a big trend. We believe that's going to continue, so we'll keep our eye out for other things that we believe it's important for us to own. But more importantly, we want to be that platform where people come to analyze the data if they want to not just get it through a feed or an API examine for example, but apply what FactSet does really well which is concur the data together and provide an environment where clients can really analyze the data the way that they wanted it. 
Phil Snow: Thank you all for joining us today. I'm encouraged by the conversations we're having with our largest clients and the continued progress our team has made on our investment plan. I look forward to executing on a robust pipeline and to continuing to help our clients solve problems and access critical data anytime anywhere. While the prolonged uncertainty makes our annual performances it has been in the past a tale of two halves. We remain focused on developing our content, technology and people as well as delivering value for our shareholders. Please be well this holiday season and if you have any additional questions call Rima Hyder. We look forward to speaking to you next quarter. Operator, that ends today's call.
