Phil Hadley: It's -- would be really difficult for us to know the exact answer to that but I think the answer we feel internally is both, when we’re looking at the win losses for client this year, this last past quarter, we definitely won more clients and also didn't lose as many clients. I think we felt the same way when it came to seats and the number of users we had and the client base. So all-in-all it was just a very strong, broad based quarter for ASV growth. 
Phil Hadley: I think the only -- we didn't point out it as a drag on margins, Shlomo. We just pointed out in terms of organic ASV growth rate. As soon as we’ve owned it for a year we will stop pointing out in terms of organic ASV growth rate.
Phil Hadley: We have organic. Organic can't be guided down. We’ll have to check some numbers, Peter will make sure we have it. But organic wouldn't be -- the guidance wouldn't show organic [deceleration] [ph].
Phil Hadley: So, I mean I would say the way that I have answered the question and the way we would continue to answer is we definitely see our end markets firming and our relative market position improving as well. So all of our metrics, the ASV seats and clients would generally be headed in the right direction. First quarter sometime is a clean-up quarter for the big sell-side clients. So seats could be, I don't really know -- I honestly don't know, I haven't seen a forecast for the first quarter but it wouldn't be material in the ASV side.
Phil Hadley: GAAP accounting has SG&A, and internally we’re 100% operating margin so I couldn't answer that question. 
Phil Hadley: Hi, it's Phil Hadley. We historically approach the corporate market via our partners. And we have several partners that sell into that market. And it's been our historic strategy primarily to allow us to focus on the financial professionals in the institutional market buy and sell-side. It's worked very well for us. So we have substantial revenue coming from that opportunity. And we continue to decide whether it's something we want actually put our direct sales force on, but at this point it's not something that is the best next opportunity for us. 
Phil Hadley: Actually I think the capital market activity helps us our buy and sell-side client base particularly corporate finance. The equity research department and buy-side certainly is far more correlated to the overall equity -- health of the equity market. So certainly that helps us. But as a percentage of our total business and how much of it actually creates data on the sell-side corporate finance be certainly helpful. But I also feel like we are gaining on a share value part of the profit, the product team has done an outstanding job continue here reinvest in our product. And I think our competitive position is continued to expand both in content and in work flow on our platform. 
Phil Hadley: Price has not been a tool that FactSet has used as a form of growth. We have taken modest inflationary price over the last several years. Certainly if my comments are true and we feel our relative competitive position is there, the price will potentially be available to it. But quite frankly I would rather gain share and expand our opportunity as opposed to using price as a mechanism for growth
Phil Hadley: I am sure the answer is both. If you are just taking market opportunity in headcount, the corporate finance department typical firm and I pick a round number probably three times the headcount of an equity research department just in round term. We do have opportunities also in sales and trading which would be entirely separate workflow that has been successful for us. I think we feel like the opportunity is still expanding for us.
Phil Hadley: I think that's our split and what we think the market place looks like inside of a typical big sell-side firm, to somebody disagree round enough to get--
Phil Hadley: Hi, Tony. It's Phil. We certainly plan for flat margins and we probably continue to reinvest in the headcount that Peter was talking about to improve our competitive position in the market place.
Phil Hadley: I don't think we break that out. But I think we had a very good fourth quarter in our feed business. So we delivered to clients both raw data feed as a content we collect as well as some good derived data that we might massage out of that based on the clients' need. So we can touch a lot of different parts of the organization there. We can touch performance systems; we can touch the quantitative work flows which can compliance, if a client is building a portal with all kinds of interesting ways the clients want to use our data. 
Phil Hadley: I am just trying to think of the last couple being Matrix, Revere, Street account; we would have given you the initial headcount or the initial client count change which wasn't that material. I am recalling maybe 30 or 40 but not a big number. But then going forward because there is so much overlap in our businesses and that's part of the reason they make the strategic cut in an acquisition level, very little impact on the overall client count. And then just to be clear, our client count threshold for counting client is 24,000 U.S. so we have a huge list of clients who don't make that cut and some of those products, it blow that price point. But just to keep our metrics clean and people focused on the core of our client base we've chosen to have that be threshold.
Phil Hadley: I wouldn't -- we typically don't dissect ASV growth by month within a quarter. So I think I would say-- I would leave it with -- it was a very strong quarter throughout. 
Phil Hadley: Peter, as it was mentioned we are certainly very happy with Street account and what it's -- the value is deliver to our client. We won't breakout the future ASV and typically won't on any acquisitions as we go forward. Part of it because we can't. It becomes part of the product and part of the core terminal and you really don't have a direct number any more. But we are certainly pleased with the acquisition.
Phil Hadley: So always competitors in the market place, we feel very strongly that we've got the best parts in market place and haven't seen any competitive inroads into the work flow to Street account.
Phil Hadley: None of the acquisitions are material relative to the company. We just haven't bought anything big enough revenue stream to make any impact that is material at the company level. 
Phil Hadley: No. Everyone from our margin expanding because we can't send the money fast enough that would be good problem to have. But we got so many great product ideas that I think that we will continue to invest in business as we go forward. 
Phil Hadley: I don't really think our margin expanding contraction -- contracting the question was asked earlier about metrics being dilutive to margin. We have a very high class problem -- there are very few businesses out there that would actually be accretive to our margin so almost everything we buy is get lower margin than we do. And therefore it ultimately dilutive to margins. I kind of look at really at the EPS level. So, our goal is to drive EPS that's something greater than the organic revenue growth. And as you can see from history, we've been pretty successful at that. 
Phil Hadley: I think we are doing a great job of addressing the goal of pushing out our functionality and content across multi platforms. So whether it's the traditional FactSet desktop, mobile, data feed. We are here and ready to meet the needs of our clients and give them our high quality data and analytics anyway they want to consume.
Phil Snow: Hi, Shlomo, it's Phil Snow. So we saw a very healthy mix of new client wins this quarter across traditional asset management, hedge funds, wealth, broker dealers as well as some other types of funds that we sell to. The qualities of wins are very high, so these weren’t just new firms getting created. These were firms that we - where we took relative market share away from our competitors. And what's really great about getting new clients like there is so many of them. Is it really lays down the foundation for us to cross-sell our products across the existing users and new groups and departments within those as well.
Phil Snow: Hi, it's Phil Snow again. So I think we’ve said for a few quarters now that we've seen good activity at the middle tier firms. This quarter we definitely saw positive uptick in a number of workstations that we were catering on the bigger firms. Now I’ll let Mike answer the question about corporate finance versus equity research. 
Phil Snow: Certainly works for me. It's a little bit hard for us to disentangle it because so many of either enterprise deal, where we are selling to the organization and that organization has the ability to then deploy within research, within banking M&A credit, sales trading etcetera. So we view that entire segment is a very attractive segment. I mean every firms are built differently. It certainly have some firms that are more research focused versus than corporate finance focused. We certainly have firms that were boutiques who are 100% corporate finance no research. I would just kind of picking that as -- if we took the Top 10 big firms that historically isn't just what I would pick as a round number mix between that just a headcount available for selling a product like ours.
Phil Snow: On the wealth side is -- each one of the big competitors has been operating in the wealth space. As we do whenever we try to enter a new market, we are trying to come up with unique functionality. We do some unique things with wealth manager portfolio. No surprise is direct extension of our portfolio analytics functionality that is so powerful for our traditional, institutional asset management client. So lots of the opportunities that we are identifying are greenfield opportunities. And certainly competition from the likes of Thompson etcetera. 
Phil Snow: The combination of both. When you are talking about going into a workshop we have two potential solutions offer. We can offer broad based desktop deployment and that is typically a displacement situation. But there are areas within the wealth teams that have a need for all of these high powered analytics that FactSet delivers and they may have a very large spend on a few users. So it is the mix of both exploiting competitors as well as selling our traditional powerful analytics to well firms that as they become more sophisticated need the powerful tool. 
Peter Walsh: In the just completed fiscal year we were eligible for the tax credit for four months out of the 12 and so relative -- our effective tax rate is increasing or projected to increase in the next quarter relative to the just completed fiscal year because it would be expired for the entire year in fiscal 2015. 
Peter Walsh: Hi, Alex. This is Peter. From an FX perspective, roughly 98% of our revenues are billed in U.S. dollar. We do have some substantial expenses that we pay in both pounds, euros and also have big operations in Hyderabad and the Philippines. We from time to time hedge some of those expense exposures. Currently, we are un-hedged on both the pound and euro.
Peter Walsh: Hi, Toni. It's Peter. How are you? I don't think there is anything to really read into that percentage term. Headcount does have in flow from time to time. We were very excited with the acceleration in the second half sometimes headcount process needs to get adjusted. And there is a cycle of time to increase your headcount. So we are constantly looking at that making sure that we have the right go forward investment to accelerate growth. 
Peter Walsh: So thank you for that. Over -- I guess over the last 12 months we've generated free cash flow of just under $250 million and we have $136 million of cash on the balance sheet. So we feel like we have quite a bit of gun powder for capital allocation whether it's M&A or share repurchase and dividends. We've been more aggressive in repurchases because over the last 12 months just because it's just correlates with the amount of our M&A activity, so our M&A -- a process is very healthy, we are constantly out in the market place and we are often because of our position to really allocate capital aggressively, we often get calls from bankers for different opportunity so I think it will continue to --it would be reverse correlation between M&A and share repurchase because they are quite accretive given the interest rates are near zero.
Mike Frankenfield: Hey Alex, it’s Mike Frankenfield. As we’ve said in previous quarters, the competitive dynamic changes slowly quarter-to-quarter, even year-to-year. I think when we look at the wins that we are having as Phil or maybe Peter highlighted earlier, we compete not only against external competitors all the big names that you know, but a lot of the times we are competing against in-house systems. And I would say our execution on both of those fronts is very strong. We are doing well in the market place because our software development team continues to improve our product to add enhancement that our clients care about. And our sales force is very focused on new names and same store sales generation and they are executing well. 
Mike Frankenfield: Continue to make good progress in both of those areas. Our product adds significant value to the financial modeling process that occurs in both of those firms or both of those firm types.
Mike Frankenfield: This is Mike Frankenfield. We have a messaging product. It's doing well in the market place. We have a 10% open platform or willing and have federated with other chat program. Our main objective is to develop products and chat is no different that facilitate work flow within our clients. So, common use application is buy-side portfolio manager wanting to talk to the buy-side trader in the firm. Both users having a FactSet and been able to communicate over the FactSet platform is a way for them to gain efficiencies and improve communications. 
Mike Frankenfield: Hi, Dan, it's Mike Frankenfield. Europe actually did quite well in Q3. I think which are seen as a little bit of ASV that was pulled into that quarter from Q4. Certainly the macro environment is not strong in Europe as in the United States. But having said that we are still very optimistic about our prospectus in UK, in Europe and the rest of international. So I don't read too much into this quarter.
Mike Frankenfield: Andre, it's Mike. Certainly when we move into markets in Asia, markets in Europe there are always demand for local content. And FactSet looks ate each market opportunity and we assess having an investment we can make in local content. And in terms of the general functionality in the product, there is a lot of commonality around the globe in terms of what users want from software functionality, how they want their work flow improve. So we feel we just had a great platform that we can leverage around the world. And meet the needs of users everywhere.
