Philip A. Hadley: Shlomo, it's Phil. I'll take that question. I guess, when I look at our -- the public information that we provide for you, as an analyst, it's important for you to look at -- certainly, I've always emphasized gaining share in total ASV, gaining share in seats and clients is always important. And I think we had a very strong quarter when it came to gaining share in the marketplace. I think, when I was looking at the data in what we think of our traditional FactSet business, we gained share and had a higher win rate than we had in prior quarters. Just to clarify, one of the points you made, last year's quarter included $11.5 million, or somewhere about that, in acquisition ASV. So on a year-over-year basis, this was a much better quarter than last year. And then I would also go on to throw with that, that it's important to say that the mix was -- this year was more in our traditional business, the way you think of terminals in the buy and sell-side.
Philip A. Hadley: We wouldn't count anybody in the web products. So anybody subscribing to the StreetAccount isn't in our seat count. Count in total ASV, but not in -- as far as seat gains. So these are core workstations. The clients are -- and relationships, we have greater than 24,000, and then ASV is the total number.
Philip A. Hadley: Well, if you think about the pricing for our product, the revenue streams come in lots of different flavors. There's -- the first seats are more expensive than the marginal seats. Whether the seat's on the buy-side or whether it's on the sell-side dictates whether -- the product mix they might subscribe to. Traditionally, our sell-side business isn't anywhere near the revenue per seat that our buy-side, primarily because the analytics products are almost 100% purchased on the buy-side.
Philip A. Hadley: Yes. And I think that the important point, the same point I made last quarter, Shlomo, is that the way we're talking about the IM business includes Market Metrics and our off-platform business, and the comment I made earlier to answer your question, what you think of the traditional core business of FactSet, the Workstation to our core end users, did well this quarter.
Philip A. Hadley: So I guess I would characterize it, given the comments I've made, that the core business, sell-side, buy-side, accelerated this quarter.
Philip A. Hadley: Pete, it's Phil. It's a young product on the system. We've got a nice group of core clients who are deep into the product and giving us lots of feedback as to where we should be headed in the marketplace. But it's not a material product for us at this point.
Philip A. Hadley: The wealth space is definitely meeting our expectations. We -- when we think about wealth -- the segment of the marketplace we're really targeting is the high net worth managers, the wealth users who are, from a workflow perspective, operating very much like a traditional institutional asset manager and have a need for a lot more than just a simple news and quotes market screen. They need lots of the analytic effects it can provide, et cetera. We had several big wins in the quarter, and we continue to identify those opportunities in the marketplace and chip away at them.
Philip A. Hadley: You're always looking for excitement? It's -- just to remind everybody, our first and third quarter are kind of odd quarters for our clients to make decisions, and most of our revenue happens in the second and fourth. So it's never the quarter with a huge surprise in it. I think I'd go back, Peter, to the comments I made, and that I was actually very pleased with how we did in just the good old traditional seats and clients, and our win rate against the major players in the space. I don't think an opportunity goes by anymore that you run into a potential client or a client who's looking to expand their services, where they're not investigating Bloomberg, TR or S&P. So for us to gain, that means somebody else had to lose in those opportunities. And I think that's a real positive sign for the strength of our product in the marketplace.
Philip A. Hadley: The other parts of our business are lumpier in their nature. The data piece business is one that can be very lumpy, meaning if we can get a big redistribution deal or not. And then our Market Metrics business has had cycles to it as the new products come out. It's hot for a quarter and then not for 2 quarters or 3. And just so -- just putting more focus on what happened in the color this quarter.
Philip A. Hadley: When I look at what we're doing for the shareholders and go down to the core EPS growth for the year being 11-plus percent, I feel very good about what we're returning to the shareholders. And you've heard me say it many times, I don't -- not that I don't pay attention to the things about that, but I look at that as the drivers of shareholder value. And we'll continue to focus on that.
Philip A. Hadley: I'm 100% certain that I've never given a timeframe when I talked about doubling the business, but nice try.
Philip A. Hadley: No. It's not -- well, then your memory after 18 years of this, Peter is getting fuzzier or mine is, one of the 2 of us. But no, I really feel very strongly that we've got such a great opportunity in the marketplace. And if you -- though we may not be exciting as you pointed out, we march forward every year and continue to attack the marketplace. And I'm very proud of what our employees accomplished in the last year.
Philip A. Hadley: We certainly benefit when our client's revenues go up. But I do believe there's a lag between asset flows and then hiring more analysts or portfolio managers to manage those asset flows. And as many cycles as we've been through, it's very obvious to me that they're far more cautious coming out of this cycle, about putting on headcounts than they have historically. With that said, Mike did make a comment that there were signs of new class hiring in our larger clients, which bodes well for the future. And then certainly the sell-side surprises as well with net headcount hiring this summer. So both of those are positive, not huge relative to history, but certainly not negative.
Philip A. Hadley: It's something that came with it. Clearly, we were focused on the industry classification and the supplier relationships, and our ability to integrate that in our product. And the business they have there is very, very, very small.
Philip A. Hadley: It is a great question, Alex. I do think there are some in the industry that do it that way. For us, it doesn't come through with a pass-through and we don't count it as revenue or expense.
Philip A. Hadley: The primary reason we stop giving those metrics is because the PA suite is a suite of 10 products and it wasn't really giving the ASV a contribution direction that was helpful to the analyst community. And at this point, I think the best thing from our perspective, both a competitive and just ability to provide you with information that's useful, is just to give color on each call.
Philip A. Hadley: I'm sure we have that number. It's difficult to tell because in a big client, there's employees coming and going all the time, and who's a new hire and who's a replacement hire is -- it would be very difficult for us to come up with that number. It's really instinctual on our part that kind of tells us that a net-net, XYZ client actually grew and it felt like it was a share gain versus a new hire gain. But it was definitely a positive contributor this quarter. But as Mike kind of pointed out, I don't think it was a huge portion. I think most of what we've gained was really share.
Philip A. Hadley: Mike and I chuckle every year when we try and set up what we think is going to happen on the sell-side because it is really just a guess. And it's even a guess at a quarter-to-quarter basis. I would say go -- it's very easy to view that as a negative on our business. It's actually a great business for us and we do very well over the long period of time. It just has more cyclicality to it than the buy-side has had. And we've done very well in the last year. We've gained share in many of the segments of that market. So that team executed very well and finished the year strong. So I'm very proud of what we've accomplished.
Philip A. Hadley: I just want to close by putting a couple of thoughts in people's heads. I was kind of jotting down notes before this call. And it's -- one of the great things about this business is the breadth of which it comes in, which I apologize, but it's difficult from an analyst's perspective to tease out all the different pieces. But it's really the magic of this business, in that it's not tied to 1 client, it's not tied to 1 user class, it's not tied to 1 geography. It's really a very diverse business, which is one of the strengths of what we provide. I kind of jotted down really quickly. We sell our products through a Workstation, which everybody is very familiar with. But a huge portion of our client base consumes our products through Microsoft Office. Some consume it through feeds where the product work flows through mobile, through web, through e-mail and even some other choices, make it our revenue streams and value we can deliver to clients just continues to expand and be exciting. Who we sell to? We sell certainly to investment managers, investment banks, equity research. Sales and trading is certainly an exciting area for us. Shlomo asked about fixed income at the end and that's certainly an exciting area for us. But in addition to that, we're in the corporate space, via some redistribution. We sell to law firms, schools. We even redistribute some content and things through competitors, which may be surprising to many. But it's a great business that we're in and we're certainly excited about our future. But I just want everybody to be comfortable with the fact that we're not trying to be cagey in how we answer the questions. It's just one level, very simple, a subscription business. At another level, how we derive our revenue and the value we create for our clients is all over the place, and it's one of the magical things about the reason our business is able to march forward every year. So I want end by saying I was very proud of how we accomplished last year. I'm very comfortable that we gained share, and if you're looking at other players in our space, they didn't do as well as we did, and I'm certainly excited about our future. So thank you very much today and have a great day.
Michael D. Frankenfield: Another way to think about it, Shlomo, this is Mike, is that new users and new clients, when they come on, come on at a rate much lower than the average ASV per user and the average ASV per client.
Michael D. Frankenfield: If you're referring to the metric of average revenue per client, average revenue per seat, I don't track that. So I wouldn't know. But it's always a good thing when that actually goes down because it means we've got new client growth and new seat growth, which would always bring down that average.
Michael D. Frankenfield: It's still fairly muted. I would characterize the hiring that happened on the sell-side this quarter as certainly higher than our expectations, but certainly not anything exciting versus prior years. So it's -- I would characterize that as a small positive. We're seeing signs of headcount hiring in -- on the buy-side business, but again, very, very muted.
Michael D. Frankenfield: Pete, it's Mike. The international story remains fairly consistent. This year, we saw the slowdown in Continental Europe, although individual countries within Continental Europe certainly performed well, but if I was to characterize that entire region as one region, I would say, you saw the slowdown there. The U.K. market tends to very much mirror the United States. And I would say the fastest-growing part of our international operations is our Southeast Asia, Middle Eastern operations, which are small in aggregate ASV, but growing at a higher percentage.
Michael D. Frankenfield: We're in early stages of developing StreetAccount outside of the United States. It's exciting. I would say that the product development is ahead of where we are on the sales side. So the sales force is doing its best job to begin to establish some brand recognition internationally, to get the product out to users and gather the feedback so we can really measure how well we're doing. And we think we're doing quite well.
Michael D. Frankenfield: It's Mike. PA continues to be a, really a cornerstone product for us. As Peter described in his introductory comments, we think of PA as a suite of products. Whether it's equity PA, fixed income of PAs, SPAR, Publishing, the risk modules, all of these things are components that clients can pick and choose from to build as complete a solution as their workflow dictates. We saw a really, really good uptake in the risk side of things, in the Publisher side of things. So overall, that segment is continuing to do well. Clients are definitely interested only in the best solution. There are a lot of PA knock-offs in the marketplace. And I think what really what differentiates us is the breadth and completeness of our solution, which is definitely in demand by clients.
Michael D. Frankenfield: We are always -- we recognize that when a client first buys FactSet, it's a complex system that it takes time to integrate FactSet into the workflow, it takes time to replace existing workflows. And we're always interested in working with clients to offer them concessions, to help them bridge that gap between introducing FactSet and getting full value from the service. One slight change to our practices has been to use that same tactic to help clients bridge contractual obligations they may have with other competitors. So there has been, for us, a slight uptick in initial discounting. But in every case, our plan is and what we communicate with our clients, our new clients, is that as they approach a point where they're getting full value for the product, the discounts phase out and we're back to standardized pricing.
Michael D. Frankenfield: So I think there's 2 parts to answer that question. One is just the $25 million this year versus the organic $20 million last year, and using round numbers. It's certainly a better outcome in just total dollars. But as I pointed out that the mix of the $25 million is more in what you think of as our traditional business, which is the bulk of the business, and certainly the part where the greatest big, long-run opportunity is, and by far, the most important when you're thinking about our competitive positioning and whether we're gaining in share or losing share in that particular piece.
Michael D. Frankenfield: It's Mike. We continue to monitor the progress of Eikon. We've certainly seen it and we know what it's all about. The majority of Eikon that's out there in our clients, in our core clients, at least for the users that we touch in our clients,it's low. It appears that there's very little overlap. We know that Thomson's working hard to convert their legacy users and their legacy platforms to that new platform. But so far, it's not been a significant factor for us in the marketplace. We're going to continue to execute as we always have. We're going to continue to make the Portfolio Analytics suite as good as it can be. We're going to continue to build out fixed income. We're going to improve our research notes capability and our market displays. So our best strategy against any new emerging product is just to continue to execute on what we do very well ourselves.
Michael D. Frankenfield: Shlomo, the fixed income is another important component of the Portfolio Analytics suite. As I said in previous quarters, it gives us an opportunity to address new users within our existing firms. It gives us an opportunity to go to firms that previously were never candidates for FactSet because we just didn't have the asset coverage that they required. Overall business, I'm very, very optimistic about that segment of our business.
Michael D. Frankenfield: That's probably not the case. The user distribution is fairly evenly distributed amongst all the segments. Typically, when a -- when we're recognizing incremental fixed income ASV, it's providing a workflow solution that may involve just a few users or it might involve several users. So we're focused on the total ASV -- the total workflow solution and the total ASV as opposed to the individual users.
Peter G. Walsh: Shlomo, it's Peter. In terms of gross margin, the 2 significant factors this quarter would be the stock-based compensation expense for the performance options related to StreetAccount. And I think it's also factual that most of our -- a large percentage of our employee hiring is in the cost of services line. And that extends to employees who are in our content operations, software engineering and new consultants from college.
Peter G. Walsh: Shlomo, let me first start just by talking about methodology, and then I'll let Mike or Phil comment. With the dichotomy of the healthiness of the buy and sell-side over the year, we certainly recognize that that split has taken on a higher level of importance. And we did 2 things this quarter. One is we refined the calculation of the split to define IB as IB only and IM as our global IM business, plus our off-platform content sales plus Market Metrics. The second thing we did is we extended the decimal place out a digit, and we disclosed the quarterly history to allow for precise calculations for both ASV contribution and growth rates from each segment. So I think what you're using today is our most accurate view of that split.
Peter G. Walsh: Well, I think we honestly indicated that what the impact we expected on EPS to be in Q1 and also for the year. The Q1 EPS impact being $0.01 and $0.02 for the year I think indicates to us that we think that we can improve its profitability during -- over the next 4 quarters. Because it's not $0.04 for the year.
Peter G. Walsh: The -- in terms of the long term, if you believe the R&D tax credit will be reenacted, the midpoint of our guidance is the best rate to use in terms of a long-term tax rate. I will comment that the R&D tax credit has been in existence since 1981. And there's only been one year since that time that the credit was not reinstated, either on time or retroactively. The cadence of the renewals does play havoc with our consistency of EPS, often moving a recurring benefit into the one-time category. But if history repeats itself, since 1981, I think our ETR, our effective tax rate in the just-completed quarter is reflective of our ongoing long-term rate.
Peter G. Walsh: Pete, it's Peter. I think FX overall had a slight benefit on the cost line. Looking ahead, the pronounced changes for us is really in the dollar-rupee ratio. We did extend our hedge on the rupee, taking it out 2.5 years, looking ahead at 75% of our exposure. So we do that when we see an opportunity to lock in a forward savings. And we saw that opportunity present itself this quarter.
Peter G. Walsh: Alex, it's Peter. Quarterly amounts allocated to buybacks over the last 3 years has had a broad range. It's ranged from $15 million to $144 million and has averaged $58 million over that period. It's very -- operationally, it's very easy for us to assemble our board and ask for an increase in authorization if -- when we need to.
Peter G. Walsh: We did grant performance-based options in connection to the Revere acquisition to 2 key employees. But I wouldn't characterize the amount as material.
