Michael D. Frankenfield: Suzi, it's Mike Frankenfield. We haven't seen significant changes in the pricing environment. Certainly, clients are interested more than ever in optimizing their spend, making sure they get full value. But we've continued to build enhancements into core FactSet, and we've continued to release add-on applications that are selling quite well. Next quarter, we plan to do a modest price increase to the U.S. Investment Management business. And so far, we haven't seen any significant pushback on that price increase. We anticipate the amount of that increase will be similar in the aggregate to last year, and we'll be able to share the full results with you next quarter.
Michael D. Frankenfield: Peter, it's Mike. The big macro trend that's helping in the -- happening in the wealth space that I think plays right into FactSet's hands is the increasing sophistication and need for complex financial information systems. The level of sophistication is increasing both on the part of the managers and on the part of the clients. And we're really focused on the segment of the wealth community that is focused on the most sophisticated investors, the high-net worth -- the ultra high-net worth investors. These managers are operating almost identically to our core institutional asset managers. So it's a very logical product extension for us. We've made small tweaks to the product to -- trying to address specific workflows in that area, and the price points are marginally lower than our core FactSet Workstation. But we view the market as being very, very large, hundreds of thousands of users potentially. And I think we're in the early stages of going after that opportunity.
Michael D. Frankenfield: Historically, it's not been a segment that we've focused on, and it's really been in the last several years that we've begun to ramp up that opportunity. All the development we've done in the realtime space and the news space has really increased the appeal of the Workstation for that segment.
Michael D. Frankenfield: Shlomo, it's Mike. I think Peter summed it up really well in his opening comments when he spoke to our retention rate and the fact that we're doing a good job servicing our existing clients and our existing client base continues to find value in what we're doing. The first quarter is normally a slow quarter for us. Our sales force pushes pretty hard at the end of our fiscal year, which ends in August. And it's natural that there's a little bit of a let up in Q1. What we saw this quarter was strong client retention but a little bit of a slowdown in terms of new firm generation, a little bit of a slowdown in same-store sales. There's certainly pockets that are performing very well. You alluded to wealth. I would also point out our fixed income products, our risk products continued to perform well. Definitely, softness on the sell-side. You've seen headlines that reflect a lot of headcount reductions. Most of those headcount reductions don't directly affect the user groups and the workflows that FactSet's servicing. But having said that, there is not a lot of new higher creation going on in those firms and, as a result, not a lot of new ASV generation happening on that side of the business.
Michael D. Frankenfield: Outside of the U.S., we continue to see growth in the emerging economies in Asia Pacific. The historical contributors have been also the U.K. The continent as you would expect is not a significant growth area for us, but we continue to do a good job for our clients there. Outside the U.S., the information that we provide, it's more complicated. There's currencies, there's a greater interest in fixed income. And it's a good opportunity for us because the problems are more complex, and we can really help our clients add value by selling these very complicated problems.
Philip A. Hadley: Suzi, it's Phil. On the competitive environment, I think for us, we really see the [indiscernible], TR and S&P as the players in our space and the dynamic in the marketplace really hasn't changed in the last several years. Everybody's up there above scrapping hard for all the ASPs that they can create in the marketplace. It's certainly a choppy environment. But I think when I think about where we are and I guess the people continue to talk about deceleration, I think if you really look at it, we've actually flattened out. For me, the deceleration happened in the first quarter last year, and it takes a year for it to roll through GAAP revenues on a subscription model. And if you look at our ASV this year versus fourth quarter, we're at 7% this quarter, we were 7% last quarter. I think that's actually where the market currently is, and we'll wait and see as to how the year turns out.
Philip A. Hadley: We continue to invest heavily in our fixed income product. I don't think we've -- we certainly don't break out the revenue opportunity. But our fixed income product line continues to extend both on the content and the analytics area, and it's been an area of growth for us.
Philip A. Hadley: I can't really sincerely honestly answer this, Peter. I haven't the slightest idea because it's not a metric I have actually looked at. I think the revenue per password is really driven by just the mix of business that comes in. If we have a high user quarter relative to a high product quarter, then the revenue per password goes down. Wealth clients can certainly affect it. ID clients affect it dramatically. So it's just a whole bunch of different factors.
Philip A. Hadley: I'm really just -- as a metric, I'm leery to make a comment on it just because if I think about it, there are so many things in our password revenue that we have that have nothing to do with passwords. And we have a pretty good sized chunk of our business that is not password dependent.
Philip A. Hadley: I did. It's fair game. So if you take Market Metrics, the fee business and what I think of as off platform revenue for us, which wouldn't be core FactSet, it adds up to a pretty good number at this point. I'm not going to give you the hard number, but it's material.
Philip A. Hadley: Certainly for us, it's actually a thrill to be in a conversation with Bloomberg and to think that we're a threat for them and that they need a new creative port product to combat us in the marketplace. I think we're seeing tremendous success with our PA suite and it's certainly the premium product in the marketplace and is the premier solution for our clients. Are they in the marketplace with their port product? They're a huge company, they've got lots of sales people out there. They certainly do a lot -- they're out there poking around. And we certainly feel it, but I think it's one where we stay focused on where we sit in the marketplace and really haven't seen workflows move from our product to theirs.
Philip A. Hadley: So it's less than 5% of our total ASV. And it's a very choppy group of clients for us. I'd say, firm closure is the classic reason for client loss in that area. And it's certainly one where it is not a growth rate for us at this point and hasn't been for 5 years, but it's not material to our total ASV.
Philip A. Hadley: The goal of that pricing is certainly to make things simpler, make it easier for our clients to purchase our products. As I think I said last time, we really view it as an evolution of our pricing model not a wholesale change. We're definitely using it to help attract new clients, and it does simplify the purchase of FactSet. We continue to make progress with it, and we'll roll it out opportunistically in select markets.
Philip A. Hadley: I think the move for -- the move of assets around whether they're from equity to fixed or fixed to passive is something that's always happening in the marketplace. And we certainly look at those as opportunities for us. So there's been a reasonably large shift, if you look at the mutual fund flows from equities to fixed, obviously, we've been investing heavily in fixed income and get to participate in that asset class, and that's not historically where we've been. When it comes to ETFs and passive management, actually we have products that fit into that because, depending on how they're constructed, they certainly benefit FactSet. And I would say, the only other one that comes to mind when it comes to ETFs is it feels like that a portion of that ETF flow is coming from what you used to think as the financial adviser doing stock picking, puts his clients or her clients into ETFs instead of into stocks. So I think it's an opportunity.
Peter G. Walsh: I think the best way to think about organic growth rate is to look at the ASV growth rate. And if you say Q4 at 7% and Q1 at 7%, I think if you really focus on organic growth, that would be the number I'd focus on.
Peter G. Walsh: Shlomo, it's Peter. During the quarter, we repatriated cash back from the U.S. And when you do that, we have to recalculate our U.S. tax rate, and we were able to capture some additional deductions related to the amortization of intangibles and stock option expense specifically related to our U.K. operations.
Peter G. Walsh: Alex, it's Peter. Thanks for the question. I think, if you studied our pattern on buybacks over the last 3 years, you would see that it really does ebb and flow from quarter to quarter. The range over the last 3 years has been allocating somewhere between 15 million and 85 million. This quarter, we did -- we certainly were below the average of roughly 45 million over that 3-year period. We allocated 28 million. We look at capital allocation as a puzzle that we need to solve in order to maximize EPS accretion, and we continue to evaluate that puzzle all the time in terms of acquisitions, dividends and buybacks. And so we certainly are confident that given that interest rates are just about 0 that buybacks are very accretive for FactSet.
Alex Kramm: Just, I know there's been a couple of questions on the guidance already, the revenue guidance. I just wanted to flesh it out or try to flesh out a little bit more. When I look at your ASV number and I divide that by 4, I guess, I get to $212 million. Your guidance is $212 million to $215 million, I believe. I think historically, it's been -- the first quarter has seen a little bit more of a tick up. So just wondering what's going into the guidance. Is it a lot of the pricing increases that you expect there? Is it maybe a lower user growth than in previous years? Or maybe just talk about the -- that maybe there's a little bit of disconnect here.
Alex Kramm: All right. No, that's fair. While we're on ASV then just a quick housekeeping here, I guess. The international ASV number, if my numbers are right, actually declined sequentially. And I don't know if there was a big pull forward in the fourth quarter or something. So maybe you can just talk that a little bit on a quarter-over-quarter basis.
Alex Kramm: And then maybe lastly, I don't know if you break this out, but can you remind us or give us some color about in your buy-side clientele, how big hedge funds are? I mean, over the last week or so even, we heard about pretty high-profile hedge funds closures. Hedge funds, in total, I think haven't really done that well this year relative to long only. So maybe just put some color around how that group is doing, what you're expecting there, in particular, if maybe there's a little bit more redemptions coming in early next year.
Shlomo H. Rosenbaum: Okay. When I normalize for the StreetAccount acquisition, what it looks like on the ASV is that the sell-side ASV actually picked up a little bit sequentially. Is that and what you saw as a little bit more of a slowdown on organic basis on the buy-side, I'm wondering, is that just a vagary of I don't have the decimals as far out as you guys have, or is that actually what's going on.
Shlomo H. Rosenbaum: Okay. Usually when I hear repatriation, I hear about taxes going up but I didn't realize that, that's something that you can do to have your taxes go down.
Shlomo H. Rosenbaum: Okay. And the last housekeeping item, just the StreetAccount acquisition. Where did the weight on the margins come exactly from that? Was it at a gross margin side? Was it acquisition intangibles? I just wonder how to think about that.
