Phil Snow: Thanks, Joe. We were anticipating that might be the first question. So let me talk a little bit about the deal. We can’t give you the exact numbers. But what I can tell you is it’s an enterprise agreement. As you would expect for a client of that size and a commitment like this, it’s a multiyear deal and it includes a lot of desktops. We disclosed the number in the press release and it also includes some feeds that we’re providing them to go into their systems. What you should expect to see is us recognizing most of the ASV for this deal in the first half of the coming fiscal year.
Phil Snow: Hi, George. It’s Phil Snow. So we may be being a little bit conservative on our overall guidance. As I have mentioned on a lot of previous calls, we have pretty good visibility in halves of our fiscal year. There are a number of large deals that we’re still waiting for decisions on within the first half. Some of those are renewals. And I guess as we get closer to the end of the first half, we may be in a position to give you some revised guidance at that point. But we didn’t want to go out – we wanted to go out a little bit conservatively to start the year until we got more visibility on that.
Phil Snow: Absolutely. So we’re absolutely targeting 100 basis points of margin expansion which would get us to 32.3%. And I can talk a little bit about what we’re focused on there. One is just continued acquisition of the integration – to continue integration of the acquisitions we did. We feel that there’s some efficiencies we can get there. We’re looking at some of the larger parts of our business. We believe that there are some efficiencies there in terms of engineering content and so on. And Gene who’s the new CTO, he’s been looking at those areas. I think we’ve done a lot of work in the last half of fiscal '18. We were expecting to get a little bit more benefit from that in Q4, but you should see that flow through into the first half of fiscal year '19. And I’d like to sort of also remind people that halfway through FY '18 we sort of intentionally invested more in our business as a result of the U.S. tax reform. So we made some additional investments in risks. We also gave some compensation to our employees in certain locations for certain types of roles. And we did invest some money in the second half of last fiscal year for this BAML deal. So for a deal of this size, obviously, there’s a lot of work that goes into it from an engineering standpoint, but we also staffed up pretty aggressively to make sure that we’d be able to rollout to as many users as we’ve talked about in a way that we were comfortable with. So we’ve done that. That’s going to be a lot of work for us this year. But that is expense that we’ve made that we should get a payback from in the future.
Phil Snow: We haven’t modeled that far out, David. So thank you for the question and thank you for congratulating us on the deal. As we get more information as we get close, we’ll think about that. But I think we – the guidance we’ve given is for two years at this point. And if we decide to revise that, well of course we’ll let you know.
Phil Snow: Currently, we’re expecting continued strong growth from CPS. We’ve gotten tremendous feedback from the marketplace for the data exchange and the solutions exchange. And to remind everyone, the solutions exchange allows you to go into the open FactSet marketplace and begin testing and programming against the data in a hosted environment. So we’re seeing tremendous interest in that. We have a lot of very large firms globally testing this out and we believe we’ll begin to monetize this within fiscal year '19. But it’s still early days. We’re continuing to accelerate providers onto the platform and we’re very optimistic about what it means over a multiyear period.
Phil Snow: Hi, Bill. Thanks for the question. It’s Phil Snow. So yes, we had a very strong year in banking. A lot of it was driven in the second half by just seasonal hiring in the banking group. So we reported we added a significant number of desktops in Q4 and a lot of those were from our banking users. And I think some of this also stems from the additional focus that we have in our strategic client group. So we’ve talked about this a little bit but we’ve sort of organized our sales team in a way where we’ve got very high focus on our largest accounts both on the buy side and the sell side and I think that’s also kind of helped there.
Phil Snow: So I think in this case it really I think was a combination of the product that we have which is fantastic. We’ve put a lot of work into FactSet over the last few years. It’s not just for this wealth product but all of the work that we’ve done to modernize our platform and program things in HTML and have more of a Web look-and-feel for our product really helped drive this. A big piece of that was the Google-like search functionality that we have in FactSet which makes it very easy to use. It’s very easy to discover what’s on our platform. The second thing is really our people and our service. So we got some of the best feedback we’ve had for such a large deal in terms of going to all of these offices during the trial and I think it was the combination of those two things that really gave them the confidence to make what was a big decision for them to move.
Phil Snow: That’s a great question, Hamzah. Historically, we’ve not broken out other client types other than buy-side and sell-side. We have a lot of client types in the buy-side bucket. And we’ve done exceptionally well with insurance companies since we became more of a multi-asset class product. So our fixed income offering combined with our risk offering, which just continues to get better by leaps and bounds, that’s helped us in insurance. It’s a fast growing market segment for us. And we’ve been quietly growing our corporate business very quickly. So part of that is through great partnerships we have with other firms but we also sell directly into the corporate space. So these aren’t massive parts of FactSet today but to your point I think it opens up a good opportunity for us as a company as our product suite evolves. The other thing I’ll point to is our open strategy. So we’re unbundling our product in a way that is very compelling for the marketplace not just for large banks and asset managers, but we can now deliver pieces of FactSet in lots of different interesting ways which opens up opportunities for us at the big firms with the technology group, conversations that we wouldn’t have had a few years ago but I think it also opens up conversations for us with the types of firms that you just mentioned in your question.
Phil Snow: So I think we’ll continue to see some buy-side consolidation. I think some of what you saw in our European growth rates slowing a little bit this quarter had to do with two large consolidations that happened in Europe. So active managers continue to be under pressure for a number of reasons. They’re looking for efficiency. Some of that is combining forces to go after the market. So we’re here to help those clients, get them through an integration and hopefully build a good relationship and grow from there. But we don’t anticipate that it’s over. It’s something that we’ve been dealing with for a number of years now and feel like we’re getting better at in terms of providing more solutions to clients. So that’s part of our whole portfolio lifecycle. If someone is consolidating and we can provide solutions all the way across from research to client reporting, we feel like we have a good opportunity.
Phil Snow: I think we’re anticipating very similar growth rates for the coming year. We obviously are focused on growing all of these businesses and focused on having a strategy to grow each of them. And I think the way that we’ve organized now – as we’ve organized now as we’ve gotten bigger really gives us an opportunity to do that. But these are big numbers. They’ve got good momentum and I would expect to see similar growth rates for the coming year.
Phil Snow: Yes, so as I mentioned earlier on the call, we’re going to recognize most of the ASV for this deal in the first half of the coming fiscal year.
Phil Snow: We did book a little bit in Q4 but the majority of it is getting booked in the first half of 2019. You’ll see that in our Q1 and Q2 numbers.
Phil Snow: So over many years, absolutely. These are large deals. There’s a number of them out in the marketplace and I think for the reasons I’ve stated earlier in terms of our products and our people and our focus, it’s obviously something we’re focused on. This deal has gotten us a lot of good interest not just from the largest wealth managers globally but the wealth market in general. I think it has really put us on the map in a different way. So we do anticipate that this deal will help drive the wealth business moving forward. And we’ve put in a tremendous amount of work in FY '18 to get this deal. So it really accelerated frankly the development of our wealth product which means good things for every wealth manager.
Phil Snow: Hi, Greg. So there’s a wide spectrum. You saw us close a well over 150 new accounts in Q4 and some of those coming very quickly if they’re smaller. But yes, the larger deals – BAML is a great example, something like that can be well over a 12-month commitment in terms of going from RFP to a signed contract. And as our product gets more complicated, it can be longer. But I don’t have anything meaningful to give you in terms of what’s – nothing’s really materially changed in the last three to six months.
Phil Snow: So we continue to be opportunistic. We’re always interested in content. I think the open FactSet marketplace allows us to integrate content at a much faster rate than we have historically where FactSet doesn’t actually have to own their content. But we will look at unique content that we think we can monetize ourselves in a better way. We’re also looking at anything that’s interesting from a technology standpoint that might help us with our open strategy. We’re looking at some smaller stuff there. But beyond that we feel like we have a very good lineup in terms of what we need to deliver growth over the next few years.
Phil Snow: I think over the entire fiscal year, we probably captured somewhere between 1% and 2%, that’s typical and we don’t see that changing in FY '19. We think it’s pretty similar.
Phil Snow: So I’m not sure I caught all of that, but the wealth market is large. I think before we closed this current deal, I think we were sizing the ultra-high network market that we were going at to close to $0.5 billion. And I think the acquisition of FDSG which happened I think about a year and a half ago now and the work we’ve done here makes that a much bigger number. So we’ve got massive amounts of runway in terms of growing the wealth business.
Phil Snow: So as I mentioned earlier, Peter, we’re being conservative going into the first half just given that there are a number of large deals that we’re aware of that we don’t have full visibility on yet. If we – once we get through that I think we’ll be in a better position to give you some revised guidance potentially at the end of the second half – end of the first half, I apologize.
Phil Snow: Yes, so this is a new area for us. When we began to implement our own risk models, we began to generate a little bit of revenue from professional services. But a number of the acquisitions we did which were more workflow and software-based than content came with groups that have professional services. So it’s not a massive part of our business but we think it’s something that we can rationalize. And as we move forward and our product becomes multifaceted and requires longer implementation, it’s something that we want to kind of build up our competence around. So it is a bigger piece of what the sales force focuses on these days. Obviously, we want to incent and align properly with them. I believe we’ll still be breaking out professional services. So if you want to calculate the ASV growth rate the way that we’ve calculated it historically, you’ll still be able to do that.
Phil Snow: All right. Well, thank you everyone for joining us on the call today. If you have additional questions, please call Rima Hyder. We look forward to talking to you next quarter. Operator, that ends today’s call.
