Phil Hadley: Hi, Shlomo, this is Phil. I think probably the best way to describe it would be that the mix is very consistent with our client base so it didn't really change the percentage for the quarter and probably won't going forward as well.
Phil Hadley: I think we see an exciting cross-sell opportunity. I don't think at this point -- there is probably two ways to look at it. There is the user opportunity and the client opportunity. They have a much larger client base than we do. We didn't include it in our client metrics just because it would have skewed the client count and really until we get the metrics in line where we think that can be useful, we didn't include the numbers. But we didn't include the users as well. So, there is lots of clients for us to go sell and new relationships to build upon. And then there are additional users within our current clients as well that create a great opportunity for us.
Phil Hadley: Yeah, I think maybe I'll give some macro color and then turn it over to Mike. I think the macro, at least from what I saw this year, the market for us really reset, really in the first quarter. It obviously takes a whole year for it to flow through and that's why you continue to see deceleration throughout the year. But the deceleration really happened in one quarter, it was the beginning of last year. It hasn't really changed much. A little choppy. Hard to see what's going on in the future but we feel very comfortable about where we are and being able to build from here going forward as the comparable is getting easier. As far as what's going on in our client base, I guess as an observation, certainly the buy side is going to have a good year when it comes to the revenues. The opposite happened last fall when the market took a huge negative. And the sell-side, I think all of you are living it as well, certainly trading volumes are hard on the research side of the business and the big banks just really haven't figured out how to make as much money as they used to. So, there is definitely a lot of cost pressure in these firms. I think we are doing very well on a competitive adjusted basis. You see it in our client count and you see it in our user growth. And maybe I'll just turn it over to Mike for just more color at each of the groups’ level.
Phil Hadley: Related to the remaining, we typically hire from college into our consulting and software engineering groups. We had strong hiring this summer in those groups and we also did embellish our content operation. So, I would call it a mix among those two areas and the remaining.
Phil Hadley: You're correct. Its current focus has been primarily for the U.S., so they cover the major companies around the world. I think our focus definitely is to expand its coverage and make sure it matches what the needs of our global client base would be.
Phil Hadley: I think my comment was really just more relating to the Euro crisis last summer kind of reset the client base and what their buying patterns were. As far as predicting future password growth, you've been in the business of trying to predict FactSet's password growth for a long time, I am sure it is kind of frustrating. I think I'd fall in the same category. I really don't know how many are going to happen in a particular quarter and I think it really is because it's kind of a lumpy metric. We can have big clients who really move that number 500 or 1,000 at a time. We can have a whole bunch of new clients that really only add up to a couple of hundred.
Phil Hadley: I guess the thing I would describe or at least what I can feel is, it feels like the client base is in a stable environment at this point, if that makes any sense. And stable isn't necessarily good in some segments. The sell-side is very choppy firm to firm as to what's going on, and the buy side there is pocket of success and firms that are having difficulty. But you net it all out and it feels about like the year was very equal quarter-to-quarter as to what was going on in the client base.
Phil Hadley: It's got to be primarily skewed to existing because we've got so many client relationships and typical new clients are going to come on with less than 10 in most cases. So, it's hard for them to move the number and many of them would come on with few or two IDs.
Phil Hadley: Peter has been very consistent over the years in trying to describe that. I think if you think back the last couple of quarters, we’ve described it as -- we've certainly invested heavily in our content and that accelerated our headcount growth. And at this point we're really looking for headcount to be closer to ASV as we move forward.
Phil Hadley: The way we've always -- we’ve always focused on it. It moves up and down, but that's always been kind of the benchmark for us.
Phil Hadley: I think it stemmed from two things. We got lots of feedback that we were just confusing people because it wasn't what we've done historically. We gave the breakout in the back because some people do find it useful and it didn't seem like the Street was estimating based on that as well. So, it just seemed like it was confusing the world. But we plan to disclose all the data components as we go forward just so that people can derive whatever version of EPS they find most useful.
Phil Hadley: No, I don’t think the competitive environment has changed at all. Obviously, there is Bloomberg, TR and S&P in our space, and then some smaller players in various parts of our business. But who is in this space and how they behave hasn’t changed materially for quite a while.
Phil Hadley: I think if you look at client count and the user count, those are market share related. We continue to sell more applications into our client base and I think for clients to purchase more products for the same number of users, there is a little bit of tailwind there but I know Mike used that term, I'd like to have a tailwind they are a lot more fun. It doesn't feel like much of one yet but it doesn't feel like a headwind either.
Phil Hadley: Yeah, I think, when I look at the year I made the comment earlier, it really felt the same all year along. And just to remind everybody our quarters are, first and third are always lighter than second and fourth. And that's just really the part where a fiscal and our clients hire and the way clients make the decision, it’s just always been that way. So, first quarter is one of those numbers I really never know what ASV is going to be in the first quarter because sometimes fourth quarter gets pulled forward or backward and it’s a weird time for clients to make decisions before the calendar year-end. And then as we head into Q2 it’s got the price increase, it’s got year-end decisions, it’s all kinds of things tend to line up in Q2 and then Q3 is again one of those middle quarters.
Phil Hadley: I think you're referring to Bloomberg's [fourth] product and they are not the only one in this space. They can do attribution, so there are other ways to get attribution done. But I think if you really take the whole suite of what we’re doing and you see the solution we are from providing from a client's perspective, we continue to do very, very well in that space.
Phil Hadley: We have 1 million coming off as well. It's about net; flat from what it was before. Yeah, I think, Peter, it ends up being flat because we had some others that we're rolling off.
Mike Frankenfield: Great. Thanks, Phil. Certainly on the sell-side we saw very much of a flattish year. The fourth quarter was similar to the way most of the year has been. In the biggest clients, in the fourth quarter we had a mix of some really good wins and one or two clients that we went backwards on. The good news about the biggest clients going forward is that we had good visibility into the agreement out one, two, three years in some cases. So, we feel like we've got a great base established amongst the whole (inaudible) clients which gives us opportunities to sell into new user groups within those firms, new departments. We have small penetration among the senior bankers, we have low penetration in areas like sales and trading, wealth management. So, we see good opportunities going forward. If you are looking at the client acquisition this quarter, we had a very positive quarter on the buy side and that happened in all geographies both in the U.S. and internationally. We think that's a combination of multiple factors. It is certainly a function of what we are doing to our product. Our content acquisition and growth of our content has taken a lot of friction out of the selling process. Our front end and UI combined with our iPad functionality is making it easier for FactSet to use and increasing the appeal to clients that want to purchase the product. And no doubt that overall market indices are creating a little bit of a tailwind for us and we hope that continues to drive growth.
Mike Frankenfield: Fixed income is affecting us in a couple of ways. One is, it’s giving us great opportunities within our existing accounts to expand our presence and help our clients solve a very, very difficult problem that existed in our work flow. The second thing it’s doing is it’s creating Greenfield opportunities for us and allowing us to go after firms that we previously didn't have a solution at all for, firms that manage exclusively fixed income assets. It's still not a hugely material contributor though it is increasingly important. But we are very, very pleased with the progress that we are making.
Mike Frankenfield: Hey, Pete, it’s Mike. We have not begun those discussions with clients. We normally kick that process off in October. Our requirements are -- typically we have 90-day terms on price notifications. So that communication will be happening in, probably next week at this point.
Mike Frankenfield: It's really a broad-based effort, Peter. There is no question there is excellent creation going on in the U.S. There is new firm creation happening overseas. I would say the mix tilted this particular quarter a little bit more towards the U.S. than international. I don’t know if that's indicative of a longer term trend. One of the things we’ve worked hard on internally on my side is creating more sales professionals who are dedicated solely to acquiring new clients. We really feel that with all the work that’s been done on the product, we've got a great opportunity to accelerate, to find acquisition and having people dedicated solely to that effort we think will help us achieve those goals.
Mike Frankenfield: Hi, Suzi, it’s Mike. The iPad app continues to take FactSet in new and exciting directions. It allows users to be able to see more content in a very convenient way. The uptake is, I would say, medium at this point. It doesn't cost extra, but it certainly is a new app for people to include in the workflow and it always takes time to change peoples' workflow.
Mike Frankenfield: Hey, Matt, it’s Mike. International represents some exciting areas of growth for FactSet. We've expanded our sales presence aggressively over the last several years into Middle East, India, throughout Europe, etcetera, and we continue to see significant Greenfield opportunities out there. As our product matures and we add more content, more companies, more coverage around the world, it increases the addressable universe that we can go after. So, I would foresee that trend continuing.
Mike Frankenfield: I think, first of all, it's very consistent with the practices that they'd done in the past. They typically announce a price increase and implement it over a couple of years. It doesn't hit all of their users at once, so they have terminals under different contracts. Certainly the fact that they continue to push out the price umbrella gives FactSet opportunity for us to compete.
Mike Frankenfield: I perceive the appetite and the demand to be very, very high. The investment management process is getting more complicated, not less complicated. What is challenging from a sales perspective is getting clients to actually make a decision. The sales cycle has lengthened. Certainly, buy side firms, one of the trends we've seen over the last several years have become more organized in the way they purchase our products. And in a somewhat uncertain environment, individual purchasers don't want to be, they are risk-averse. They don't want to take a lot of risk and be the person that makes a mistake in their firm. So, we've gone through a period where there is quite a bit of focus on cost containment but I still perceive that demand for the product what our users want is very, very strong and we look forward to the purse strings loosening and being able to deliver that value.
Mike Frankenfield: So, for the past nine months or so we've been testing out pricing that allows a new client to come on board for $24,000, and for just incremental workstations at $12,000. We bundled in many of the content data sets and many of the add-on applications, but still not bundled in all of the premium products in the PA suite, etcetera. It's a long process to change pricing. We're really focused on new clients at this point and only implementing this price change in existing clients where it makes sense.
Mike Frankenfield: It’s certainly a mix of both. There are well established competitors in Europe and Asia and our product as it continues to improve, competes very, very effectively against many of the incumbents that are out there. But there is also lots of new firm creation and as users move from firm to firm they often times like to bring FactSet with them, and so that’s an equally good source of new client growth for us.
Peter Walsh: Hi, Suzi, it’s Peter. We don't have any explicit buyback assumptions for any future quarters. We certainly evaluate that decision every day. I mean if you look historically, our buyback activity has definitely fluctuated from quarter-to-quarter. Q4 was high for the fiscal year. I mean, it range from $66 million in Q4 to $15 million in a previous quarter in fiscal '12. So, it bounces all over a lot and we'll continue to evaluate and to optimize that capital allocation decision.
Peter Walsh: Hi, Bill. It’s Peter. In terms of headcount for our sales force, we've been consistently reinvesting in that headcount for the future and generally our sales force headcount is closely following our ASV growth. It definitely wanes from quarter-to-quarter but over a valid sample size that would certainly be the case.
Peter Walsh: I think the number you are pulling is out of the funds flow and that is what's publicly available today. I am sure there will be whatever details we feel comfortable with in the 10-Q.
Peter Walsh: We are making our own estimates in that calculation and that’s just based on the number of sell-side employees that go through our training program. And those employees are not always FactSet users, it’s really relates to the entire summer class. Sell-side banks don’t break up the classes into FactSet users and non-FactSet users, they train everyone together.
Peter Walsh: Hi, Jennifer, it’s Peter. When we're managing FactSet at the operating income level, we love to look at all our expenses and we’re looking to optimize particularly expenses that we pay to third parties. And we do the best we can in that area and we spend a lot of time on that. However, roughly 65% of our total expenses is compensation. And so it’s logical to think that if our total expenses go down, the compensation would also be a factor in that, and that could either be compensation to new employees or to existing employees.
