Scott Miller: Hi Hamzah, it’s Scott Miller. We haven’t seen significant shifts in the quarter. The themes that we have really seen over the last couple of quarters stayed true. It’s – there is some challenges in the market out there and that gets competitors trying to figure out how to mitigate cancellations and things like that, so we have seen a little more activity. But the themes haven’t really changed in the last couple of quarters.
Scott Miller: Hi Ashley, it’s Scott Miller. The international business is growing very well. It tends to be fairly diverse as it is in the U.S., in the Americas, in general. In Asia-Pac, we are – we have good workstation growth, but also great growth in our multi-asset class risk and analytics. And our fee business is doing very well throughout Asia-Pac as well and that’s echoed throughout EMEA. We get into some larger buy side markets like the UK market. We tend to see more coming in the portfolio analytics and spaces like that. But it’s fairly broad and it’s been consistent growth and we really like the international market.
Scott Miller: The U.S. market, the story for us was two fold. We had a record growth in new client acquisitions, so we brought on a bunch of brand new clients, which was terrific and that was across predominantly buy side, hedge fund, middle market buy side and the wealth area, but it was mixed with an increased cancellation rate that was what I would call market related. So, it was clients going out of business, hedge funds going out of business, some of the smaller buy side where they have been shedding employees. So, that was really the story was it was great growth sales, mixed with increased market related cancellation. But in general, we feel good about the Americas. We have got some terrific wins in both the sell side and the buy side space. So, we feel good about the pipeline in the future.
Scott Miller: Hi. It’s Scott, Greg. We definitely saw an increase in the quarter of the market-related cancellations in that buy side sector. It feels like the worst of it’s over and it feels like we have come through and I would talk to the sales force and look at the pipeline and get a sense of what they are feeling out there and it feels like it’s feeling healthier.
Scott Miller: Well, in general, our – we feel good about the product offering we have, the client base that we are going after. So, I am not sure where you want to see the detail. But in general, we feel good about the prospects that we have as we have throughout the year.
Scott Miller: I can’t read the markets, but we feel good about – certainly feel good about the prospects and the business, the new business and the add-on potential that we have across our current client base is still feeling very good. So, I wish I could read the markets, I can’t but I am feeling good about our overall prospects in general.
Scott Miller: The wins Shlomo, we saw them across a bunch of different client types end solutions. We had some terrific wins in the sell side space within research, both in terms of global banks and regional as well. We saw some really significant wins in the multi-asset class, analytics and risk space. And then from a user type perspective, wealth was very strong, saw some very good wins in that space. Our corporation sectors continue to do very well. And buy side research, we saw some great wins there too.
Scott Miller: Nothing that I would point out, Shlomo, it was fairly broad based. It was the typical competitors so that we go up against. But we definitely – we saw some strategic wins. I mentioned sell side research and the multi-asset class analytics. So there were some specific areas where we were really excited. But they were against the typical competitors we come up against.
Scott Miller: Sorry, I was going to add on. Patrick, from a cross-sell perspective, I am really excited about it. We had anticipated that our general sales force would be able to identify opportunities for Portware and we could leverage certain Portware clients to cross-sell our analytical solutions as well. And we are seeing that happening. So we are really excited about it.
Scott Miller: Hi Alex, it’s Scott. So my comment earlier that we haven’t seen a dramatic shift is that we have sort of been seeing this over the last six months or so, what I called a few quarters ago, a disruption in the competitor space. It’s still out there. We see it as an opportunity because it in many cases, gives us the chance to go and have additional conversations with our clients and it gives us a chance to go and showcase our solutions and prove our value until the cost of ownership and performance play that we have. Specific to S&P Capital IQ, it hasn’t really changed dramatically in the quarter. We see them in the investment banking space. That’s where we see them the most. And we have got terrific solutions in that space. So again not a big change in the competitor environment over the last quarters, it’s been consistent over the last couple of quarters.
Scott Miller: I will correct myself and say that I wasn’t predicting stability. It’s a choppy market out there. The positive aspects for us are what Phil had mentioned before. We have broad-based solutions, a broad-based client base and we have got – we have got the ongoing capability, which we have had over the previous quarters to go and sell into this market very well.
Scott Miller: It was an impact. I am not sure meaningful is the right word for it. It was an increased impact than we have seen in the last couple of quarters. So, it was one of the reasons why we pulled back a bit was there was some increase in the number of market-related cancellations.
Scott Miller: Yes, like many of the markets that we are playing in, the addressable market is great for us. It’s got lots of upside. We are relatively small and relatively in terms of some of the markets we play in. So, the upside potential is great. The wealth space, we are still focusing on the higher end of that market as we talked about in the past. Our solutions play wonderfully in there, because we can mix workstation with some analytics that play into the wealth space. Phil talked about ETF. It’s an important driver in that space for us as well as they look at both active strategies and trying to solve for passive as well. So, we are really well positioned in that space and we like it a lot.
Scott Miller: The win loss versus competition for us the way we track it was actually a little bit more positive in our favor than we have seen before.
Phil Snow: Hi Hamzah, it’s Phil Snow. So we like to think that most of our product is sticky. Our users really love us. It does – the fee business definitely tends to be a little bit stickier over time once you have it in there. But our portfolio analytics workflow and everything that we do for our clients, all the way from research through portfolio management, now trading, performance and risk and client reporting, we cover all of those things for our clients. So it’s the seamless connection of that workflow at the entire enterprise that makes FactSet such a compelling offering for our clients. It’s not individual kind of types of users or workflows. It’s the entire enterprise that’s using our system now.
Phil Snow: Okay. The thing to remember to is that we are relatively small compared to some of our competitors. We have an expanding product suite. And on a relative basis, we are doing exceptionally well. So, the way that we approach our clients in a tough market, it’s to our benefit. So, we feel that by getting closer to them, by continuing to provide a greater expanding suite of solutions that even if they are feeling pressure that we are going – we can succeed.
Phil Snow: It depends on the area. But as I mentioned in my opening, as it is Phil Snow, all each area grew in double-digits. Some pieces have been growing at 10%. Other pieces are closer to 20%. But that entire suite of add-on products is doing exceptionally well. And we are very pleased that we were able to add users this quarter, which expands our foundation. And if you look back at our history, as we expand our footprint, it really allows us to add on more and more of these value-added products over time.
Phil Snow: The impact was more from those market-related cancellations. The positive impact of a more challenging market is we have more conversations with our clients and we have got to help them solve for not only to all the cost of ownership, but better workflow and better performance. So, we are having some really great conversations out there. But that – the piece of the cancellation was much more market related than anything else.
Phil Snow: Hey, Toni, it’s Phil Snow. So, I kind of speak to that a little bit. So, since we opened Centers of Excellence in Manila and Hyderabad, we have been able to expand the capabilities that we have there in terms of the types of work we do. So, we are beginning to do more product and engineering-related activities on top of the great content collection that we already do there. So, some of the growth in hiring you are seeing is from those low cost locations. And we have so many great investment ideas for our product that we are really bullish about being able to use these centers to develop more products for our clients. Whether or not we will see the same level of growth in those areas this year, we are not sure. It really just depends on how aggressive we want to be about building out more products in those locations.
Phil Snow: Sure. I would be happy to do that. So, we have helped our clients with their passive workflows for sometime. The suite of products we have, particularly in analytics, with alpha-testing some of the risk capabilities in PA really allow clients to kind of research what would be a good strategy for ETF. And with the acquisition of ETF.com, we got the best-of-breed content out there for ETFs along with some great thought leadership. So, what we are finding now is that we can address a lot of different pieces of the ETF workflow. We can do ETF due diligence. We can help clients with ETF creation, ETF research. And of course, the PA suite allows you to compare, if you are an active manager, how are you doing versus passive or compare different passive strategies. We are also aggressively building out our ETF coverage in some of the holdings, but we are able to get those daily. We are really cleaning them. And that’s a product set that we are very excited about. Coming up for the future, we are very focused on the U.S. holdings right now, but we have a plan to expand that to international coverage. So, we are firing on all cylinders. It’s a good piece of our business and we see this shift going on in the marketplace. We feel uniquely positioned to help clients that either just want to do passive or want to do a combination of active and passive strategies.
Phil Snow: Yes. This is Phil Snow. So I will address the second question first there. Yes, we do see it as a validation of our strategy. Our – the Portware piece of FactSet is really addressing the high end of the market. So we are in the very largest asset managers, sovereigns and also sophisticated hedge funds. So that’s not a competitor that we have seen very much while Portware has been here and I think for many years prior to that. But I think it does point to the fact that it was an important piece of what we wanted to do. We just wanted to do it with a different client base at a different level.
Phil Snow: As we have said in previous quarters, that’s just not a metric. We even track ourselves, frankly. So it’s – our business is so broad based with different things. I think if you are following us by ASV per user, that’s – it’s something that we don’t track.
Phil Snow: Yes. Peter thank you for the question. We were definitely anticipating that. So we continued to look at our business and really think about the best way to measure and segment it. We are still doing some work on that. So at this point, we are really just going to I think stick to what we have done historically. I think we have indicated some really high growth rates for some of our add-on products. But at this point, we are not really in the best position to break that out for you in any more detail.
Phil Snow: So we still see Peter great opportunity in both our core workstation product and all of the other value-added products that we have developed and integrated. So we are – there is still a ton of market share out there for us. Our clients are definitely facing some headwinds, the core client base that FactSet does address, but our expansion into multi-asset analytics, multi-asset class analytics, the fact that we now have almost every point in the investment life cycle for our largest investment and it just ticked off. But even if they are slowing down hiring or even negative in hiring and assets are flowing between different assets types so from active to passive, we still feel very uniquely positioned moving forward given the level of reinvestment in the business to grow every area of our business. It’s just going to differ quarter-to-quarter depending on what’s going on.
Phil Snow: The broader opportunity for us moving forward is within our largest clients today. So, yes, as clients consolidate and we have a broader suite of offerings across different workflows and asset classes, the biggest opportunity for us as a firm is to go in and replace our competitors’ products that are out there and address new workflows. If clients are building things themselves, which a lot of them are doing, that’s not necessarily a replacement. It’s just helping the client do things more efficiently and help things solve their problems, but the market that we are in really is one of replacing competitors. There is not a lot of workflows out there, now, where our clients want to pay 2x or 3x for duplicative services. So, that’s – we fit in that environment for a while. And again, we feel really well positioned to succeed in that type of environment given who we are as a company and the culture we have and how we work with our clients.
Phil Snow: So, we definitely – we have always reinvest in our sales force. Our sales force is a combination of hires right out of school as well as industry hires and that’s such an important piece of our business that we have multiple classes a year that come in globally and those consultants that we hire go on to become salespeople. They go on to become subject matter experts, product developers and so on. So, we continue to hire there and we continue to hire in every aspect of our business. I would say that for product and engineering and content, it was probably more tilted towards the lower cost locations this year than in previous years.
Phil Snow: There has been no dramatic shift in the – in who we are selling into in the European market and the types of solutions that are selling well there. There was a slight slowdown in the sales cycle in the UK when Brexit came out. People were sitting and sort of contemplating a little bit. We saw that and we see that picking up now. So, there was no dramatic change in the sales cycle. Our European business is doing great. Our international business in general is doing great and we see that continuing.
Phil Snow: Andre, it’s Phil Snow. Yes, to follow-up on that, our development teams have been working very closely together since we last spoke, working on the integration, being able to get from FactSet to Symphony and vice versa. So we can’t talk about when those APIs are going to be released. But the team has really accelerated its efforts. We are hearing that there is quite a bit of activity in the marketplace, but I wouldn’t anticipate that it’s going to have any meaningful impact on ASV or revenues for quite a while.
Phil Snow: That’s a great question. So we definitely, if you look at the net new fund flows, active versus passive, there has definitely been on out-flowing from active equity. So I would say that we have been feeling some of that pressure, particularly for the active managers that are underperforming. That’s definitely one aspect of it.
Phil Snow: So we are aggressively investing, particularly on the content side, having the highest quality content in that area is important. We feel like we already do and we just want to broaden that gap between ourselves and our competitors.
Maurizio Nicolelli: And just to answer your question on currency, we saw a little bit of benefit during the quarter in that our adjusted operating margin trended towards the upper end of our range. Going forward, you will still see our operating margin be within the range as we continue to reinvest within the business.
Maurizio Nicolelli: Yes, those are public numbers. So, we can get you more detail later if you need it, but we report these numbers every quarter.
Maurizio Nicolelli: Hi Shlomo, this is Maurizio. It’s really driven by the dollar base, so the cancellations are at the lower end of our total client base. So the dollars are smaller, so it still remains at the 95% level.
Maurizio Nicolelli: We have – that’s come up a lot in discussion. We have always shied away from doing so. We always want that capability to be able to have that ability to go borrow money if something significant comes along on the M&A front. So there is really no change in terms of our capital allocation right now.
Maurizio Nicolelli: Sure. Peter, it’s Maurizio. It’s – we had a few legal matters that were specific to the period that we reserved for during the period, which is really items that will really pertain specifically to Q4 that were just non-recurring or out of the ordinary.
Maurizio Nicolelli: Great question. Thank you. So, yes, we feel the potential is out there for us, as I just mentioned. So, it really – there is a lot of things going on within our client base. They are definitely feeling decompression. But again, we feel uniquely positioned to work with clients and take advantage of what’s going on in the market. So, we are not going to give out sort of future predictions about our growth rate, but FactSet is a great company. We have awesome people. We have great technology and product and we are really optimistic about the future.
Maurizio Nicolelli: We don’t give ASV by product line. Obviously, Portware started with $39 million and has done well in double-digit growth since we have purchased the company. On the adjusted margin, it still has a lower adjusted margin than FactSet, but it is becoming more and more profitable as each quarter goes along. It was breakeven to GAAP EPS this quarter and it was $0.04 accretive to adjusted EPS during the period.
