Peter G. Walsh: Good morning, Peter. How are you doing? So (inaudible) interesting you bring that one up, because it was definitely one of those that we are looking at before the call. And I think we’ve basically concluded that it was the first time really we’re directionally, it wasn’t the right answer from where the business really is. I think right now, my gauges are non-U.S. growth rate is probably a couple of hundred basis points greater than our U.S. growth rate. And in accounting level and the way we’ve been handling it, it has lot more to do with where the billing is occurring as opposed to where the revenue is actually occurring. And so the answer to your question, I think that the opportunity for us there is a higher growth rate organically than in the U.S. just because of market opportunity and growth in certain regions and currently it’s probably supporting that. We will refine those numbers in future periods to give greater color. 
Peter G. Walsh: The quick answer is it is the same vendor worldwide. Bloomberg, Thomson Reuters and S&P would be the three biggest that are out there worldwide market place. Certainly, market-by-market there are local competitors that exist and might provide narrow solutions, but typically not global solutions to our clients. 
Peter G. Walsh: I don’t think that number has moved. I mean relative to those totals I would say it’s exactly the same as it has been.Shlomo Rosenbaum – StifelNicolaus & Company: All right. Well, thank you very much guys.
Peter G. Walsh: I think we use the 6,000 number just because it’s a number that we feel comfortable identifying. But by definition as we expand our product line in different dimensions, the potential client count increases. Every work flow we change improves our opportunity to be able to sell it to a new client.Robert Riggs – William Blair & Company, LLC: Great, thank you.
Philip A. Hadley: Thanks for your question. In our hedging program I’ve certainly encouraged everyone to spend time looking at our queue in cases. We have really outlined very carefully what our exposures are for every currency. Philosophically but what we really hedged when we know that we can lock in again to give us confidence in allocating more capital to other expense areas like headcount. So if you went back and looked at our hedges or GDP hedges has completely rolled out and our year hedges scheduled to expire in this coming first quarter and so will be utilizing the same rates it would be available in today’s marketplace.
Philip A. Hadley: Peter this is Phil. I don’t think in the technology business we have ever done, it’s one of those where you we just finish the fiscal year is certainly part of (inaudible) we’re done we won, that’s just not the way the marketplace works. So on the content side of our business obviously we’ve had significant headcount growth and we will continue to invest in opportunities as we season in the marketplace, we compete against very large players in the space that have greater scale than we do. So it’s going to require a lot of investment from our part. On the other side of it, I think it’s materially changed the product in the marketplace and how we are able to sell it, we live for decades in partnership with our data suppliers, but in some times they were very direct competitors of ours and made selling very difficult. So having ownership of our own content has really free in the sales force to be able to provide a complete solution to our clients and made us much more effective in that respect. At the same time we are still a large supplier of third-party content through our system and OEB part of the business model. So in the chapter of where we are I am not sure where is level end, but there is still great opportunities for us as we go forward.
Philip A. Hadley: I’m not sure I could give you a key metric Peter. I know headcount is over half of our headcount at this point. But at the same time, for example when it comes to real-time exchanges, we invest a great deal at this point, loading real-time exchanges, which is really third-party content, that content reflecting being true with new speeds and so there is lots of content that continues to come on to the system, it’s not content that we create. So it’s really a combination in the value for our client.
Philip A. Hadley: Thanks Peter. I mean, I think in summary the short answer to the question is yes it’s most likely just slow, more consistent with our ASV growth rate. And that’s really the beauty of our ASV model that it provides us great visibility and time to adjust our investment rates quarterly, I mean if you look historically, it’s not unusual for our ASV to closely track on an [LTM] basis, our revenue six months into the future. And that’s importantly valuable since you know compensation represents 65% of our total costs. So far, our ASV growth rate change is substantially up or down, our focus on ASV will allow us to be thoughtful and calibrate our headcount plans to adjust the expense levels so that we can maintain our margins.
Philip A. Hadley: Well you certainly highlighted a high quality problem that we have and in summary, we have a $181 million in cash and you can double that amount if you add the free cash flow that we generate over the last 12 months that we have $360 million to think about. Our objective is really maximizing EPS and return from deploying that capital towards M&A opportunities, share buyback and dividends. We talked about the $261 million that we’ve returned this year through dividends and buybacks, because we’ve been quiet on the M&A front. And it's true that in Q4, we’re a little more aggressive on the share buyback primarily because our price declines significantly during the quarter. So in summary, capital allocation is a decision that we constantly revisit and we take very seriously, because it’s important for us to maximize the opportunity that’s in front of us.
Philip A. Hadley: I would concur with that. So the marketplace is – as the players in the space, they’re pretty consistent through the time and their behavior and how they act in the marketplace is also pretty consistent.
Philip A. Hadley: I think the metric that we gave over 50% of new clients, it wasn’t an increase relative to history just that’s obviously an interesting fact just because the portfolio as we’re certainly a positive contributor to our ASV growth – actually not a metric we track historically, so couldn’t even really give you the context over a long period of time, but one that I thought it was illustrative of (inaudible).
Philip A. Hadley: There’s the steady rate of new firm creation I think that’s reflected a little bit in our new client growth, there is also a regular amount of firm failure something – some of the volatility that’s going out in the marketplace that affecting everyone, but it especially affects the smaller firms, but the [facility] is very much the same as it is in the sell-side, we’re really just focusing on the factors that we can control, the PA suite that you just mentioned, it represents some very, very strong cross-selling opportunities for us, most client only subscribe to one or two of the products in that suite and we’re seeing great up tick in terms of the publishing product, fixed income, the SPAR et cetera.
Philip A. Hadley: I wish I could give you a straight answer. I think it really implies primarily to both sell-side firms will be very traditional and wanting contracts for the product. Buy-side less though they would probably fall more on the traditional fact that contract of 90-day [counter] clock.John Neff – Akre Capital Management, LLC: Great and then, second last question. I think mostly of your sort of market share gain probably coming primarily at the expense of Thomson Reuters and I was just wondering as you continue to improve the product and think about product development and the road map looking ahead multiple years, if you could just sort of talk about how you think about competing versus Thomson Reuters versus say a Bloomberg compare and contrast what do you feel like you need to do better in order to compete with Bloomberg versus the Thomson Reuters, just trying to get any kind of sense of how you think about that competition. Thank you.
Philip A. Hadley: We really spend our workflow trying to solve client problem, (inaudible) internal RPD product data base that fix in all client suggestions for our product and then it gives bundled by our product developers and eventually turn into a product. So we really spend our time try and solve client work flows and improve the workflows that we currently have. The side effect of that is we produce a competing product in the marketplace. So, don’t necessarily spend our time trying to pretend to be like Thomson Reuters or Bloomberg or S&P, we really focused on being FactSet and delivering more value to clients. The belief being that if our client uses our product more there is more value creation and ultimately, it will monetize itself that it gives us a competitive advantage in the future. And as we look forward, I think that we feel very good with the investments we’re making and allocating on the products side, the sales side and the content side of our business and we will deliver positive returns in the future.John Neff – Akre Capital Management, LLC:  Thanks very much.
Michael D. Frankenfield: Hi, Dave its, Mike Frankenfield. There is certainly a lot of press up there, but what we are experiencing isn’t new. We’ve seen this type of adjustments happened many times in our history of FactSet. Couple of points that I would like to point out about the sell-side as Peter mentioned in his opening remarks 18% of our ASV comes from the sell-side service comparatively small when you look at the total mix. Most of the headcount discussion that I think people are reading about doesn’t necessarily affect our user base, you should recall our user base is focused on the quarter finance analysts and primarily in equity research and that’s not necessarily the users that are being focused on in the press. We worked with our largest firms to put long term agreements in place and I feel like we are in a good place with our largest firms that have established good basis upon which we can fill and really a lot of our strategy now is going into these firms and finding new pockets of users. We have great opportunities amongst the senior bankers in departments like sales, trading and then we continue to drive an appeal of our product to attract more users. Really for us the key is to focus on our execution, delivering good product to our end users and continuing to focus on what we do best.
Michael D. Frankenfield: We certainly worked hard to put those types of agreements in place and the other thing I’ll point out is that the typical marginal cost of a user on the sell-side is much lower than the average workstation cost amongst the type of management client base and this is primarily because those users don’t subscribe to the analytics product. (Inaudible) we think those will affect us proportionately less than they would otherwise.
Michael D. Frankenfield: Hey, John its, Mike. Don’t have that statistic. You know, we typically work on agreements with our largest clients, agreements on a one-off basis to meet the particular configuration that they are trying to achieve with their user community.
Michael D. Frankenfield: The main thing we’re doing to extend our footprint is adding content and in particular, we’re making content improvements in terms of real-time quotes and real-time news. Those are in the history of FactSet competitively new initiatives and we’ve worked on for many years now, but they’re still new to our user community. So we’re working hard to push that product out into the marketplace. The natural by-product of doing that is that our existing users talk to other users within the firm, other potential users and we create add-on sales opportunities. We’re very, very small in that space. We don’t have any order execution capabilities though we’re partnering with several different [OMS] providers that provide that type of capability. So in summary, the opportunity is extremely large, much larger than our current business, but we’re in very, very early stages of moving that product out.
