Maurizio Nicolelli: So we don't break out information for our specific segments like that. I will tell you that, just in terms of its growth rate and also its margins, it's slightly below where the overall FactSet rate is today.
Maurizio Nicolelli: So, we'll have an 8-K filing that will have some pro forma information, and that will have that information in it.
Maurizio Nicolelli: So, our overall exposure on FX is about 182 million and that's what we had in our 10-Q at the end of Q2. Approximately a third of that is pounds, and we're already hedged on 50% of that. There is a benefit to us, but keep in mind, if we manage our margin to a very tight range, whether FX goes with us or against us. So the expectation that there's going to be a significant change to the operating margin, I would not be expecting that. There may be a slight uptick from there, but I would not be forecasting that going forward.
Maurizio Nicolelli: Alex, it's Maurizio. No, we have not factored any uncertainty from Brexit in our guidance. Our guidance is fairly clean and it is, you're correct, it is a little bit of a wider range, it is just to give a little bit more variability to our guidance. Historically, our guidance of only 4 million on revenues was fairly tight compared to other public companies. So we made a conscious decision to just widen it. If you look at the midpoint of that revenue range, we're still growing revenues organically by 9%.
Maurizio Nicolelli: Peter I said, there may be enough, I just didn't say there would be a significant uptick. It's not the day we walk - it won't affect the margin if the pound stays where it is today. I just didn't say it was going to be significant that's all.
Maurizio Nicolelli: Actually we don't give guidance on -- information on what it's done historically. A $10 million difference is really the 41 million that we bought at acquisition back in September. That would be opening ASV number was 41 million. And that's what you see on the quarterly basis of 10 million. It's done well for us, but we just don't break out the growth for that one area.
Maurizio Nicolelli: So we've increased the buyback by 165 million. We haven't broken out what exactly that net number is, obviously, it's just not a net number.
Phil Snow: Hi, Peter, it's Phil Snow. So I can talk a little bit about the shift to passive investment, it's certainly something that we all know is going on in the market. We continue to build capabilities to meet our clients' needs in this area. Our portfolio suite of products is very well-suited to analyze any type of asset, whether it's an active or a passive investment. We have invested in this space with ETF.com, which you saw that we purchased recently; and last quarter, that data was used by State Streets to launch the first FactSet branded ETF leveraging that data, the FactSet Innovative Technology Index. So, it's a trend that we're aware of. We know that our clients are under cost pressure just from a macro trend, and part of this is being driven by the shift from active to passive investments.
Phil Snow: Hey, Joe, it's Phil Snow. So, as I just highlighted a little bit on the previous question, we definitely see continued uncertainty in the market related to economic and political reasons. Clients run into some cost pressures, but we do believe this is that type of environment that FactSet is very well-suited to partner with our clients to sit down with them and help them through these times. We've done it a few times already. It's not new to us. And what I'd like to stress today is that it's important to understand that within our product suite, there's been an ongoing shift in the weight of our business, away from pure workstation to a broader suite of offerings. So workstation is still a hugely important piece of our business. It's the core of our business. We continue to reinvest in that aggressively, but the sophistication of the value-added applications and solutions outside of the workstation has been growing. So I think you should think of us as a solutions provider with workstation being one of those components. And if you break down the FactSet suite of products that's not directly tied to workstation, there are quite a few now. So within the analytic suite itself, we have risk and performance solutions that can be applied at the enterprise level, we have our portfolio services products which allows for reconciliation of portfolios and calculation of derived analytics, we have a great publishing business that we sell primarily to the buy-side, we have a whole research management solutions piece of our business now, which is a combination of the Code Red acquisition partners. So we have a lot of users on the buy-side and the sell-side that are research analysts or portfolio managers that are using FactSet, but it's not in the actual user count number that we are providing you, which is more of our core workstation. Of course, we have our CTS business, we have Portware, we have some very strong web offerings like StreetAccounts. So there is a growing suite of products that we offer to our clients, and we are beginning to be able to sell those at the enterprise level. So that's -- I think you did see the workstation and client count count come down, but we're able to partner with our clients for these larger enterprise solutions and sell them a lot more solutions than we were five or ten years ago.
Phil Snow: Hey, Joe, it's Phil Snow. So, for us, obviously it's adding to the uncertainty that's out there. But for us it's business as usual. We're going to continue to partner with our clients to help them through this period. The risk solutions that we have are very well-geared towards something like Brexit. And we also have this fantastic database called GeoRev, which allows you to really understand a firm's geographic exposure, not just where they're domiciled. And we've had a lot of inbound inquiries about that dataset. We've had them anyway, but there was a pick-up on that last week. And the weakening pound definitely doesn't hurt us because as you know, we bill in dollars in Europe, but we have an employee base there that, where the expenses are in pounds.
Phil Snow: Right. Yes, so I'm sorry for teasing you. But there's something that we haven't broken out. And, today, we're continuing to report the same numbers that we have. I will tell you, Shlomo, that you'll be pleased to hear that we have a new audio conferencing service. So hopefully you can hear the response to this question.
Phil Snow: Yes. I think that's a great way to think about it. If you go back ten years, and you think about how we were billing our clients, we would have base fees, we would have various database fees, and then we would add on workstations. So, the trend that you saw would be natural as clients were cancelling workstations on the margin. But you're right, in that, today, that we have these broader offerings. So if we're selling a fee that's a six-figure deal that's obviously going to raise the pro workstation metric if you just simply divide ASV by workstations.
Phil Snow: Well, I think Maurizio's given some Q4 guidance that indicates that we're positive about what we see in Q4, and you'll get some updated numbers on that once the Market Metrics acquisition -- or divestiture is completed.
Phil Snow: Alex, you'll know the hiring better than we will. So I should ask you the same question, but we're typically seeing obviously not a, no surprise, we are seeing some slowdown in grad hiring, we start to see that now. We start to ultimately take those orders now. So we're seeing a little bit of a slowdown there, but in general, you're right, fourth quarter is important, all of our quarters are important, but we see, again, we're feeling very good about our business, not only this quarter, but when we look mid to longer-term, we're feeling very, very good about the business.
Phil Snow: That's a great question, Peter. So in terms of margins, I think what we're faced with FactSet is more ideas than we know what can do. So if we do have higher margins on the feed business, we're going to take that and either reinvest it in more solutions for CTS or other pieces of our business. So I think you can continue to see kind of the same sort of consistency in our margin and as just continuing to reinvest in a business. The CTS suite has evolved. We have invested a lot in that over the last five to 10 years. It was primarily a custom business and it's just been an ongoing campaign really to take all of the content that we have on our system, make it standardize, put more analytics around it and then tie it all together in a way where it makes it really easy for clients to consume. We are working with a lot more outside partners now on solutions to get our data into different third party systems. So it's really doing great.
Phil Snow: I think your interaction is right there. Once you get a feed into a client, it ends up propagating into a lot of different systems. So it becomes difficult for clients to unravel it sometimes. So it does make it sticky. So we have a lot of momentum in this business. It's one of the fastest growing areas that we have and we're able to sell new solutions to the clients as well as in some cases replace existing solutions.
Phil Snow: Yes, there is a lot of good products out there outside of the workstation just like there are through the workstation. So I think it's a pretty similar exercise for us. It's really sitting down with the client understanding their workflow and partnering with them and showing them that we cannot just provide a great data and solutions to them, it's also providing good service around it. Just consider it in the feed space as well.
Phil Snow: It builds into an operating margin similar to the overall FactSet business. As we grow the business quarter-by-quarter, it's getting closer and closer to where we would like it to be as compared to the FactSet business.
Phil Snow: Hi Toni, it's Phil Snow. So when we acquired Market Metrics and Matrix great standalone businesses, we thought at the time there was potential to integrate it with the rest of the FactSet offering or suite. That just didn't happen overtime. So when we do acquisitions, I think we typically like to go through a one-plus-one equals more than two exercise and we are really on the buy side we are focused on making sure that we're filling in all the pieces of the investment lifecycle for our clients for that trade and building community between the buy side and the sell side with our research solutions. So that's really our primary focus on just that Market Metrics didn't really fit cleanly into that strategy.
Phil Snow: So we think our M&A strategy isn't going to differ too much from how it has historically. So if you look back at what we've done, we are typically looking for good workflow solutions that speak to the sort of the strategy that I just spoke about, as well as unique contents that we can leverage both through the workstation and through the feed business. So the acquisitions that we did of Revere and ETF have been exceptionally helpful to FactSet. We can continue to look out in the market for more opportunities like that.
Phil Snow: Hi, it's Phil Snow. So, no, we are not doing a broader analysis. We are happy with all of the assets that we have, and we are just going to continue with executing our strategy.
Phil Snow: I'd just say -- it's Phil Snow, just generally does then a lot of cost pressures. This is nothing new. This is thing we've known for years and years and years. And we've been continuing to execute in that environment. So I wouldn't say that it's any worse than it has been, and as both Scott and I have pointed out, as cost pressures come down on clients, regulatory fee pressure, it really opens the opportunity for us to sit down with the clients, have them lay out all of the different services that they get from other providers, and gives us an opportunity to help them, and because we are a trusted partner for our clients. We have been through this two or three times and each time it happens, we have more and more stepped off for them in these types of environments.
Phil Snow: When a firm shuts down, when a user has to leave a firm, ultimately when there is no longer someone there to use our service.
Phil Snow: Bill, I'll add on to that. It's Phil Snow that I believe this was the strongest quarter we've had from a Code Red standpoint, since the acquisition, it was a really strong quarter for us in the RMS space.
Phil Snow: All right. Thank you all for participating today and we hope to see a lot of you on Thursday of this week at Investor Day.
Scott Miller: Joe, hi, it's Scott. I'd categorize it for you without getting into the detailed numbers. The pick-up was in what I think of as the non-controllable. It's firms merging, going out of business, and a user no longer there. We did see a pick-up in that part of the cancellations. The more controllable, where someone is actually moving away from us was sort of flat in terms of trend. So that was the notable, that the market headwinds hit, but we expected that. We've been clearly all watching the market headwinds collectively, and we knew that there was going to be more pressure in that space.
Scott Miller: Hi Andre, it's Scott. There's a natural reaction on user count based on market headwinds. We've seen it historically. You get sell-sides that in many cases are retrenching sort of back to their core businesses and that takes some regional parts of their businesses out altogether and you lose some workstations. But I'll reiterate Phil's comments, we have such a phenomenal toolkit of solutions now for our clients, and yes, workstation is very important and it's an important piece of our puzzle but it's just one piece. And what we see out there now is certainly with all the volatility that's going on and the uncertainty our clients are looking to us even more to help them be smarter about their jobs and solve their problems and it just opens up so many more opportunities for us. So we feel good about in general.
Scott Miller: Probably the only one piece I'd add on to what we've talked about historically on the call, you know, multi-asset class is, is a really important piece for us and we're doing really well on that space. We have seen an uptick in just specifically the credit part of the market, we got some really neat solutions that originally we had devised for more of a multi-asset class approach that now on their own solve for the credit analyst very, very well and we've seen a pickup in that space.
Scott Miller: Patnaik, this is Scott. It depends. We have some different contract terms that are out there depending on the client. I can tell you that what we saw this quarter or what we're seeing right now, we saw probably the bulk of what's in our vision this quarter and it's already hit we've seen it settle. So we're not projecting as much as the non-controllable cancellation coming through in the coming quarters. I don't know if that answers your question but it varies contract to contract but we feel that we saw the bulk of the headwind already hit us.
Scott Miller: It's Scott again, so I mentioned earlier that we did see more of the, what I consider the sort of non-controllable cancellations out there, the mergers and closures both hedge fund, buy side sell side obviously as well. It's not easy out there we know that AUM is under pressure, fees are under pressure, it's real. The reality is that the more the pressure comes on the more our clients are looking for solutions that help them with TCO, help them with performance, help them with better efficiency. And so we're actually having more conversations now around potential opportunities because our clients are under pressure and looking for more help. So it's really where we shine with our consultative support. So, yes, it's challenging out there but the number of opportunities that we are facing right now is very encouraging.
Scott Miller: Yes, so typically again our contracts are somewhat different to some clients, but typically we have a 90-day cancellation clause, and so a lot of that was hitting in Q2 and so we saw the results of that in Q3. So the bulk of it, yes, I'm not saying there is no more cancellations coming, it's part of our business but the bulk of that uptick in that non-controllable portion we saw coming through towards end of Q2 and has hit in Q3.
Scott Miller: So, it's a bit of both. So, there is stuff that people have never used, it's some of our proprietary content that Phil talked about, our GeoRev and our Revere content for example, potentially moving from a in-house research management system to outsourcing to us. So, there is absolutely some new, but we are definitely picking up market share in many different areas. Our clients are doing more due diligence into their information technology, decision making, they're scrutinizing it even more on their side. There is disruption in the market out there in terms of certain offerings in the risk and analytics space and that opens the door for us as well. So, the number of conversations that we're having that are leading to opportunities are absolutely increasing.
Scott Miller: The wins, it's Scott; the wins are still in the fairly traditional places where Portware sells today. So it's in the buy side and have more volume and sophisticated trading requirements. So there hasn't been a dramatic shift in where the wins are coming. What's been really neat to see is our general sales force understanding the value proposition around Portware and FactSet integration and being able to position it well to that core client, but also outside of that core client, hedge funds, and different areas like that. So, we're really pleased with the integration from a sales perspective and obviously the integration from a product perspective is going very well. So we're really excited about it.
Scott Miller: The new business was off a little bit from our expectations, again, not surprising, just with decision-making slowing a little bit with what's going on in the market. And what I think of is as the organic growth within our current client base, the growth side of that was very healthy.
Scott Miller: Hey, Bill. It's Scott. They've had that solution for long time baked into the terminal. We feel really good about our research management solutions in general, both buy side and sell side. It's been a very strategic part of our overall workflow strategy with our acquisition of Code Red and our own IRN and RMS solutions now are working very well together. We feel really good about our capabilities in the space and we're actually leading in some of the regulatory areas with our solutions to solve some of the Reg problems in this space as well. So we feel great about our RMS business.
