Helen Shan: Hi. It's Helen. I will take it first. Thank you for your question. So I think there's a couple of things. One, when we talked about expansion in our margin, we accelerated and we were able to capture most of that, or actually all of that within a 1-year period. And as we look that, as Phil discussed, the ability to take what we view at a leadership position more quickly, in our view we are accelerating our margin -- our investments and from what is a longer time period into now. So that's why it's an incremental 1% that we're doing in each of the years. And we think afterwards that will bring us back to the level that we had given initially, which is more into the 33% plus area. So for us right now we're meeting what we committed to, which was to get through our 200 basis points improvement, we are accelerating that by investing more quickly.
Helen Shan: And I think that's an important point. We are not running the business simply to have a margin. We are running for both operating earnings growth. And what we want to do is drive top line growth and that’s what these investments are meant to do.
Helen Shan: So just kind of keep in mind based on the company performances that acceleration really does occur in '22. That’s our target.
Helen Shan: That’s a good question. I mean, what I was referring to is really even spend over the year, so across each of different years. I think quarter's will vary a bit depending on what it is that we're attacking. But you would see generally going probably across all four quarters.
Helen Shan: I think that's right. There might be some quarters where that is up or down depending on the particular investment. We will be managing this pretty tightly. So that will be part of the way that we have greater operational view of achieving it.
Helen Shan: Sure. I will make sure I will cover all that. So I think as we think about the productivity gains, it's fairly the same. What we think we captured 190 basis points this year, of which lets call it a 60-ish was from FX. We are not assuming any FX benefit next year, Toni, because we don't -- we are not in a business to trying to project FX. You could expect the rest to continue on. So really the rest of it quite frankly is -- and keeping in mind the investment we are making is on top of what we already have in play. We have been investing in as we talked about before, whether it's in deep sector or whether it was in the cloud, the movement to the cloud. So I would think that both from a productivity perspective, we should expect to see that come through the full point. The additional point is really is investment. In terms of CapEx, our CapEx this year was around $60 million and that would be essentially as things come off and on roughly the same going forward at least from what you see from FY '20.
Helen Shan: So I think probably that any details around that you can definitely follow-up with Rima. But broadly speaking, let me address your question which is that research would not have been on negative without professional services. Professional services spend is largely in the analytics part of our business as well as some in wealth, but we will not look at research as being impacted by that.
Helen Shan: Sure. Thanks for your question. Right now, we are looking to repurchase shares in line with how we've been doing in the past. So if you look at the last several years on average, it's around the $200 million to $300 million. So that's what we've assumed.
Helen Shan: Yes. Why don’t I take that one, Shlomo. Thanks for your question. So I think the way -- you're right, there are the headwinds out there. But you also see that we’ve a pretty big range back to the points that Phil had alluded to before, where there can be things that will drive us one way or the other. But yes, we do believe this is with the right time to be accelerating what we had plans in place already, but by accelerating into those investments, we can drive each of the different components as laid out on that slide to those particular growth rate. So, I think is put from our perspective, it's the investments that will help us get there.
Helen Shan: Yes, so I guess I'm thinking about ASV as the way to think about that a little bit. It's a little bit about the timing of when the ASV comes in as well. We are more back half loaded in general in our history as you I know works well and next year, we expect to see the same. We saw some of that even in this year, right, which is manifesting itself. So that's why you're seeing that phenomenon.
Helen Shan: Hi. This is Helen. I will take that one. Right now we -- so we showed client retention, we didn't show ASV this quarter. We are actually looking at ways of how we can provide better information among those fronts. So you will see that come back in the next quarter.
Helen Shan: No, it's actually in line, but we wanted to think about how we are defining that to provide you actually greater clarity. So that -- but I would not view that is having come down in any material way.
Helen Shan: Right. This is Helen and thanks for that question. So I think across both, it is primarily people and it is primarily our own people. So we will see -- there's -- in order to accelerate, we are using third-party for especially on the technology front, so that will come off and that's what you're going to see a bit when we see the productivity improvements in year three. So when we talked about some of that margin expansion that will be a piece of how we're going to realize that.
Helen Shan: If you think about how the content investments are really going to help all four businesses, as you alluded to going forward, if you're having more content that's clearly going to help CTS, it will help research, as we talk about retention, we saw some of that this year, which is how it gave us some greater confidence and why we think the execution will go well as we execute across both the deep sector as well as private.
Helen Shan: Yes. Thank you for your question. This is -- we started this movement starting back at the end of 2018. So it is a multi-year project. We are not necessarily here to give you the dollars around that, but we do expect pretty significant savings again more in the 2021 -- 2022 when we are able to really move and aim for a majority of our technology out -- technology to be in the public cloud. Security is definitely always key. It's top of mind for us. And part of the spend that we're doing in the next three years is to ensure that our security is in line exactly with all of the digital investments we are making.
Helen Shan: I think they're both. I mean, they are inextricably tied. Thank you for your question by the way. They are inextricably tied. So, yes, I think we have savings already built in as well, again, as we get the 2021. It will come from the ability for us to scale both on content again, as well as on the cloud shift and right now we've put a target out there. We obviously aim to do better, but I think we feel very comfortable that we can reach that it is not purely a top-line play.
Helen Shan: So I will definitely have you -- you can follow-up with Rima on details, but broadly speaking they are in line with how you've seen that delta in the past. So it's intangible amortization and some deferred revenue. Those have been two of the biggest thesis between that and then after that there are also other we anticipate some of the cost related transformation on that front as well.
Helen Shan: What's assumed in there is fairly similar to how we've recognized in the past about 1% to 2% of that or 1.5% that usually is price based.
Phil Snow: And hey, Manav, its Phil. I guess, I will add on a little bit to that in that. We believe we have a very healthy margin in our business. And I think -- I don’t know exactly which competitors you’re referring to, but many of them have very high-margin businesses with our segments within that portfolio. But the pieces of that businesses that are more comparable to FactSet, I believe that we're doing well again.
Phil Snow: Well, I think that’s our long-term plan. So with the investment that we are making, particularly in technology, that’s going to allow us to be more efficient. It's going to allow our clients to be more efficient. And when our clients are more efficient that should also drive our top line growth in terms of the products that they’re getting from us.
Phil Snow: Yes. So, our wealth business is really split into two pieces. Part of it is the digital solution that we acquired a couple of years ago and the rest of it is the FactSet wealth products, that we've evolved from workstation to web. So those have different growth characteristics. The piece that we believe will grow materially faster is on the heels of the big deal that we did this fiscal year. We have a very healthy pipeline in wealth. These are large deals that take a long time to evaluate and materialize, the clients have long contract. But we are very optimistic about the future for that part of our business.
Phil Snow: Yes. So the top line expectations for '22, we had in the slides. So what we laid out there David was that we believe we will exit 2022 with high single-digit top line growth. Within the analytics segment, that will be at high single-digit growth. CTS could be in the high teens to low 20s. Wealth we believe will be in the low teens, and research, we believe will be in low single-digit growth.
Phil Snow: Yes. Thanks, Ashish. This is Phil. So I think overall we wanted to be realistic in terms of our guidance for the midpoint given the continued pressure that we see on active managers and this is a little bit of a wider range of outcomes than we gave you last year. I think for us to hit the high-end of the guidance range, the one thing that could really drive us towards that is the wealth business. So we have quite a few large opportunities in the wealth pipeline that are significant that will be getting a decision on sometime in FY '20. Those are larger deals. It's pretty binary. You either get it or you don't. So those are the things that we think are probably giving us the greatest chance of coming towards the high-end.
Phil Snow: Yes. We are still -- I’m -- yes, sure. I’m still very pleased that we are adding clients. I think if you look at that we're adding clients across a number of different client types and we continue to add users across a number of workflows. So FactSet is gaining market share I think in terms of the people that have the product. I think what you're seeing there and the calculation is probably the long tail of smaller clients that we have and the churn that you see at the -- in the long tail of clients. We have well over 5,000 clients.
Phil Snow: Yes. So, thanks for the question, Alex. Yes, we believe we can get there. It is a tough environment. Our assumption is that it continues to be tough. When we look at the investments that we laid out for content and technology and how they apply to each piece of our business, we believe there is an opportunity to accelerate the growth rate for each one of them. There is also a lot that we have invested over the last few years in some of the acquisitions, getting those integrated, building our open FactSet marketplace, those are just beginning to bear fruit. So I think what you will begin to see as we move into '20, is a greater contribution, particularly with analytics, things like our portfolio management platform, our API program, the Vault product, which is a combination of the BISAM product that we acquired with PA. Those are really beginning to take hold and we saw a very good Q4 for analytics relative to Q4 of last year and an improvement in the pipeline moving forward. So, analytics was our biggest miss this year relative to what we thought we are going to do. I think you can see that the growth rate came down. But we believe strongly in this business. It really is the most differentiated part of FactSet in some ways. And that’s going to I think be positive. CTS is great. That the trends are at our backs there in the marketplace. Clients want data delivered in new ways. Today they really just get it in feeds from FactSet. Once we built an API program for CTS, that’s going to allow us to get more customers there. And as we continue to build more of our own content and integrate other people's content, we believe that CTS has a very long runway in terms of its growth rate. I already spoke about wealth and the investments that we’re making in research, particularly around private market content and deep sector strategy. We've already seen very positive reactions from our clients, particularly around deep sector. So all those things lead us to believe that we -- what we laid out, that view, is achievable in 2020.
Phil Snow: Yes, that’s a great question. Maybe we should have made that clear. So this is our organic thesis. We are looking at M&A. We decided to take a little bit of a break to get the software that we acquired integrated. And as I mentioned, I think we're there. It took a little bit longer than I had anticipated, but we are actively looking particularly at content investments that are out there. So when we look at deep sector, when we look at private markets, those are all a buy build partner strategy. So if there's stuff out there, that’s attractive to us. We will execute on it.
Phil Snow: Yes. Hey, Bill. It's Phil. Thanks for the question. So, yes, we realigned the sales force. We’ve moved the specialist back into the business lines, which has been very helpful. And we think that will really help us with analytics and CTS in particular in driving higher growth rates. We believe that some of the miss that we saw in analytics was related to the specialists not being more closely aligned with the businesses. So that’s already happened. We are also aligning sales and consulting in a way where we're going to I think have more of a focus on client retention for the consultants that support FactSet. So those are two things that we are positive about and we are also believe creating -- a team is dedicated to new business to focus on capturing new logos. So all of that's in flight and the sales team is excited. We just had a couple of very inspiring sales pick-off meetings in Americas and EMEA, and I can tell you from speaking to them personally, that there's a lot of energy and excitement about what we can achieve moving forward.
Phil Snow: Yes, so let me say deep sector strategy really what we mean is data that goes deeper for particular industries. So we made a small acquisition that we integrated last year for our banking, a data that's been very well received on the sell side and we are looking -- to look at eight or nine other industries over the next three years that we can integrate.
Phil Snow: Hi. It's Phil. I would say that's more broad based. We actually had a very positive year here in the U.K and the U.K team grew this market faster than the overall EMEA region.
Phil Snow: I think we’ve learned some things over the years, Shlomo. So we've had a lot of irons in the fire here at FactSet and the trends have been shifting over the last five years and we’ve been very consistent as you pointed out in your research report in terms of delivering double-digit EPS growth over the years. And I just sat down with the management team about six months ago; we took a very hard look at our business and decided that the best thing for our clients, our employees and our investors in the long-term was to make these bigger bets in content and particularly technology.
Phil Snow: Hey, Drew. It's Phil. So, yes, I wouldn't say that the volatility we've seen recently is anything more than we've experienced over the last number of years. So that is not I think superseding the other trends that we see out there in the marketplace.
Phil Snow: Yes. The U.S team -- I think we grew the U.S in mid single digits. We did have one large cancel in Q3 that may have affected the long-term growth rate there. But we believe there's a lot of opportunity in the U.S moving forward.
Phil Snow: The sales team is definitely focused on retention that will help, but we believe this will come from the investment that we're making. So we accelerated our research growth rate this year with some pretty small investments and we think the concentrated investments we're making again particularly in deep sector and private markets gives us an opportunity to move the needle with the biggest piece of our business, which is very exciting in terms of our overall long-term growth rate. If we can move research up a couple of 100 basis points that really helps us achieve our goals.
Phil Snow: Yes. CTS had a very good year. I mean, it continues to be our fastest growing segment. There was one large cancel, which I pointed out in Q3, on our last call, which affected that group in particular, and without that which really was an outlier, CTS would have grown in line with what they grew at in FY '18. So we feel very good about this business. The data exploration product that's in open FactSet is allowing clients to evaluate our content at a significantly higher rate than they used to and as we build out our platform, we believe that CTS continue to accelerate from the current rate that it's at.
Phil Snow: Yes. Hi, George. This is Phil. So why don't I start with analytics. So as I mentioned previously on the call, we're really beginning to see some of the benefits of the new programs within analytics. We had a couple of nice wins with our portfolio management platform and we crossed a significant milestone in terms of our APIs for analytics. So those are just two very good examples. Another one is wealth, which is again the integration of the official performance system with PA, that's beginning to get a lot of traction. And I would point out research, again, we did that small acquisition of some bank regulatory data that we integrated into FactSet, which is what we do exceptionally well. We've got a very positive response from the marketplace. So those are smaller numbers, but as they begin to get traction, we think there is a significant opportunity for them moving forward.
Phil Snow: Sure. So we continue to take market share from our Refinitiv. That 3% is not coming from FactSet. We see a big opportunity against them moving forward. And I think we are doing a great job with our competitors. Everyone is facing a tough environment, particularly in the front office and all the solutions we’ve are well positioned for our clients to allow us to take market share. That's an area where we are in, but we're not nearly as well penetrated as some of our competitors. So as they look to cut costs and we continue to improve our functionality we think there's a great opportunity.
Phil Snow: Good question. We are -- our assumptions are that we continue to operate in a tough environment. If there's a massive market correction or a serious recession, obviously that's going to impact not just FactSet, but all of us. And I am bullish about all of our businesses, so that different sizes that growing at different growth rates. I would say generally the opportunity for FactSet is to be an open platform. So currently CTS sort of paved the way for us in terms of creating an open platform. But as we build out our API program and each of our businesses then able to deliver the value to our clients in new and interesting ways that gives each of them a great opportunity to capture more market share.
Phil Snow: Yes. Analytics could be the biggest business line someday. It's already $0.5 billion and it's continued to be an important piece of our offering. Analytics for us is really the products that we built around client portfolios that are on FactSet. So thousands of clients trust FactSet to store their portfolios and we've built great functionality around those for our clients. So very often the analytics products can drive other products with them and we -- like I said earlier, it's a very well differentiated part of our product versus our competitors.
Phil Snow: Yes, I think we were -- we have plans for a bigger shift than we used to be. We wanted to make sure that we were thoughtful about this as we laid out a 3-year plan. And we are not satisfied growing in mid single digits. FactSet has always had a high top line growth rate and we believe that's the best way to create value for our clients, our employees and our investors. So six months is not a big period of time in the big scheme of things, and we are committed to this 3-year plan. We are excited about it. Our employees are excited about it and I look forward to seeing the results.
Phil Snow: Hey, it's Phil. So it was a little bit weaker. We certainly saw a few more cancels in terms of the number of clients that canceled as well as cancellations within the core client base, but it wasn't a material difference versus Q4 of last year.
Phil Snow: No, I think everyone is dealing with the same market environment; the mega-trends that are out there, we're all dealing with. None of us really compete completely with each other. We compete with parts of each of others businesses. So I think everyone is probably investing to be more multi-asset class, make sure that they deliver a superior technology solution to their clients. We believe that having an open platform and our approach is going to be the winning formula in the market.
Phil Snow: Yes, thank you. So I would really like to thank our clients and I would really like to thank all of the employees of FactSet. We’ve got a great management team and I want to give us a shout out to Helen. She's only been with us a year. It's hard to believe, but she's done a great job of really creating operational efficiency and really creating a strong balance sheet. I want to thank everyone for joining us on today's call. We are encouraged by the progress we've made this year and are confident in our plans for investment in long-term growth. As we look forward to 2020 and beyond, we are confident that the investments we are making today will strengthen our position in the industry and in doing so, create greater long-term value for all our stakeholders. If you have additional questions, please call Rima Hyder. We look forward to speaking to you next quarter. Operator, that ends today's call.
