Geoff Ribar: Thanks, Lip-Bu, and good afternoon, everyone. It has been an honor for me to serve as CFO of Cadence for the past five and a half years. I'm extremely grateful for the support of my colleagues and our talented extended team. I will work with Lip-Bu in the search process, and I am fully committed to ensuring a smooth transition and look forward to maintaining our strong momentum throughout the transition process. I'm confident that our strong CEO, executive team and finance team will continue to successfully execute on strategic initiatives and drive shareholder value, just as we have over these past five and a half years. Now moving onto our results, please note that the CFO Commentary that we posted on the investor section of our company website should be referenced in conjunction with both my remarks and the earnings press release issued today. As Lip-Bu discussed, Q1 was a good quarter in what remains a challenging environment. Innovative new products and strong execution continue to distinguish us in the market. Total revenue was $448 million, up 9% year-over-year. Non-GAAP operating margin was 26%, compared to 23% for Q1 2015. Timing of revenue and expenses contributed to a higher than expected margin for Q1. We are maintaining our revenue and margin outlook for the year. GAAP net income per share was $0.17. Non-GAAP net income per share was $0.28, up $0.22 over the year ago quarter. Operating cash flow was $83 million. Cash and short-term investments were $907 million, compared to $711 million at the end of Q4 2015. Recall, that in January, we entered a three-year $300 million term loan and drew $50 million on a revolving credit agreement. At quarter end, we had $700 million of debt outstanding. Approximately 45% of cash and short-term investments were in the U.S. at quarter end. DSOs were 32 days, down from 35 days in Q4. We repurchased 11.6 million shares of stock for $240 million, which represents a little less than 4% of shares outstanding. Before turning to our outlook, let me call your attention to the following items. As Lip-Bu mentioned, we believe Rocketick will help accelerate our innovation in functional verification to address the increasing challenges of system design complexity. This acquisition is expected to close in Q2, and is not expected to have a material impact on our 2016 financials. We have not disclosed the terms of the transaction. We undertook a restructuring during Q1 as part of our ongoing efforts to optimize resource allocation and operate the business efficiently and effectively. The restructuring charge was $14 million. Now let’s turn to our outlook. There are no changes to our fiscal 2016 outlook for bookings, revenue, operating margin, non-GAAP EPS or cash flow. We continue to expect bookings in the range of $2 billion to $2.1 billion, which equates to 8% growth at the midpoint. Revenue in the range of $1.79 billion to $1.84 billion should be a 7% growth at the midpoint. Non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 26%, GAAP EPS in the range of $0.71 to $0.81, non-GAAP EPS of $1.15 to $1.25 and operating cash flow in the range of $380 million to $420 million. For Q2, we expect revenue to be in the range of $445 million to $455 million, non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 25%, GAAP EPS in the range of $0.17 to $0.19 and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.27 to $0.29. Approximately 90% of revenue is expected to come from beginning backlog. You'll find guidance for additional items in the CFO commentary. So with that, Shannon, we will now take questions.
Geoff Ribar: So, we have -- I'll answer the second question first. We have $720 million left on the buyback for the remaining part of this year. As far as OpEx, yeah, in the first half of the year, you tend to have less vacation and more social security tax, those things roll off in the latter half of the year we continue to invest in key R&D people and key technical salespeople so that will counteract the other trend.
Geoff Ribar: Yes approximately similar. Because we have more shutdowns and less social security tax impact but more talented engineers and talented salespeople. 
Geoff Ribar: So, our fundamental purpose, of course, is to deliver great innovative products to our customers and when we do that we can capture value from our customers. We do folks on the quality of our deals and pricing but the key thing is we deliver value we'll get paid for it.
Geoff Ribar: Well, emulation like our hardware business, our emulation business is certainly lumpy like our IP business will be lumpy. What we've said as we've introduced and released the Z1 and started shipping and selling to Z1 is that we expect revenue to go up in a hardware business and margin to go up with the new product. And I think we're happy with that and you saw we had a record hardware quarter. So, we're doing quite well so far.
Geoff Ribar: Yes, it was planned as part of our guidance and certainly, we're trying to optimize our resource allocation between different parts of the business. So, yes.
Geoff Ribar: Obviously, I think both product lines were very strong and there is different purposes for each product and different customer needs, so people are going to buy what they need and are happy to sell me the ones.
Geoff Ribar: And in the numbers a little bit the digital revenue was up substantially quarter-over-quarter or year-over-year and some of that was a benefit from a completed contract in Q1 but generally our digital business has been quite strong. And the system inner connect business, I would take it as nothing more than a pause. We sometimes have fluctuations a little bit in revenue accounting due to MEAs or due in payable contract so we just view it as nothing more than a pause right now.
Geoff Ribar: I think it shows a lot of confidence for sure that we have these positions. We do tend to hire or concentrate or hire on technical positions in R&D and technical sales and you'll generally see most of those as being in that area. The restructuring is of course the concentrated efficiency and effectiveness of making sure we're using the resources where we need to use the resources. And of course, as you're well aware we are in a great place to work, very highly ranked and great pace to work and I think it's a good time for us to track talented people.
Geoff Ribar: No, we recognized revenue in a completed contract in Q1 and that drove the services revenue up uniquely in Q1.
Geoff Ribar: And the other thing is you need to realize is we introduced a product in late Q4 and look we talked about this being the fastest ramp for emulation platform we've had. I think those two things clearly show what we believe the cycle time is.
Geoff Ribar: I think the Q1 out performs it was largely related to the timing of revenue and expenses obviously between the quarter but we are expecting to hire as Jay asked in his question in both R&D and technical sales which will increase spending in later part of the year we're quite comfortable in maintaining our revenue and operating guidance for the year.
Geoff Ribar: So everything when we give guidance we always include everything we know at the time when we give guidance so obviously it's hard for us to comment specifically on that. As we said also when we were introducing the Z1 and talking about the Z1 coming out that we would see higher revenue this year and higher margins as a result of transferring to the Z1 platforms and of course know for sure hardware is a lumpy revenue piece for us along with IP.
Geoff Ribar: So I think that it's really the change in our focus as we said on the last call, we're focused on sustained scalable growth in a really concentrating on delivering that and I think more than anything else that's driving our business as we said we expect more modest growth this year than last year where it was as somebody said in the upper teens and long term we expect IP growth to be above corporate average.
Geoff Ribar: Yes, we're not going to comment on the details of our restructuring or number of positions impacted. Obviously, we focused on effectiveness and efficiency with the restructuring and obviously that have some impact on spending in the quarter.
Geoff Ribar: So the business is going to be lumpy obviously for emulation. Customers are going to buy the product when they need it based on their designs, so they weren't waiting, they were buying what they needed and they are going to continue buying what they need.
Lip-Bu Tan: Okay, so let me start. First of all I think as I mentioned, semiconductor business conditions remain challenging, little or no growth expecting for 2016 according to other various analyst reports. But clearly, in whereabouts position in terms of long-term growth opportunity, in terms of the mobile IoT vision, machine learning, and automotive related area so those will be driving some advanced note growth in system and IP. So, answer to your question clearly, we don't see any much changes, but actually we see a lot more design opportunity in terms of proliferating our tool and solution on various vertical markets and in terms of consolidation clearly last years a big consolidation year more than 100 billion consolidation was a major deal like of Avago Broadcom, Intel, Altera, and many others so we are mindful of the ongoing consolidation to our semiconductor conductor base. But meanwhile seeing that clearly I mentioned earlier about the opportunity we see and in terms of proliferating our new solutions and in terms of the long-term impact it's very hard to predict but we don't expect any material changes to our business and I think in the longer run with this consolidation may pose a challenge to the industry growth over the next few years.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah. So, let me try to answer your questions if I hear correctly. In the complexity in a time to market pressure is increasing tremendously especially in the advanced notes and a 14 and 16 and 10 and 7 and the mass cost is pretty high so first time pass is critical and so we see a tremendous growth into our emulation and also the growth in terms of full flow in the digital and custom mixed signal related. And then our relationship with the foundry partner become very critical and we mentioned we have a very deep partnership with the foundry partners that include TSMC, Samsung and many others and I think clearly all this relationship and also with our ARM IP, ecosystem are critical for the success. And so we continue to drive R&D efficiency and we continue to drive, Geoff mentioned, about the restructuring to drive more efficiency and we double triple down in the area and then also with some of the key customers support. And so we want to make sure that the customer design based on our two unsuccessful in implementing in the most advanced nodes.
Lip-Bu Tan: So let me start first and then Geoff can fill in. So clearly, we want to highlight that XP platform still continues to remain strong and Z1 is the best launch for us and is the Enterprise class and that extra throughput and very scalable and customers love it and we ship as we built and have been very well received and we are delighted with that. The combination of both that makes the quarter the best quarter ever and Geoff, you can expand more.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, Rich, I'm happy to highlight here. So clearly we are excited about that Pieter Vorenkamp joined us with his rich experience and highly qualified and to deliver the high quality and differentiating product as we drive the refinement of our IP strategy and focus on sustainable and scalable model going forward, and in terms of growth. And Pieter Vorenkamp, as I mentioned at the last job he had at the Broadcom, as a Senior VP Operation Engineering, and that itself in charge of not just the design, but also global worldwide manufacturing technology that includes all of the hardware program and then he personally now is a very strong in the analog RF related area. He is an inventor that actually holds more than a hundred issue and patent pending patterns in the US. So he is very accomplished innovator himself and so we are excited for him. And then as we kind of grow the business over 10% of revenue and right now it's about time to refine our IP strategy for the next part of growth, so we mentioned in the past, and moderate growth in 2015 and that already built into our guidance. Longer term, IP revenue grew expect to be above corporate average and that is our expectation in terms of growth so we are excited about the IP portfolio we have actually in the 10 silicon related area and the VPI related area bit strong for us and then now we also double down on some of the design IP and clearly he will bring some differentiating product going forward. And we have a couple successes. Clearly, we highlight this 5G baseband DSP win with leading mobile handset and also the spectrum and now we’re starting to move into some of this machine learning, vision processing, genomic sequencing and so that's a lot of great application Tensilica can be the key heart of the IP design platform the engine going forward. So I think we have some of the good asset portfolio and now we like to have a new leader and just saw the April 1st and now have time to refining his strategy as a new leader, new Sherriff on Board, so he will be refining and come up with the strategy going forward and we are excited about that.
Lip-Bu Tan: Jay, these are good questions and let me address one at a time. So first of all on the digital and sign off area, as you know, we revolutionized that whole digital flow with some of the new tool and I think you mentioned a couple of them and Innovus for the implementation placed in route Synthesis for Genus and we also have Tempus for sign off, Voltas for power, Quantus and Joules. And overall, we have been very good last year and now we are proliferating in the Q1 strong adoption and proliferation and for some of our full flow digital and sign off especially in the area of mobile, consumer, automotive and IOT related area. And so overall I think Q1, we mentioned in my script leading mobile chip Company adopting full flow digital sign of for the most demanding 10-nanometer projects with volume. And then Innovus I think I mentioned we have 15 new customers in Q1 and some of them is successful competing and we win; and Genus has 25 new customers so I mean that when I say new I mean that we are winning and Tempus 15, Voltas is 4, Quantus is 6 and Joules about 3. So we continue to proliferate nicely and cost very deep important partnership with the ecosystem IT SMC Samsung and RM and very critical in most of the advanced node 10 and 7-nanometer that will bring a success. And then beside the company I mentioned leading mobile chip company adopting for 10-nanometer, in fact today this morning we are now Toshiba adopting our Innovus implementation for production mobile memory control that achieved 16% area reduction and 25% power saving those are very remarkable in the real case topic because of the much better product and solution they look for.
Lip-Bu Tan: And on the PCP related area Q1 is overall solid quarter with number of good size renewal from both system and semiconductor company and we continue to expand our collaboration with TSMC on the integrated design flow from TSMC in the integrated fan out and call it info packaging technology and also I think we've clearly driven the foundry proven IC packaging and analysis solutions and then security that is for the power signal integrity analysis system level and we have a 2016 technology portfolio that improved the product creation time and then ends a PCP design analysis methodology for multi-gigabit interface and like USB 3.1, so overall we continue to drive success 
Lip-Bu Tan: We don't want to commend our competitors. I think so far we have been very focused on our business. And as I mentioned earlier, especially in the most advanced node the complexity and the time to market emulation is a must have and clearly our XP platform and Z1 have been doing really well and customer is putting orders and they have many repeated orders and so overall we see a tremendous opportunity for us and because time to market is so critical for the semiconductor company and system company and our Z1 and we had been the sales were very nicely and then we have repeat orders already.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I think first of all clearly, Intel is a great Company and I have a lot of respect from them but we won't comment on any specifics on that Company.
Lip-Bu Tan: If I can add a little bit more clearly we have really, really outstanding team and they are driving the business and so far we are very comfortable to meet the customer demand.
Lip-Bu Tan: Just to add a bit color clearly as Geoff mentioned earlier we are doubled down on R&D and Field Support Engineering FAE, because a couple of big customer are proliferating and we are working with them and then we support them successfully in the most advanced nodes, so it's more to support technically and continue the innovation for the flow that we are focusing on.
Lip-Bu Tan: I think clearly we are excited about this whole system design enablement and this is exactly about the addressing not just a silicon player and also into the silicon moving to the system Company moving to the Service Provider. And then, clearly we are embarking aggressively and it's very exciting because we have not just a tool, we not only have the IP, we also have packaging and systems design and analysis related and that can very compelling to work with them ranging from automotive sector like ADAS, function safety related and then to the crowd infrastructure and hyper scale infrastructure they want to drive and to the vision into the search and machine learning and with the Tensilica and our tools and also the IOT and you know, you saw the announcement we have with Silicon lab in terms of the low power mix signal, and then real tech in the Tensilica on the ultra-low power and it's just going on and we are just excited about a whole medical aviation automotive, the crowd and IOT related so I think the system level we are going to grow significantly over the years and we are excited about that opportunities.
Lip-Bu Tan: In closing, I'm proud that for the second year in the row, Fortune Magazine have recognized Cadence and our hard working employees by including Cadence in a list of the hundred Best Companies to Work For. I would like to thank all our shareholders, customers & partners, Board of Directors, employees for their continued support. Thank you all for joining us this afternoon.
