Geoff Ribar: Thanks, Lip-Bu and good afternoon everyone. I will provide some detail on the first quarter and give our outlook for Q2 and update our guidance for 2015.  Q1 was characterized by strong execution. We have put up some good numbers for the quarter in a challenging environment. On the new product front, we have received positive feedback from our customers on Innovus.  Total revenue was $411 million, up 9% compared to $379 million for Q1 2014. Revenue mix for the geographies was 47% for the Americas; 24% for Asia; 19% for EMEA; and 10% for Japan. The revenue mix by product group was 23% for functional verification, 28% for digital IC design and signoff, 27% for custom IC design, 11% for IP, and 11% for system interconnect and analysis.  Weighted average contract life was approximately 2.5 years. Total costs and expenses on a non-GAAP basis were $315 million compared to $304 million for Q4, and $295 million for the year-ago quarter. Q1 headcount was 6,260, up 154 from Q4 due to hiring in R&D and technical field positions.  Non-GAAP operating margin was 23% compared to 28% for Q4, and 22% for the year-ago quarter. As expected, the Q1 operating margin was down from Q4 due to the seasonal impact of payroll taxes and vacation expense.  GAAP net income per share was $0.12. Non-GAAP net income per share was $0.23 compared to $0.27 for Q4 and $0.20 for Q1 2014. Operating cash flow was $47 million compared to $132 million for Q4 and $28 million for the year-ago quarter.  Total DSOs were 30 days compared to 27 days for both Q4 and year-ago quarter. Capital expenditures were $8 million. Cash and short-term investments were $980 million at the quarter-end compared to $1.023 billion at the end of year. In the quarter, we repurchased more than 2 million shares of common stock for approximately $37 million. Approximately 48% of our cash and short-term investments were in US at quarter-end. We paid $54 million in cash in Q1 for convertible notes that were converted early. We will pay-out the remaining principal of $296 million by June 1. As a remainder, the associated hedge settles [ph] in April and May and outstanding warrants will settle from September through December. Now, let’s turn to the outlook for the second quarter. For Q2, we expect revenue would be in the range of $410 million to $420 million. Non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be approximately 25%. GAAP EPS for the second quarter is expected to be in the range of $0.14 to $0.16. Non-GAAP EPS for the second quarter is expected to be in the range of $0.23 to $0.25. And now, for our fiscal 2015 outlook. Our bookings, revenue and operating margin guidance for the year are unchanged from last quarter. Bookings are projected to be in the range of $1.87 billion to $1.93 billion. We expect weighted average contract life in the range of 2.4 to 2.6 years. And we expect at least 90% of revenue for the year to be recurring in nature.  Revenue is expected to be in the range of $1.68 billion to $1.72 billion. This translates to a 6% to 9% growth in revenue over 2014. Without the 53rd week in the 2014 baseline, growth would be 7% to 10%. We continue to expect hardware revenue to increase in 2015. Non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be approximately 25% on an annual basis. Non-GAAP other income and expense is now expected to be in the range of negative $20 million to negative $14 million compared to the prior range of negative $24 million to $17 million. The non-GAAP income tax rate is 23%. We're assuming weighted average diluted shares outstanding of 308 million to 316 million for the year, which is up from our assumption of 306 million to 314 million due to the impact of higher share price on assumed dilution from the warrants that expire later this year. GAAP EPS is now expected to be in the range of $0.60 to $0.70, a $0.10 increase at the midpoint from the prior guidance primarily due to lower estimated GAAP taxes. Non-GAAP EPS is now expected to be in the range of $0.96 to $1.06, which is 1% increase at the midpoint. We expect operating cash flow to be approximately $350 million. Our DSO forecast is approximately 30 days and we expect capital expenditure of approximately $40 million. As Lip-Bu said, thanks to increasing success of our strategy, we are replacing our share repurchase program with a new program with an annual rate of $225 million. This is up from the prior rate $150 million per year. Beginning this quarter, we expect to repurchase $450 million of our common stock over the next eight quarters at our quarterly rate of approximately $56 million. In closing, while there is some uncertainty in the environment, I hope you can tell we're excited about the strength of our execution and opportunities and we are confident in our future. So, with that, operator, we'll now take questions.
Geoff Ribar: Yeah, Mahesh, this is Geoff. We expect to repurchase approximately 56.25 million per quarter starting this quarter through Q1 of 2017, so on a regular consistent rate as we have in the past.
Geoff Ribar: Mahesh, as always, we regularly review our capital structure. We take into account both levels of debt, our business, our capital needs to grow and return on cash to shareholders, including how we return that cash to shareholders, we will continue to evaluate it. Obviously right now we're talking about the share repurchase at this time.
Geoff Ribar: And we think we had a really nice quarter, right, nice revenue growth, operating profit growth, cash growth, year-over-year too. So we think we’re operating well in a not perfect environment.
Geoff Ribar: And one of the things, Jay that we have been concentrating on with our customers is, we want to allow as many opportunities for add-ons as possible. Again, it varies from customer to consumer, but that’s certainly been a focus for us to allow for deals to be structured in between the other deals and increase revenue over a period of time. So we generally try to aim that way. Again, it varies from customer to customer. 
Geoff Ribar: So the biggest reason why our revenue is down from Q4 to Q1 is we had an extra week remember in Q4 that's the biggest reason why our revenue is down. And without that, we believe revenue would have actually been up.
Geoff Ribar: Yeah, whenever we do bookings, we take into account the things that we know at the beginning of the year, of course, we were in you know we were well aware that most of the things are going to happen, so yes, we knew it back then too.
Geoff Ribar: And again, Sterling, remember, we have well-diversified customer base with no customers approaching even close to 10% and our top-40 is maybe 50% or 60% of our customers, so well-diversified.
Geoff Ribar: No, I think, again, you need to remember, Q4 was a 14-week quarter, so that had some impact. We are very happy with momentum in digital and Signoff. It does take time for bookings to become revenue, but we don't believe the Novus held back any of our prior business.
Geoff Ribar: So I think, as Lip-Bu said during his prepared remarks, we actually had the best quarter in Q1 in hardware that we had over the last four quarters. So we did quite well. Revenue was clearly up as a result from Q4 to Q1. The rest of the detail assumptions are your model and your question, but yeah, we had a very nice quarter. Came out of backlog, came out of a good business, came out of our current generation of products, so we are quite happy.
Geoff Ribar: Yeah, of course we look at account profitability and we pay attention to that. Our goal is of course to provide value to all of our customers and make sure that that's working. We are also quite comfortable that investments that we are making here are going to pay off and are value-enhancing to shareholders and so we are quite happy.
Geoff Ribar: Yes, Suji, we don't guide individual segments of our business on a going forward basis. We have said, for the year, that hardware – we expect hardware to be up from last year and we will stick with that.
Geoff Ribar: Yeah. So there is, the yen is the only other currency that we sell any material amount of dollars in, so of course that impacts revenue. There is another indirect revenue impact that related to the fact that we do sell for a lot of multinational companies who have currency other than dollars as their functional currency. So of course, their prices are increasing as the dollar, euro exchange rate or the dollar-RMB exchange rate changes. So there is an indirect impact. On the cost side, most of our costs are employee related. As you would expect, our largest employee bases are in US, India, Europe and China. So we do get some benefit there based on the stronger dollar and of course if it has some cost, the dollar becomes materially weaker. Overall net was the slight positive for us.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, so I think, Krish, let me start first, this is Lip-Bu. So I think on the digital side, we continue to get very strong momentum with our new suite of digital implementation. And I mentioned, we clearly have advantage in term of performance power area and also the reduction of time and that is very significant. So clearly this is a lot momentum. I mentioned last year we have marquee global accounts, we have large consumer electronics and we have a large semiconductor company. And in this quarter, we mentioned about a leading semiconductor purchase, Tempus. And so I think all in all we have a lot of momentum, but I just wanted to highlight clearly our revenue is recurring ratable model, so booking usually tend to revenue over time and also I think, first of all, you win, then later on you proliferate across all the different product development groups, so there is a time delay, but clearly we see the momentum, we are excited about the new offering we have and we are very focused on customer success.
Lip-Bu Tan: So, let me start answering the question. So first of all as I mentioned earlier, we have a strongest revenue quarter over the past year, so top customer expanding their capacity and also they find new used model, and we add a couple of new customers and so I think overall and in the in-circuit emulation, we are clearly the leader and meanwhile, we have find newer applications use models like simulation acceleration, hybrid verification, system level dynamic power analysis, so I think to grow over the 2014 is what we have and we’re just starting what we have right now and then meanwhile on the new platform, as I mentioned in my remark, we execute well and we are in the validation plan and an early adopter customer testing is tracking well and we continue to say the last quarter that shipping is the later part of the year. So, so far, we are pleased with the progress we made.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, Rich. This is a good question. So a couple of pointers. One, clearly, we all know that the macro level concern slowed down growth in China and then the Greece, we see a situation and then the foreign exchange volatility, political unrest, those are concerned, we always have to look at that and then meanwhile, I think, clearly, there are some areas of strength and some area of challenges. So like for example in the video, wearable, IOT, cloud, infrastructure, automotive, those are really exciting and a lot of increasing design at the advanced nodes and IP area, but clearly in the PC side, there are some challenges. I think all in all, it's kind of a mix environment. You heard some of the earnings call from our customer and so clearly is mix and depend on what are the sector focused product leadership they have, so those are the challenges. But meanwhile seeing that, we clearly see a lot of system company engagement and then system service related company are doing really well and we see very strong design activity among the system company and also the leading semiconductor company and so this is exciting. There is a lot of new products, end products, amazing products coming up and we are delighted to be their trusted partner, to work with them and with our ecosystem partner, by foundry, IP vendor to help them be successful to tape-out that chip and so that they can win in the marketplace. That is our job and we are very delighted to be part of that.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. So I think first of all as I mentioned, execute well, I have the weekly update on the team and I'm happy with the progress they make and I mentioned earlier adopter in customer testing is tracking well and we remain the same position that shipping in the later part of the year. We will tell you more in detail when we’re ready to announce.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you. Those are good questions. And so, I think clearly, we’re working with our customers and our IP partners and also with the foundry partners very deeply and clearly, the FinFET is progressing very rapidly and not just at 20-nanometer, now the 16-nanometer, 14-nanometer are in the productions and we’re excited about working very closely with our partners on the 10-nanometer and in the other area, we’ve already started in the 7-nanometer and 8-nanometer. So, there is a lot of challenges in term of optimize our tool -- earlier optimizing our tool and engaging with our foundry partners to make sure that it’s ready and optimize to our customer to yield. So, we work very closely with our leading customers, very closely with our IP partners, and work very closely with our foundry partners. And so, a lot of challenge in the double patterning, triple patterning and we keep an eye very closely with the Lithography dynamics, like EUV and others. And so, we want to make sure that our tool be ready when the customer ready to deploy and design and then we will be there to support them. So, I think, all in all, I am saying that we want to be the leader in the FinFET and advanced node. This is something that we determine to try that.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you for bring up the subject and I think clearly, Innovus, we are extremely excited about this new offering. In earlier March, we launched the products with a very exciting enthusiastic customer support and clearly is internally developed products and something that we are very proud of the culture of the innovation we put in place at Cadence and the product clearly have a good advantage in term of 10% to 20% improvement in the perform and power area that is very important to the customer and then the other part is up to ten times reduction in turnaround time and as you know, time to market is critical to the success for our customer. This is very important and also the partition in term of the 5 million to 10 million instances and that is very significant to our customer. So, tying with our 10% Voltus and Quantus that is a new suite of digital implementation using massive parallelism and I think we’re very excited and clearly, customer recognized that. We are heavily engaging with our customer. Six of our customer already announced. I mentioned earlier, ARM, Freescale, Juniper, MaxLinear, Renesas and Spectrum and many more are coming and working with us. So, clearly, they see a value and it’s a best-of-class and we’re delighted to be able to provide a solution to our leading customers.
Lip-Bu Tan: To answer to your question, yes, and this tools are all in production ready and in fact many customers are using our tool for the tape-out of their most advanced process node, and now we’re starting [ph] next generation suite of digital implementations and we are delighted and able to provide them in the most advanced nodes for them to tape-out. And so we are ready, we are very excited and much as a place in realm and the timing and products sign-off, and I am working very close with our leading foundry partners and so that will be available to them and so it is something that they are excited, they are something new and better performance. And this is a biggest turn market for EDA and that’s why we are very excited for the future growth.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, I think there are a couple of challenging opportunity for us, so clearly the system companies is very important for our System Design Enablement strategy and because they decided to vertically integrate it and optimize and all the way from the silicon level, to the Board level, to the software content. And we are uniquely positioned to provide all three, so not just the tool, not just the IPs and also the PC board, the system analysis, and they’re developing the chip, they look at the entire board, entire system in term of the power, signal integrity, thermal analysis and that is critical for their success.  And then their objective is time to market with best product development. And so to them, the critical point for them is time to market and also quality. And so those I think, they’re treating very well with our value driven approach to preserve the value and increase value and provide the solution rather than just a point tool. So this is something that’s very important. We continue to be very disciplined in term of whether it’s a system company or semiconductor company, we drive the value and we drive quality. And then we look deeply at partnership collaborating for their success, and it’s something that is very important for them and also for us.  So I think in terms of differentiating pretty much the same and we just had to be very disciplined. But the system guy, they are also not just looking at the semiconductor, they look at the entire board, entire system, the software stack and that’s why we need to provide that solution that System Design Enablement solution all the way to the interconnect and then the content and the integration that they need and that’s why we are in unique position to provide that solution to them.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, Gus, this is a good question. We are very delighted and our IP becomes a very important business and also key to our whole System Design Enablement strategy. And as I mentioned, it’s a great quarter for us, 23% year-to-year increase in the revenue, more specifically on the Freescale. This is a very important milestone for us. We provide a large portion of the broad IP portfolio across multiple Freescale product lines from automotive, they are very strong in that, microcontroller, network processor, so across product line.  And then the other part is, in a way exciting, which able to provide the license -- IP license agreement for Avago as you know is a very successful company, we're providing the most advanced TSMC 16-nanometer FinFET Plus and then for a variety of IP they need so that they can broaden their wins with their OEM customers. So those two, we're very, very pleased with that. And as of cost, I just add-on, we also have that IP interoperability with ARM, deeper our relationship even further so that we can really access through each other's IP and the most important, it provides that efficiency, the interoperability, the performance, the speed for the best for our mutual customer to be successful.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, this is more in our industry standard, IP and clearly we provide that industry standard IP for all the different customers at the most advanced-node and so that is our goal and our vision and clearly more and more customers are outsourcing their IPs to provide this silicon proven high-quality, differentiating IP, we're delighted, we have more than 1,000 people on our team to working on the IP and we have a very broad IP portfolios that we can serve our customer well.
Lip-Bu Tan: And also just to add on, usually we win first and then proliferate. So, I think because of ratable model and so over time, you’re going to see the growth.
Lip-Bu Tan: Sterling, good questions. And so, first of all, I think this consolidation M&A will continue, actually it will be even accelerating because of this growth and also the scale to the advanced-nodes. And so this is kind of unavoidable, but I think clearly after the consolidation, they'd really drive more efficiency and more reducing the combining G&A. But clearly the number of engineer, the design actually increased and so we're delighted to work with them and clearly we continue to drive very disciplined and value driven in terms of working with them. And also I think, when they down to the geometry, to the 16, 14, and 10, they did collaboration even more actually they need us even more and so the partnership, the requirement even deeper and that's why we've been consistently mentioned about being a trusted partner, so they can count on us to really drive the true performance and that's why we have created this innovating culture, so that we can continue to drive innovation, continue to driven efficiency for them. And in saying that, because of some disconsolidation, actually it's really exciting for me is that more start-up company coming up with great team and great innovations. And so that’s how we also support some of the really top-notch engineer coming out and do really disruptive innovation and we are also part of that to provide them the tool and solution to drive new creation and new innovation. And then, as also mentioned earlier, new breed of system and service company are coming up to drive the whole vertical integrations. And we are so well positioned to provide them the solution from tool, IP, PCB and system analysis to drive access for them. So I think all in all I think the environment is net positive for us. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, I think that clearly every process node is an opportunity for us from the tool and IP point of view, and SINA came on board six years ago, we have been very determined to drive leadership in the advanced nodes and so clearly, the 14, 16, 10, 7, 8 is very much in our roadmap and we're heavily engaging with our IP partners and foundry partners and so this is something that we have to work closely with them and also with our customers and again that deep collaboration and partnership with our customer and IP vendor and also the foundry partner are critical for success and that part, we feel, are very solid foundation to build on top of that and then they view us as a trusted partner going forward and that's something when you move on the geometry, that clearly they want to have a partner that can come on to continue to drive innovation, so that they can lean on us to drive the success on the development.
Lip-Bu Tan: No, I don’t see that and clearly, when you move down the geometry, first time pass is critical because the mass cost is very high for the advanced node. Actually, the foundry and customer, they reach out to us even earlier and because they want to make sure that our two are optimized for them and certified for them. So I think all in all, actually a lot of proof on the customer, want to have a deeper partnership with us and we’re delighted to be partner with them and their success is our success. So that’s something that we’re really proud of about being a trusted partner for all of them and then to try to differentiating product.
Lip-Bu Tan: In closing, I’m very proud that Fortune magazine has recognized Cadence and our hard working employees by including Cadence in their 2015 list of 100 best companies to work for. I would like to thank all our employees, shareholders, customers and partners for their support. Thank you all for joining us this afternoon.
