Geoff Ribar: Thanks Lip-Bu, and good afternoon everyone. I will now review the results for the first quarter, present outlook for Q2, update our outlook for 2014. Cadence again produced strong operating results in Q1. Total revenue was $379 million, compared to $377 million for Q4 and $354 million for the year ago quarter. The revenue mix for the geographies was 45% for Americas, 23% for Asia, 20% for EMEA and 12% for Japan. The revenue mix by product group was 23% for functional verification, 30% for digital IC design and Signoff, 27% for custom IC design, 10% for system interconnected analysis and 10% for IP. Note that we are now breaking out IP, which includes verification IP. The digital design and Signoff includes our DFM products. Functional verification includes high level synthesis and emulation hardware. System interconnect and analysis includes our printed circuit board, IC package and security analysis tools. Total costs and expenses on a non-GAAP basis were $295 million, compared to $282 million for Q4 and $270 million for the year ago quarter. Q1 headcount was 5,835, up 101 from Q4, due to hiring and R&D and technical field positions and acquisitions. Non-GAAP operating margin was 22% compared to 25% for Q4 and 24% for the year-ago quarter. Non-GAAP operating margin was down from Q4, primarily due to the seasonal impact of payroll taxes.  GAAP net income per share was $0.11. Non-GAAP net income per share was $0.20 compared to $0.23 for Q4 and $0.21 for the year ago quarter. Operating cash flow was $28 million compared to $119 million for Q4 and $75 million for the year ago quarter. Q1 operating cash flow was lower than expected due to the timing of receipts and disbursements. Total DSOs was 27 days, compared to 27 days for Q4 and 20 days for the year ago quarter. Capital expenditures were $6 million. Cash and short term investments were $630 million at quarter end, compared to $633 million for the prior quarter end. During the quarter, we paid $27 million for acquisitions, repurchased 827,000 shares for $12.5 million. Approximately 17% of our cash was in the U.S. at quarter end. Weighted average contract life was 2.4 years. Today, we announced the proposed acquisition of Jasper Design Automation for approximately $170 million or approximately $146 million net of an estimated $24 million of cash, cash equivalents and short term investments acquired. The transaction is expected to close in the second quarter of 2014, subject to customary closing conditions, including regulatory approval. We will fund acquisition with cash on hand and access to our revolving credit facility. Jasper's revenue for 2013 was $28 million, with a compounded annual growth rate of over 25% for the past several years. We expect this transaction to be accretive to non-GAAP earnings per share in fiscal 2015 after merger related accounting; because we have not yet closed, we will discuss the impact in 2014 earnings per share and update our outlook for Jasper on our Q2 earnings call. Now let's address our outlook for the second quarter of 2014 and fiscal 2014, which does not include any impact of the proposed Jasper acquisition. For Q2, we expect revenue to be in the range of $370 million to $380 million. During Q1 however, gross margins were pressured due to increasing competition, and this trend will likely continue. Non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be approximately 22%. GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $0.10 to $0.12 and non-GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $0.19 to $0.21. Now for outlook for fiscal 2014; bookings are projected to be in the range of $1.725 billion to $1.775 billion. We expect weighted average contract life in the range of 2.4 to 2.6 years, and we expect at least 90% of revenue for the year to be recurring in nature, as well as about at least 90% of our orders under ratable arrangements for the year. Revenue is expected to be in the range of $1.55 billion to $1.59 billion. Non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be approximately 26% on an annual basis. Non-GAAP other income and expense is expected to be in the range of negative $15 million to negative $9 million. We are assuming a non-GAAP tax rate of 26% and weighted average shares outstanding of 300 million to 308 million shares for the year. GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $0.56 to $0.66 and non-GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $0.92 to $1.02. We expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $335 million to $365 million. Our DSO forecast is approximately 30 days. Capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $40 million. So with that, operator, we will now take any questions.
Geoff Ribar: Yeah Ruben, as we said in the last quarter call, we now expect a certain amount of lumpiness in our business related to the fact that hardware and IP, both have revenue recognition that's upfront, as both businesses have become an increasingly important part of our business, that we will have some lumpiness. Again, I think its important, as you noted, that we reiterated revenue for the year.
Geoff Ribar: Yeah. I think the important thing Tom is, we left the full year unchanged. Actually, the revenue is up a little bit from the midpoint of $2.5 million, but we kept the rest of the guidance unchanged. Again, when we do guidance, we look at everything we know about our businesses, and we don't guide our businesses independently, uniquely.
Geoff Ribar: So Monika, we don't talk about market share generally here and -- but clearly, the combination of the verification businesses will help us along with our channel. Again, we like the acquisitions from the reason that, clearly laid out over and over again, does provide the leading formal analysis tool out there. It is the fastest growing segment in verification. It’s a great strategic fit that complements our industry leading verification platform.
Geoff Ribar: So Monika, I'll answer first, and then Lip-Bu will talk about the future. Obviously, we believe we have the largest install base in the emulation business and we have had the largest install base for a long time. We believe Palladium remained the leading emulator in the market. The whole segment is growing, and we have the best technology, and so I think, we are quite comfortable with where we are with the emulation.
Geoff Ribar: Yeah, I mean, obviously, as we talk about some of our businesses that are more lumpy, like hardware, like IP, you recognize revenue at different times than you recognize bookings. And bookings, when you do bookings in software, generally, it takes time to fully get that into revenue. It kind of layers in on to revenue. So that's kind of the story. Again, I think strong bookings is good.
Geoff Ribar: Actually, the cash flow was a little bit of a challenge for us, just to be clear, and that's really based on the timing of collections and disbursements. I think you may remember in the last call, we talked about collecting a large amount of money early, and collected in Q4 instead of Q1. We also didn't collect everything we anticipated in Q1, some of that slipped into Q2, which we have now collected. The full year guidance has stayed unchanged. Bookings started out strong this year.
Geoff Ribar: No, its primary competition that's causing the pressure. The Palladium XP II which was released in Q4, still the leader in terms of performance, stability, capability. But competition has increased to when the products were originally introduced.
Geoff Ribar: Yeah, there's no seasonality in the business that we see right now. Its just continued growth in businesses, and we don't guide each segment individually. So again, I think the important part Mahesh, is we kept the year unchanged.
Geoff Ribar: So again, quickly go through capital. First, we wanted -- we do think that it supports our strategy, and that includes funding, high return on innovation and financially disciplined acquisitions. We have taken into account the maturity of our debt and our product cycles and the challenges in the overall industry. And third, we are committed to returning cash to our shareholders, and that hasn't changed as a result of this acquisition.
Geoff Ribar: So we do both leases and sales. It depends really on what the customer is requesting or requiring for that business. Generally, many more sales with upfront revenue recognition as a result.
Geoff Ribar: Yes. So we listen [indiscernible] and we talk to shareholders a lot, and we talk to the industry a lot. We started, as you know, last quarter, during the share buyback, and for now that's what we are going to talk about.
Geoff Ribar: So as we go into this current quarter, Q2 earnings, our Q2 results. Obviously we have over 90% booked, as is normal coming out of backlog. And what's kind of happening in the second half of the year is pretty much what you would expect traditionally from where we were at this time of the year.
Geoff Ribar: Yeah, plus the fact we have a 53-week year this year, as you remember -- about last quarter. As we, over six or seven years, we have a 53-week year. So that will also play into Q4.
Geoff Ribar: No. Its pretty much in line where we expect. Again, driven by competition. Again, we still think we have the best product, and we are still quite successful with that product, but there is pricing pressure from competition.
Geoff Ribar: I think we are not going to guide individual segments. We are quite happy and quite comfortable with our overall guidance for the year.
Geoff Ribar: So Monica, we are not giving individual growth rates on the different markets again. We continue to believe that this is a secular trending up business in emulation over a long period of time. There will be fluctuations from period-to-period and quarter-to-quarter. Again remember in Q4 of last year, we came off our second record quarter ever on revenue. So we are comfortable with our position in the business, we are comfortable with our strategy, and are comfortable with our product.
Geoff Ribar: Yeah those numbers are very hard to combine, very hard to say again. We just believe that its going to be a secular growth business with some bumpiness for each within the company, based on quarter-to-quarter results.
Lip-Bu Tan: Good. So let me try to answer in a broader sense. First of all, I think verification as I mentioned, for system and SoC time to market, and it will be now compounded with the increasing IP design integrations, and so, it can be as much as 70% of the cost of development for SoC, and Jasper clearly, providing the leading solutions for formal analysis, and this is the fastest growing segment, and this is very critical for CPU. You mentioned earlier, some of the earlier CPU verification tool, and also increasingly used to attract compact SoC verification; and we really complement our metric-driven verification tool, and as I mentioned earlier, systems, semiconductor and IP companies are among the big important customers, and they request us to -- I mean, have them as our product portfolio. And so clearly, in some of the verticals I mentioned earlier, in the CPU, mobile and some of the compact SoC, that are really showing [ph], and this is very important for them, and also I think clearly, the talent that we are going to bring on board is tremendous, and that's why we liked it.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah Jay, this is a good question. Systems companies have become increasingly -- in terms of percentage of our revenue and the customers. They decided to go vertical and optimize in every level, from the silicon to the board level to all the way to the applications, so they can drive differentiations, and we engage with them quite a lot and intensively, because clearly fitting to our system design and implement strategy, and core EDA is very important as a foundation. And so in the way to answer your question, are they better than a semiconductor, I cannot comment that. But I think clearly, they drive different value and that all the way from the tools to the IP to the system analysis to the V-IP, in terms of modification, become a very important part of their requirement, because time to market is critical for their success and also they try to drive some differentiations. So, pretty much all the different level of requirements and the complexity they need, and that's why we need to gear up towards responding to damage, and that some time may be different from semiconductor customers. And one thing very good for us, is we have an entire suite from digital to analog and all the way to IP and verification IP and all the way to verification, and then plus, our PCB business, the board level business, and also the system analysis, we bought Sigrity because of that, and it can really drive the power, the signal integrity, the thermal aspect, the mechanics of parts of the overall end products point of view, and that is a very profound and their need is tremendous, and we want to respond to their needs.
Lip-Bu Tan: Very good questions. Let me try to answer one by one. Clearly, the PCB is a very exciting opportunity and growing. I mentioned earlier last year, we grew about 23%. It’s very exciting, and also I think the need becomes more and more [indiscernible] because clearly, people want to design chip, viewing from the system, from the board level, what is the power and the signal integrity and the thermal and that's where Sigrity is just helping us to really grow some of our PCB business, and we fully integrated into our Allegro product line, and we also announced the timing vision that has come out and increased, the shorter the time to market and in terms of design. So overall, we continue to see that in this quarter, and in quarter-to-quarter we see growth in the revenue. In terms of custom, mixed signal, it also becomes a very sticky business for us, because custom/analog, our Virtuoso, with our suite of new products coming up in advanced node, we become a very important solution for the SoC, because as you know, most of the SoC, mixed signal and analog and digital have to work together into an integrated platform, and that's why we really shine and the customer see value in that. In terms of the digital side, we have improved substantially, and clearly our Signoff, as I mentioned in the past, have 10X performance compared to our competitors, and then secondly [indiscernible] all the way to 100 CPUs and that has become a reality, that's why we have signed up more than 20 customers, paying customer [ph] and embrace us. And then the other thing is also, the same thing with Tempus, and we just announced in November, we already have more than 10 customers, and we continue to improving our digital implementation in the most advanced nodes, and clearly, you saw that in my remarks and that one large consumer, an electronics company, have now decided after the benchmarking and decided, we have the best performance in terms of power, performance and area for the mobile application related area, and we are excited to have them to completely use all the entire flow from RTL to Signoff and all the way down, and this is a huge win for us, we are excited about it.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah. So let me explain that. First of all, I think the verification is an entire portfolio that we have, and clearly, some of you are very familiar with our Palladium, this is for the emulation side, and then same thing with our Incisive products. We also have some of the formal analysis tool, combine the tool with Jasper after the completion of the acquisition, together with ours. It will give us a very strong position in the verification. So all the way from simulation to prototyping and then really, add a lot of more capability in the CPU verification and complex SoC verification. Clearly, they have the leading solution that we are looking for, and a lot of key leading customers in terms of systems, semiconductor and IP companies, they embrace that. They requested us to be part of our overall solutions. So you should really look at us on the system development suite, all the way from software, and all the way to the hardware emulation, acceleration. So that is the whole suite that we are providing, and that complements our metric-driven verification.
Lip-Bu Tan: The top system company and semiconductor and IP companies, clearly, we had some success with all of them, but this give us [ph] increased, in terms of footprints, and also their needs, in terms of their higher end design complexity verification. So it’s very-very strategic and important for us, and by the way, just look at their standalone, they are growing at 25% a year, and its profitable as a standalone company for the last few years.
Lip-Bu Tan: A bit on what Geoff described, clearly, the Palladium in our hardware is the leading emulator in the marketplace. As we mentioned in the Q4, we have the second largest quarter for the hardware revenue, and strong in mobile this quarter, and clearly especially in Asia. MediaTek and Spectrum, the leading [indiscernible] company, to embrace our platform.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, so this is Lip-Bu, let me try to answer the first portfolio, and then Geoff will add on to it. So first of all clearly, the Palladium XP II is a second innovation for the Palladium family, significant performance and well received by customers. We are not commenting on the future product availability, but I can say that, we are working very close with the customer, understanding their needs and we are well on our way to developing our next generation solutions, for the future innovation. With that, usually when you have a new product announced, and you're increasing ultimately gross margins, that will be expected.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, couple of things. I think clearly, our investment and complement into the FinFET advanced node is starting to pay dividends. Clearly, you saw that TSMC fully certified our digital Signoff, complement on our tool for the 16-nanometer FinFET, and in this quarter, we had over 20 new design in the FinFET related projects, and then we have -- quite a few key customers are shifting to us, because of -- we are providing the best performance, power area for the better processor site, and that's why we kind of highlight one large consumer electronics, and a very competitive replacement for us, and we are delighted that they chose us and adopt us for the full Cadence flow from RTL to Signoff, then with multiple FinFET production design, the silicon will come out at the end of this year.
Lip-Bu Tan: So let me answer that Mahesh. First of all, I think as you have already pointed, the [indiscernible] is in the 28-nanometer. We are very well positioned, our tools are very optimized and in our IP also, very ready. So that probably continues to benefit in the maturity of our revenue. But the 20-nanometer, from our view is a short term node, and a lot of customers, they decided to move into the 14 and 16 FinFET. We see a substantial increase in terms of 16, 14 nanometer FinFET design, and we work very close with our IP partners and also in our foundry partners, when they are moving to the 16 and 14 nanometer FinFET, and we see increasing momentum in terms of customer needs to move down at that [indiscernible].
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah. We don't complain about the situation. We are delighted with the acquisitions, and very talented, clearly the leading solutions and our customer requested and also fast growing, 25% is profitable, and being a very disciplined buyer of business, we are always very thoughtful of our acquisitions. If you look at [indiscernible], it helped us a lot into memory and also in the IP related area, cyclically, moving to the whole PCB and it helped us to grow 23% last year. Azuro acquisition, another good example, really drive our digital equipment, and that right now you see, a lot of success we have right now. And then, we clearly see Jasper is a very important -- formal analysis is critical for some of the CPU verification, compact SoC verification, and is fast growing, and its very-very important to our -- the whole system design suite, and that's what we are excited about.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you. In closing, Cadence continues to drive consistent operational and financial performance. We have enhanced our system design verification solutions, with the acquisition of Forte, and we are looking forward to bringing Jasper to our team soon. Our digital and new Signoff tools are highly competitive and are gaining traction with leading customers. We believe that Cadence continues to invest, to deliver great technology to our customers, and to run our business with discipline, then revenue, profits and cash flow all benefit, thereby increasing shareholder value. I have received tremendous support during my first five years, as I would like to recognize our hardworking employees for the result we have achieved and thanks to all our shareholders, customers, partners, and looking forward to everyone's continued support for the future. Thank you everyone for joining us this afternoon. Have a good day.
