Geoff Ribar: Thanks Lip-Bu, and good afternoon everyone. Cadence posted strong financial results for Q1. I will review the results for the first quarter, present our outlook for Q2 and update the outlook for 2012. Total revenue for the third quarter was $316 million compared to $308 million for Q4 2011 and $266 million for the year ago quarter. The year-over-year increase was 19%. Product revenue was $190 million, maintenance revenue was $96 million and services revenue was $30 million. The revenue mix for the geographies was 44% for the Americas, 19% for EMEA, 19% for Asia and 18% for Japan. Total cost and expenses under non-GAAP basis for Q1 were $215 million compared to $244 million for Q4 2011 and $230 million for the year ago quarter. Q1 headcount was 4,766 compared to 4,728 for Q4 2011. Non-GAAP operating margin for Q1 was 21%, compared to 21% for Q4 2011 and 13% for the year ago quarter. For Q1 we reported GAAP net income per share of $0.11 compared $0.02 for Q1 2011. For Q1 2012, non-GAAP net income per share was $0.17 compared to $0.17 for Q4 2011 and $0.09 for the year ago quarter. Operating cash flow for Q1 was $61 million compared to $62 million for Q4 2011 and $56 million for the year ago quarter. Total DSOs for Q1 decreased to 25 days down from 43 days from Q4 2011 and from 62 days for the year ago quarter. The reduction was due to our success of our ongoing efforts to match cash collections and the timing of revenue recognition. These efforts have also led to course money reductions in accounts receivable and deferred revenue. As a result our new DSO target is 25 to 35 days. Capital expenditures for Q1 were approximately $8 million. Cash and cash equivalents were $660 million at quarter end. Approximately 50% of our cash is in the U.S. For Q1, over 90% of orders book were addable including the product maintenance and services. Weighted average contract life for Q1 was approximately 2.8 years, higher than our target range of 2.4 to 2.6 for the year due to a large multi-year contract booked in Q1. On a weighted average basis, run rates in Q1 contract renewals increased. It is worth noting due to the success of Palladium XP, hardware has become a larger part of our product mix. Now let's address our outlook for the second quarter of 2012 and I'll update for fiscal 2012. We are increasing our fiscal 2012 outlook for bookings, revenues and earnings per share due to strong Q1 results and expectation of continued strong demand in Q2. For Q2 2012, we expect revenue to be in the range of $315 to $325 million. Q2 non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be in the range of 21% to 22%. Non-GAAP total cost in expansion should be up slightly compared to Q1 due to increased hardware sales. GAAP EPS for the second quarter is expected to be in the range of $0.13 to $0.14 and non-GAAP EPS for Q2 is expected to be in the range of $0.17 to $0.18. Now, for our update of our fiscal 2012 outlook. Bookings are expected to be in a range of $1.259 billion to $1.335 billion compared to the prior range of $1.265 billion to $1.315 billion. We expect weighted average contract life in the range of 2.4 to 2.6 years for the year and to book at least 90% of our business for the year under ratable arrangements. We now expect revenue to be in the range of $1.27 billion to $1.3 billion for 2012 compared to the prior range of $1.24 billion to $1.28 billion. Non-GAAP operating margin is now expected to be in a range of 21% to 22% for the annual basis for 2012 compared to the prior range of 19% to 21%. Non-GAAP and the other income and expense for 2012 is expected to be in the range of negative $14 million to negative $10 million. For 2012, we are assuming a non-GAAP tax rate of 26% and weighted average shares outstanding from 279 million to 285 million shares. GAAP EPS for 2012 is expected to be in the range of $0.45 to $0.49 compared to the prior range of $0.39 to $0.49. Non-GAAP EPS is now expected to be in the range of $0.66 to $0.70 compared to the prior range of $0.60 to $0.70. For 2012, we are expecting operating cash flow in the range of $275 million to $305 million compared to prior range of $255 million to $295 million. DSOs for 2012 are projected to be in the range of 25 to 35 days. Capital expenditures for 2012 are expected to be in the range of $30 million to $35 million. So to conclude, Cadence again posted strong operating results. We are making good progress towards achieving our goal of mid-20s non-GAAP operating margin in 2013. While we do have concerns about the risk of the world economy, at this point as we look at Q2, design activity and demand for our products and services is still strong. Operator, we'll now take questions.
Geoff Ribar: I think you're referring to our Palladium XP business, our hardware business, and that business was a huge grower for us last year. We also believe it's a secular trend that more and more customers are going to be dependent on that, not just traditional chip companies, but system companies also. In that business, we continue to be thoughtful and when we guide our future quarters, it's been a strong business for us, but there is competition in the marketplace. We look forward to that competition and we look forward to the strength of our business. So we anticipate that business to be relatively flat this year after such a strong growth last year.
Geoff Ribar: I think, Tom, to add to it, we did comment on our Palladium XP business being particularly strong in China during this past quarter.
Geoff Ribar: And I also think I would add that is we grew from 15% to 20% approximately in Asia, that when the revenue was growing very, very fast for the company as a whole too.
Geoff Ribar: Actually, Tom, we don't look at it that way. With the ratable model really what matters is how much is in backlog and how much is coming out of backlog. And then it's a little bit different as it goes to hardware, which had some amount of revenue that's upfront. So we don't look at it that way. I'm glad the math works for you though.
Geoff Ribar: We raised our bookings guidance by $20 million at our midpoint. I think our performance vis-à-vis our guidance is always a subject to a bunch of things. I do think we had extremely strong bookings in Q1. And the timing of bookings continues to be very good, more linear than I think historically been the case in the EDA. The hardware business is, as Lip-Bu mentioned came in strong also. So I think all of those things contributed. We also raised the revenue guidance at midpoint by about $25 million. So I think we're seeing both strong bookings and strong revenue.
Geoff Ribar: I think we said during our prepared remarks, Simran, that emulation business was stronger than our expectations in Q1. It's the one area that we look at going forward. And we've again had great growth last year. We expect to go to be relatively flat to maybe slightly down as we said in our last call. But again that business has continued to consistently surprise us on upside. As far as the growth and expenses, you're exactly correct. We are essentially fully restoring benefits to the employees that we cut during the downturn. We've traditionally dropped more than 50% of our revenue growth to bottomline. This year we had originally forecasted slightly less than that with the growth in revenue a little bit. We're actually closer back to the 50% right now. So we're pretty much in line with that and I think you can probably do the math and come up with the answers for your model.
Geoff Ribar: No. I think we actually have a pretty good balance as far as AR and bookings and revenue as far as the customer concentration. Our top 10 is less than 40% overall, the sense of all those numbers. We don't have any top 10 or 10% customer's in any of those categories. So I think we're pretty happy with the distribution of our product and our revenue and our AR and our bookings.
Lip-Bu Tan: Richard and Mahesh, out of question I think on the 20 nanometer FinFET. So I think this is fair that we are making significant investment, heavily engaging in our EDA tool and IP. This is a very important area. We have several collaborations with deep foundry IP customer engagement. And clearly, when you move up the geometry, the FinFET has become very important, 3D-IC has become very important. So not just for the 20-nanometer, also for the 40-nanometer. And in fact, we're engaging and preparing for the 40-nanometer process tool. Along this progress, we have about 2,000 complete and ongoing 20-nanometer, 22-nanometer projects. And as you know, we have over 100 32-nanometer and 28-nanometer designs. So this is a very important area. In terms of the revenue growth, I can't comment on that, but this is a very early phase of the development and we're getting ourselves ready on the tool and IP. So when the customer is ready, it will be seamlessly from the tool to the foundry. And that's kind of we have preparations.
Lip-Bu Tan: I think that we continue to look at it and it's an important development in operating. It's ready for deployment. I think it's year's away. But we keep our breakthroughs high and we're collaborating with our leaders. I think it's very much a manufacturing challenge and issues. And clearly, we work with our foundry. We're keeping a close eye on that.
Lip-Bu Tan: Again, it's a manufacturing issue. I think some of our equipment company and also the foundry. It's difficult for me to address that.
Lip-Bu Tan: If I can add a little bit, Gus, clearly all the major complex SoC system or anything below 30-nanometer did become very critical. (inaudible) in your design and verification is a huge time-to-market advantage. So we continue to see tremendous growth in that area. And we have a very strong offering and we continue to drive for excellence on that.
Lip-Bu Tan: I think clearly the Asia potential is quite significant and are of 300 billion-plus industry, and China alone comes to almost 100 billion-plus. And so clearly it's a very fast growing. And also if you look at some of the fabless semiconductor company grow I think it's coming up really strong. If you look at Spectrum, you look at HiSilicon, there is a long list of company and are hugely engage. I think clearly this is our strength and I think we're going to see more growth in that area. And so you're correct that's a lot of opportunity and clearly we want to make sure that we capitalize on that.
Lip-Bu Tan: I don't think we can quantify that, but that clearly is a growing pattern. I think you saw announcement, we just opened up our Shanghai R&D center. This is a very major commitment for us and we are very well positioned to capitalize on that Asia-Pacific growth area.
Lip-Bu Tan: And that's why I think in 2010 we launched our EDA 360 and this is really the heart of the whole. EDA 360 is application-drive design and clearly from the different company you mentioned Apple, you mentioned some of the big run, and Oracle, and Google, a long list, they all want to be differentiating much from their application area. They also really want to differentiate from their hardware side. So we are seeing tremendous growth in that area and we are well positioned to capitalize on it.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, Tom, let me answer that. First of all, I think that some of the supply challenges in 28-nanometer and others clearly are more manufacturing related, are not related to design. And we don't see slowdown and design activities remain very strong, especially in the 28-nanometer and 20-nanometer we are heavily engaged. And I think so far we are very well-positioned. And I think this has kind of no impact to our design activity.
Lip-Bu Tan: First of all, I think we remember it and I'm excited about this industry. Clearly the semiconductor industry outlook is very bright. And now, if you look at all beautiful, and exciting, and new gadget, and electronic devices, and semiconductors is really the heart of it. And so EDA is very critical essential part of the design. And so all-in-all I think we're going to see continue good growth. Especially I mentioned earlier the application-driven design given that they are significantly even more. And so overall I think in other industries is going to be healthy. And I think overall we look at the semiconductor industry growing in a mid-single digit. But overall in our design activity, we have been very strong. We're excited about this industry.
Lip-Bu Tan: Simran, first of all let me answer the question and Geoff will fill in to add on to it. So overall we see that merger that have opened tremendous stock for us. We are heavily engaging and capitalize on it. And clearly a lot of customer are looking for automated designed flow. And also, I think I mentioned in my script the mixed signal flow, the mixed signal design verification become more and more important. We see a trend of customer that have decided to integrate and analog in digital. And that really bring to our strength and a lot of customer looking for at least a second source of the design flow. And that is very exciting for us.
Lip-Bu Tan: Good question. I think clearly, Jay, as you already point out in you know the Asia growth is significant. And we are well positioned to capitalize on that. On the IP stand, yes, there is some significant market for the China and Asia on the IP side. Clearly, in my remarks that IP is very important priority for us, we are delighted to have Martin Lund to join us and so he is spirited our whole SoC that include IP and service. And so that area we're going to tapped out double down and we are very focused on that area and that clearly high high-end waver with the EDA360. And then clearly, we have a very strong footprint in the memory Denali acquisition exceeding our expectations, we're delighted on that. We mentioned about 40/100 Ethernet and clearly is a good market in Asia for the computer products. So we are evident by accelerating our strategy on the IP and we are engaging quite heavily with our customers.
Lip-Bu Tan: I think and we continue to recruit and hire the best talent, clearly, not just targeting the Synopsys' Magma merger. We are looking all the best talent we can get in the industry. And so we're excited about that.
Lip-Bu Tan: So I think first of all that clearly we know and have and have seen that products and creating as a surprise to us and we'll keep a very close eye on it. And then meanwhile we welcome competitions and we remain confident about our Palladium product and features and performance. And but seeing that we are not taking our competitors lightly, we are take it very seriously and we seen them in couple of accounts. And that's how we know that product performance and we welcome the competition. And we continue to rely and confident our product offering.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you. In closing, Cadence is off to a good start in 2012. The stronger momentum of our technology which is leading to the expansion of the existing relationships as well as new engagements give me confidence that the rest of 2012 will be good for Cadence. Thank you to everyone for joining us this afternoon and I look forward to talking with you soon.
