Geoff Ribar: So Rich, this is Geoff. So yes, it will obviously start at a higher number and go -- the drop will go down throughout the year as the revenue rolls off, right, as we're stopping and taking the business. So the impact in the later half the year will be a little bit stronger than the first half. 
Geoff Ribar: I think, one more comment again. When we started last year or 2012, we guided flat to down, and we ended up at an all-time record year. It's inherently difficult for us to forecast this business, particularly with the semiconductor and economic conditions out there. 
Geoff Ribar: Yes. And Mahesh, so there's a difference between AEs and the service organization. So we're not getting rid of AEs. Right? We're not taking AEs and putting them in IP. We're taking our service organization which is a group of very skilled engineers that we have that work on developing products for our customers and making them develop IP going forward. And by the way, we continue to hire more AEs and add more AEs across the board. They are very critical, as you just pointed out, to our sales effort. 
Geoff Ribar: Yes, Jay. I understand the question. Unfortunately, we don't give that level of detail in these calls. 
Geoff Ribar: Yes. So from Q3 to Q4, we clearly have started to move engineers away. But the revenue also, as you can see, right, decreased from Q3 to Q4, and that was the major driver of that change in the margin. 
Geoff Ribar: And I think, Jay, the gold standard is much more important than the age of the product. We're still the gold standard. 
Geoff Ribar: Yes, Krish, we obviously look at the complete guidance range and look at both the high end and the low end of the range and the midpoint of the range. And I think we're quite happy with the range as is. We won't comment on specific ends of the range. 
Geoff Ribar: We don't look at it that way because a lot of our contracts are structured. We tend to look at it by customer and by product more than then specific nodes. 
Geoff Ribar: Yes. So obviously, we need a certain amount of cash to operate. We have the converts that we're going to be paying off, both in the end of 2013 and the end of 2015 out of U.S. cash. We're going to make organic investments. And in some cases, we'll make inorganic investments in our key growth areas. 
Geoff Ribar: Yes, we did. Hang on a second. Yes, the guidance for bookings for 2013 is $1.425 billion to $1.475 billion. 
Geoff Ribar: And Sterling, it's just really difficult -- inherently difficult for us to forecast this business in this condition, with what the semiconductor companies are doing in the economic environment overall. 
Geoff Ribar: Well, yes. So clearly, I think, we have an impact in the other income and expense. It's a little bit different from where The Street was guiding 2013. I think that's one impact. I think the other impact is the share count we guided to a little bit higher than, I think, you guys had. But the operating leverage, I think, is 50% at the midpoint of guidance. 
Geoff Ribar: And again, Tom, this is Geoff. It remains a secular trend. We believe that emulation is a business that's going to continue to grow for everybody. 
Geoff Ribar: Yes, I guess we can't really comment on which end is growing faster or not. But again, we think it's a secular trend. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Sure, I think -- Rich, this is Lip-Bu. We mentioned about the service moving to the IP. Clearly, we put together a very good team under Martin Lund. And besides the VIP, we're doing very well. Right now, we are very focused on the design IP and that includes memory storage, high-speed interface and other standard -- industry standard, and we like our strategy. The road map, we execute very well in there. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Sure. Let me start and, first of all, on the hardware emulation, I had been -- turnouts have been strong in 2012. It's a record year for us. And then, as I mentioned, 2013 will remain strong but would be lower than '12, primarily because of economic uncertainty. And we all know, they're very soft and uncertain. But we are the gold standard, and we clearly -- any complex design below 14-nanometer, this is a must-have. And so clearly, we are excited about it, and we continue to drive success as a gold standard. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Sure. So I think it continues to remain very strong in terms of design activity, especially the winning company and the system company. And clearly, our business will be related to the engineering headcount. We don't see any major cutback in terms of engineering. As you know, they will cut other places. Engineering is the last thing you want to cut. And then meanwhile, the system companies are really going vertical integration. And also, the other thing we see is the chip have become very complex, especially in the SoC mixed-signal and also some of the complex advanced nodes. We don't see any slowdown. We see the innovation. The customer really drives innovation. I think most of you have been through the CES. I was there for 2 days. A lot of new products coming out. It just excites me that we're the enabler for them to develop all these new fancy products, and we are excited about it. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, wonderful. Thank you so much for the question. So clearly, we see a very strong core business, 12% to 14% double-digit growth. This is very exciting for me. And a couple of things: one, clearly, we provide better value to our customers. And so in terms of pricing, usage, definitely both are increasing. And then secondly, I think it's very important to highlight, as I mentioned earlier, in terms of the design complexity and also faster time-to-market in terms of product cycle and, clearly, more detail in terms of digital. We make a lot of investment in the digital ICD side area. We recruit some of the top talent in this area. And then we really drive a lot of success, leadership in the 20-nanometer and below by the 14 and 16 I mentioned. And then we have significant design wins in the top 10 semiconductor company. And I usually take a little bit longer time to see the value, but I think we are clearly winning on that. And then the other thing I mentioned early about the mixed-signal, the mixed-signal in terms of analog, our Virtuoso clearly is our standard and now starting to have a lot of customers, I think, to turn to us in terms of our digital flow win. We're excited about that. And then clearly, the verification, we continue to be very strong. And then now, I think we'd add on this IP area in the VIP design IP. So all in all, we are just excited about the portfolio that we have in terms of the customer relationship that we are improving substantially, starting to see that payoff time now. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. So I think -- first of all, I think it's a good question. And we kind of -- as a company, from the corporate point of view, we decided to shift the service into an IP because it's more scalable. And then secondly, it's very important for us to have a very strong balance in terms of design, verification IP and then only really doing very high complex service, and so that we can really drive the operating margin going forward. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, thank you for the question. First of all, clearly, we are not going to comment on any acquisition target or any trend, so I think we're not going to answer that. But what we can say is we like our IP road map. We like our leadership. Martin Lund, we recruit on board, and then he has a very strong team below him. And we are very focused on the product road map. And then the portfolio, they'll be updating now. And so I think, all in all, I think -- stay tuned, and we should have more solid portfolio to serve our customers. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Jay, thank you for the question. So a couple of category. I think, overall, all I can say is across the board, very strong 12% to 14% in our core EDA. And in terms of more specific, in terms of beside the hardware emulation, other verification, VIP and also in the synthesis, digital side, across the board, pretty strong, and there is no particular area that is overly strong. But again, we just continue to provide the whole flow to our customer to serve them well in terms of their complex design, all the way from physical and verification. And then in terms of the system side, clearly, our Palladium is doing well. Our -- in our system, hardware software or codesign, co-verification, we announced our development verification suite. We'll continue to progress very nicely, heavily engaging with the winning customer. We have our success on that. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I think good questions. And as I mentioned, the hardware continue to be strong. It's a record year for us in '12, and '13 remains to be strong. But clearly, we all know the economic situation, and this is the hardware. And we want to be -- meanwhile, the product is a gold standard. It's a leader. Any complex design, this is a must-have. We've heavily, heavily continued to drive success with our customer. And in term of our competitor, I think it's good that our competitor is doing well because this overall verification and [indiscernible] earlier is good for the industry. And our objective is to serve the customer well, help them to design time-to-market. And I think we like our chance. And now we have a solid gold standard, and we continue to drive improvement on that. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I think -- Gus, I think the pricing continue to be competitive and then, clearly, we are very focused on our customer relationship and they have been very well. We're starting to see the benefit of our relationship with customers and continue to drive the value to them and software design challenges. And then the other thing is, 4 years ago, I start a quality improvement, deal quality improvements. And so clearly, it helped us in terms of our relationship with our customers, and also we can really provide the best value to our customers. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, good question. Clearly, the IP business is very important to us. And clearly, we are very focused on the design IP side, primarily focused on memory through the Denali acquisition and also the storage controller. And then also, right now, we're focused very much in the high-speed interface related industry-standard, with Martin Lund's background. And this is an area that he is very comfortable with it. He is familiar with SoC and we have recruiting some of top-notch talents onboard. Stay tuned, we are excited about our product offering. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, it's very good question. And we very much focus on the advanced node processors. And clearly, we -- 28-nanometer is going to be a big node, and we are very focused on that. And then meanwhile, we also engaging with -- across all the leading fabs, and so that we can work with them. Ecosystem partner is very important for us. As I mentioned, we announced in our ARM, TSMC, Samsung and the list goes on. So we work with other key foundries, and so that is very important. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, as I mentioned earlier, clearly, we are the gold standard and the leader. And that market, as far as I know, is a $350 billion -- $350 million market. We clearly are the gold standard and leader. It's a must-have for the leading company that's doing 14-nanometer and below complex chip, and we have a lot of success on that. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, we just don't talk about -- First of all, we don't speculate about acquisition. We're very much focused on our strategy. We like our strategy, and it's doing well. And we only make acquisition if it fits into our synergy. And I will let Geoff to comment on the others. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, let me start first. Now first of all, I think I just can tell, we have a record year 2012 and going to remain strong in 2013, primarily because of the economic uncertainty. And -- but meanwhile, seeing that, we're the gold standard. We're the leader. We continue to drive success, and a lot of customer is engaging with us. And that's kind of -- we still have a very solid lead like that business. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. Let me talk first. This is Lip-Bu. Clearly, we're the leader. We are the gold standard. Any complex design is a must-have, and we continue to drive success on that. In terms of our competitors, overall, I think it's a good market. Clearly, the hardware emulation is going to continue to grow. We have a lot of respect for our competitors and Mentor continues to do well and then EVE on the low end and the prototype thing area. And so I think we're all going to see growth. But clearly, any complex design, our hardware emulation is a must-have and is the gold standard. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. So let me comment first. I mean, clearly, in-house, internal development IP is still the one. And then -- but clearly, more and more customers are more comfortable to outsource if it's a standard and if it is of good quality. And that's why we emphasize the quality. We focus on the area that we really have value to offer, in the memory, storage, the high-speed connectivity. Interface area is our primary focus right now. And other industry standard, over time, we will add on to it. But the key thing is to provide a high-quality IP that customers can comfortably trust and use. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. I think, clearly, first of all, in the memory side, we are the gold standard. And we continue to drive success on that. And then the controller side, the storage controller side, we are continuing to make very good quality to our customers. And then now, we are very focused on the high-speed interface and will lead to high quality. And so the company customer can depend on us and on the quality IP that we can provide them, helping them in the design time-to-market. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Sure. So I think, clearly, we see the customer moving more to towards the advanced node. Clearly, the 40 is till the big volume. And then the 20 because they are long nodes. And so in some of the Tier 2, Tier 3 are moving to the 20-nanometer and include some of the China companies already moving in. So I think we are heavily engaged and helping them to migrate from -- to moving towards the advanced nodes, and we see tremendous activity, yes. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you. In closing, I'm extremely pleased with the progress that we have made at Cadence in the 4 years since I joined Cadence as CEO. We have strengthened and expanded our technology portfolio, transformed the company culture and deepened customer relationships across the board. This has contributed to our strong financial performance. Cadence has regained its edge as an innovator, and we are recruiting the best talent in the industry. We have significantly improved our balance sheet and operating profitability. This enabled us to continue investing in innovation organically and through targeted acquisition. We are well positioned to deliver value to our customers and shareholders.  Thank you, everyone, for joining us this afternoon. 
