John Wall: That's good question, Gary. I will take the first part, and then I will ask Lip-Bu to take the second part on M&A. But board and managements at Cadence are laser-focused on creating shareholder value. And as you know, we regularly review capital structure and capital allocation to balance investment needs, risk, liquidity, and capital returns. Also, as we said in the last call, in the first-half of this year we plan to review our overall tax position in light of the new Tax Act, including our options for the use of repatriated cash. So, that's all in focus right now.
John Wall: So Gary, I can tell you that we haven't drilled into the mix for Q1, but the last time we measured the mix, it was around 40% system companies. I know that it hasn't changed in a while, but that's because we have seen growth from both the systems business and also our semiconductor business.
John Wall: Hi, Monika, thanks for the question. Yes, in Q1 of 2017, if you remember, it's part of our transition to the new revenue accounting standards. We recognized an extra quarter of royalties that added about $5 million to IP revenue back in Q1 2017. So yes, allow for that when you are considering growth. Also IP revenue recognition was impacted most by the 606 revenue transition; $6 million of the $8 million difference between 605 and 606 revenue for Q1 was related to IP. So, on an apples to apples basis, IP was actually up year-over-year, but -- and I made a point in my script to call out the fact that I still expect that to be the fastest-growing part of our business for 2018, and that's despite the fact that in our 10-K we highlighted that the acquisitions that we did in 2017 are not expected to generate significant revenue in 2018.
John Wall: Jay, I will take the first part of your question. I was certainly pleased with the performance of all our lines of business in Q1. Approximately 90% of our revenues recognized over time, and that was no different for Q1. So there was nothing unusual. And as you know, with our ratable model, the strong Q1 has a bigger impact on the entire year, but -- so you'll see that the Q1, the strength in Q1 has carried through into strong guidance for the year, and we continue to see strength in our custom IC and digital software business to -- let's pass it off to Lip-Bu.
John Wall: Hi, Jay. Yes, we are very disciplined and value-driven, and very focused on pricing for Cadence, but it is a competitive business, and pricing can vary from sector-to-sector, and product-to-product. But we believe the best way to drive value from that is our products to collaborate deeply with customers to deliver innovative and clearly differentiated solutions, and that make our customer successful.
John Wall: Hi, Farhan. This is John. Yes, strength in the quarter was broad based. Functional verification had a particularly strong quarter with great momentum across the entire Verification Suite, as Lip-Bu mentioned earlier. But we continue to see strength as well in our custom IC and digital software business. And our IP business performing in line with our expectation that is going to be the fastest-growing part of Cadence on an apples to apples basis. So, it's pretty broad based.
John Wall: Similarly, it's pretty broad based across the year. We expect -- I think we said last quarter that we expect all of our businesses to grow this year.
John Wall: Right. So with the transition to the new revenue rules, if you are using the 606 numbers, that -- you would expect the commission expense to be more flat throughout the year. But -- so I think that will probably take away some of the expense profile. It should be reasonably flat throughout the year.
John Wall: I would say that again we don't talk about bookings on a quarterly basis. And hardware is a very important component of our entire portfolio. We typically view it as the complete verification suite that I would say that we've been very disciplined and value-driven on pricing to ensure that we get the value that we believe the hardware is worth.
John Wall: No, we are generally not going to guide or comment on individual product line growth rates for 2018, other than to say that we thought IP would likely be the fastest-growing group.
John Wall: So, on last quarter, we talked about the -- that our expectation for the difference in total revenue between the two sets of rules was $40 million. And we thought in 2019 that would drop into about $25 million in 2019, but now we think it's $30 million at a similar proportion for the out years. And I think that if you look at IP, we think 20 of the 30 is IP for this year haven't drilled into impact in 2019, but all are saying is that we expect the impact between 606 and 605 is slightly smaller than we thought it would have been last quarter.
John Wall: Yes. Just to highlight, so we haven't updated the analysis and the mix for Q1, but at the end of last year the mix was still around 40% for system companies and it's exactly as Lip-Bu highlighted that both system -- the growth that we are seeing across system companies and the semiconductor business is pretty much the same.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, on the M&A front, Gary, I think the board and the management are laser-focused on creating shareholder value, strategic-driven, and disciplined approach. And our M&A philosophy had always been very disciplined, and we have to tie into our EDA's STE strategy, and also focus on customer with differentiating technology products and in attracting the best talent in term of managerial, technical talents, and also able to provide a compelling return on investment and acquisition. We have [indiscernible] with our board, with our management, who else [Ph] are accountable for all the key acquisitions. And so, that have been our discipline for doing that. So I think we're going to continue laser-focused on our internal development and using M&A to supplement our organic growth.
Lip-Bu Tan: Gary, if I can add is our system and IC business are doing well, and we put a more focus on the -- our twin [Ph] IP supporting the IC customers. And meanwhile, we will approach the System Design Enablement to tailor some of our solution in IP to meet the customer in the system side in term of driving some of the success, especially in the PCB and the System Integrity Analysis side. And now we are starting to really pursuing the automotive, and we have great success in this quarter and last quarter. Same thing with Aerospace and Defense that we highlighted this quarter, that we received multiple large orders from several defense and contractor, and aerospace companies. We are delighted some of this vertical market we are pursuing. And same thing with automotive, and in the last quarter we highlighted in a very strategic relationship with market shipping automotive maker, and income of software and hardware IP service solutions. And then the other part, we also filed last year in the beginning a large design IP with a major semiconductor customer, automotive customer. And then the other part, we are also very pursuing the cloud/datacenter, the optimization, and in term of driving some success and solution for them. You know, clearly nusemi is a great acquisition for us that we can really provide that ultra high speed connectivity for them.
Lip-Bu Tan: And then Monika, I think just to add on, you know, clearly this -- where I said about IP business and also same trend is continuing. And clearly, we have some of the most differentiating IP under this new refi augmented strategy and focus on the most advanced notes. And then the other part is some of the Tensilica, we highlighted new, you know, the Q6, and then also the nusemi acquisition for the high speed 30, and then also the DDR and PCIe. So, we have a very good portfolio to drive some of the success for our system and semiconductor customers.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, we just announced recently. And so far, the response from customer is very positive, because clearly this is based upon the success of the Vision P6. They are very broadly adopted for the application processor. And meanwhile, this is a higher performance, and also we are quietly building up our software capability to aggregate [Ph] them capability, and that we are providing the overall solution for not just the vision, not just the audio, and now we can really drive some of the embedded vision, and then on-device artificial intelligent application that will be broadly -- and hopefully will be broadly adopted.
Lip-Bu Tan: Sure. So, I think as I highlighted, clearly we are very pleased with our System Verification suite. And that grow 20% year-over-year. And with that, clearly, our hardware business as John highlighted, we have a strong backlog from last year, and then Q1, also a very strong quarter both for Palladium and Protium. We highlighted the five new customer and then seven teams, we did order for Palladium. And then for Protium, that is a prototyping -- we are also very delighted with four new Protium S1 customers and five repeat orders. And in Xcelium, I do recall is an integration of Rocket Tag [Ph] and Incisive, and then we completely integrate together. We are delighted this quarter we have 30 new customers adopting it. So, we overall, I think verification is critical for order complex design. I think we have an entire suite from hardware and software able to provide to customer the most compelling. And also clearly, customers see the benefit of the quicker design using the same front-end as the Palladium Z1 that is very attractive for them.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. So I think, Jay, a couple of points, and one I think I highlighted with Imec collaborations, we announced three nanometer quadruple patterning test shipment successfully tapeout. We are very pleased with that. And then clearly our volume business is in the 14, 16 nanometer in term of more customer point of view, but we are moving very rapidly into the seven and five nanometer. A lot of design activity, a lot of IP engagement is in the seven and five nanometer. And so far, in every new process node, there is opportunity for us to help our customers to win in the marketplace so that they can proliferate. And so, clearly, we are excited about the opportunity in front, the tool with distributor, the processing, and then the massively parallel, that have been our advantage. And right now, we are using machine learning, learning to even drive further advantage in terms of PPA one-time, and also some of the verification we are applying our machine learning planning capability into our tool. At the end of the day, it is supporting our customers to faster to design and verify, so that they can go for production and winning the marketplace.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. So Farhan, this is Lip-Bu. And clearly, the hardware business -- and we are very pleased with our performance, and in term of Z1 and also our Protium S1, this is a prototyping site, and clearly in the verification, this is very important for verifying -- design. And we are excited, you know, our hardware and software would complement the full suite to really providing our customers. So I think overall we are very excited about what we have, and we made great progress 20% year-to-year growth. And we respect our competitors in what they are doing. And so, we continue to compete in the marketplace.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, this is Lip-Bu, Rich, and thanks for the questions. And as I mentioned multiple times, hardware is a very lumpy business. And we have -- last year I think the first-half has a little soft start, but we have finished very strongly in the Q4, and that momentum carry us in the Q1. As I mentioned, we have hardware Palladium Z1, we have five new customers, and 17 repeat customers, and then orders, and then the Protium, you know, we have four new Protium customers and five repeat customers. And so, overall I think it's not just the hardware, and also our software Xcelium we have 30 new customers in this quarter. Finally, we put it together with the Rocket Tag [ph] integrations, and for the parallel simulation. And then the other part is the former verification for JasperGold. So overall, I think it's like John mentioned, across the border, the whole verification is strong, and we are delighted to provide that entire verification suites for our customers.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, if I can add, we are excited about our digital flow. And as I mentioned, a couple of very successful one we have, the leading networking company adopting us, and then the top provider of the communication processor adopting us on the seven nanometer. Last quarter, we highlight a premium, and the hyper scale and moving into the seven nanometer, they're using our entire suite. And overall I think it just continued our proliferation with market shipping customer, and we will continue to expand that footprint; just stay-tuned.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I think, you know, clearly, as we mentioned that this refined strategy and augmented growth map, just like to highlight to you, we are pursing more scalable and more profitable focus. And we are focusing on the most advanced nodes. And we are focused on customer success, and we are focus on the star IP like the 10 silica, the new semi third higher -- ultra high speed to 30. So we are going to continue to build on that. The high differentiating IP, they are the most leading-edge, and then we really focus on scalability. We don't do that kind of one-off type of things, and really focus on the quality.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I think as I mentioned, the outsourcing trend continue. I think clearly from our customer point of view, unless they are really need to have that their IP to differentiate their product offering, somewhat the industry standard, and has gone as a reliable in out -- that's how we want to position our self as a reliable, trusted, high-quality IP provider. I think over time that's a lot of room for growth, and we are excited, as John mentioned, this will be a higher percentage of growth in term of our product line. And we are excited about this IP and especially applying to some of the key vertical, either the hyper scale datacenter, the distributor datacenter, vertical datacenter, the automotive, and in term of the new aero-related area, that's a lot of very unique IP that will over time we can build and acquire to do that.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I can't put down where we are, you know, -- I would -- all I can say is like the baseball terminology and still in the early round.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. So I think, Sterling, first of all, we are focusing on some of this, we call it the high speed connectivity side, and either the USB or PCIe or high-speed 30, addressing some of the data storage related requirement, and then using that 10 silica to drive some of the AI autonomous driving and know how to work with vision senor-related. So I think we have two part, one is to providing our tool and IP to help our customers to design some of this EDAs and then some of this requirement for autonomous driving. And last quarter, we highlight the premium automotive maker adopting some of our key IP for doing that. And then the other part is really addressing some of the AI, on the vision, audio, and then on this on-device AI application and beyond, and so there is a lot, and the AI machine learning is so broad that you can move into beside the datacenter, beside the mobile autonomous driving, and even some of the medical genomics sequencing. That's a lot. It's fascinating, and we are just touching the surface. And so there's a lot of room to grow there.
Lip-Bu Tan: No, not much. I think it's pretty much the same, and their requirement for their design, and so clearly there's a lot of opportunity as I mentioned earlier; I just want to add on to it, the whole silicon photonics, the whole the quantum computing and with AI, and so there's a lot of new complete [Ph] architecture come out on the hardware and software, and we are fascinatingly exciting. They are going to drive the semiconductor development growth. We see that design activity increased a lot to us.
Lip-Bu Tan: Not a lot. Clearly that would triple down on our leadership, and then that's why we highlighted Virtuoso customizing new platform is a significant major enhancement that able to drive all the way down to five nanometer process nodes, and then with our leading partners in the foundry. And also I think we drive some of the new innovative methodology and technology that drives more than 3X [technical difficulty] asset. [Technical difficulty] in terms of customer's love, and we just highlighted one of the customer, Bosch, and they see tremendous value for that. And we also defense contractor analog semiconductor company, mobile chipmakers -- adopting our Virtuoso new tool that we just announced and the respond had been overwhelming.
Lip-Bu Tan: In general, pretty much the same. They all want to design the silicon or their system, and then we have a very unique position, beside our tool we have IP and we also have the PCB side and the system simulation, especially the power are critical for them. And then the only different on the system guy and time to market is more critical for them, because they want to win in the marketplace. First move advantage is critical for their success. And they are more focused on the time to market, and also they are focused more on the quality of the products. And clearly to appreciate the value that we provide, and so I think we are delighted to work with them. Our job is basically make sure that our 2N IP will help them to design the most complex chip, the most complex system they have. And in some way we panel with some of our partners like Mathworks, and we are delighted to work with them and are clearly with our PSpice, and with their tool we make up more integrated solution from the system level design order chip for implementation. That is a really good outcome from automotive and then some of the new aerospace. And we are delighted. And we also, last quarter we did an acquisition on SFM and really driving the ECAD-MCAD library creation, and this whole mechatronics is really ticking off. So we are excited about all this opportunity in front of us.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. So far you know, overall revenue is growing and so our semi growing, and our system also growing very fast. And so we are delighted. I think both engine are growing nicely, and then John you may want to highlight.
Lip-Bu Tan: In closing, through continuous innovation and execution, we are well-positioned with our System Design Enablement strategy to further proliferate our solution with broad based of customers. And we are proud of the innovative and inclusive culture that we are building at Cadence. I will like to take this opportunity to thanks all our shareholders, customer and partners, Board of Directors, and hardworking global employees for their continued support. Thank you all for joining us this afternoon.
