Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, this is Lip-Bu, Tom. Thomas, first of all, let me answer a couple of your questions. So first of all, regarding the trend of outsourcing, yes, it's happening. A lot of customer we talk to they try to outsource the standards-space IP that is not as essential for them as their core IP or core digital products. And so they prefer to outsource that. If it's a qualified silicon-proven IP with good quality, they will prefer to do that. And that's something that we try to do. So it's a strategic focus for us. As you know, we are very strong in our VIP business. In the first quarter, we have 2 orders over $10 million, very strong. Now we are building up our design IP with the internal organic growth and also our Denali acquisitions in the memory modeling IP. And now, we add on the Tensilica, the data -- configurable dataplane processing units, and it's very important. The program provides very important features on that. And clearly, very strong in the mobile side, the LTE and all the video, audio-related area. And then now, we also add on the analog mixed signal IP and the high-speed connectivity IP from Cosmic Circuits. And then also the talent pool that we pull in for the SerDes, for high-speed SerdDes, those are very, very important for our customer. So I think we have a very strong design IP portfolio. After all this acquisition, we have over 600 engineers in that IP design capability. So I think it's very important for us. In terms of penetration, I think we just started with this design IP. A lot are engaged with our customer, and our customer is very pleased with our portfolio, especially the Tensilica acquisition, they are very excited about.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. So let me answer that first. First of all, I think that clearly, we have a very strong demand from Palladium XP in 2012. We expect to be down, and we guided down in 2013 because of the uncertainty in the environment. But meanwhile, we are remaining to do well. We have good orders coming through. And so all in all, we have a lot of repeat orders. And as I mentioned, about Qualcomm, we mentioned about 1 customer that ordered 35 systems over the 18-month period, so clearly, there's strong demand. In complex chip design and time-to-market pressure, we are the premium products.
Lip-Bu Tan: Sure. So let me try to explain -- answer your question. So regarding the Virtuoso 6.1, the proliferation is very good. We are very happy with that. And clearly, that we note, we continue to drive differentiation into the advanced nodes and -- so that our tool can be -- work well at the advanced node, so 20-nanometer and below. We are all qualified, and we'll continue to drive that. And then secondly, because of our strength in the Virtuoso, a lot of our customers right now, they are also looking at the whole -- our digital flow and help enhance our digital flow and qualify that. And because they're looking for integrated mixed-signal solutions, that's enough to be a very big benefit for us. So I think we'll continue driving the leadership in the Virtuoso, continue to drive future performance on that in the advanced node. And then that also apply helping us on the digital side because we are substantially improved in our digital development, especially in the advanced nodes, and that all tie in. Most of the design right now is SoC. It's clearly mixed-signal. It open up tremendous doors for us. And your second question, I think, the system side. Clearly, while we continue to drive the whole system verification side and also reaching out to the PCB, if you recall, we acquired Sigrity, that is very well-received by customer because when they're designing a product, they want to really know the power envelope, the signal integrity analysis before. So it really helped complete our PCB offering as a total solution.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, good question. So I think as you hear on the earnings calls, it's a mix in terms of the challenging environment for macro and also semiconductor. Clearly, PC is challenging, and some portion of the automotive is challenging. And so I think it's a mixed bag. But the good news is in terms of design activities, we don't see any slowdown. And so we are not related as much into the manufacturing CapEx area. We tend to be more in the -- our business tends to be more related to the engineering headcount. So far, we don't see a lot of changes, only a few. All the while, I think this is -- as you know, the last portion that you want to cut is the engineering talent doing design of new products. So, so far, as I mentioned before, we haven't seen any changes in the design activity. And in fact, on the contrary, because of advanced node, because of complexity of the design, our engagement with customers substantially increased in terms of they need us a lot more in terms of closer collaboration actually in the complex SoC, the IP block, the digital, the mixed signal, the analog and the power and that integrity -- signal integrity, order with packaging. And so frankly speaking, the engagement with the customer is substantially increased.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, Gus, it's a good question. So clearly, we have some customers who engage with us a lot. Some of the key customer in the 20-nanometer, but there are also some customer decides to go from 28, it's going to be a long node, and then jump into 16 and 14 based on FinFET. And so I think it's a combination of both, so I think we will continue our digital custom analog and the various tools that we are all fully qualified, the final tool, all qualified at 20 nanometer, so we're ready to support the customer. If they decide to continue doing the 20. And then clearly, the advantage from 28 to 20 will really depend on the application. Some of the customers still want to do that at 20. We will definitely support that. But meanwhile, there are also some customer who decide to skip and go way down to 16 and 14. And we are ready and we are supporting them. That's why we emphasize a lot about the FinFET and 3D-IC so that we can really support them in very complex design in those advanced nodes.
Lip-Bu Tan: No. I think the answer is no. And clearly, FinFET is a very challenging technology, on the top of patterning and the various key area. And clearly, we are executing towards our plan.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, so I think pricing environment is still very competitive. But as I mentioned earlier, now the chip getting very complex and a lot of our customer are looking to us for deeper collaborations, not just for the complex chip design and also for the process node and the migrations. And also I think the 2, IP and foundry, really had to work much closer together, and we are delighted. We are ready for that and also multiple foundries relationship that we have to support. So this is a very exciting time, and I think our customer are looking to us to have a much deeper collaboration, and we welcome that. And that's how we're going to learn, how we're going to provide the solution. And I think the quality execution will be key to provide them the IP, the tool, the support that they need for the time [ph] paths for the time-to-market opportunity.
Lip-Bu Tan: That is correct. And so clearly, it's the same environment, where a couple of area have some softness, and some of the area are very exciting and nice growing. But I think fundamentally, it's not much impact to us in terms of the customers feel very committed to innovate. And new design activity, we didn't see any slowdown. I think more important right now because of complexity and our collaboration actually increased, our R&D support even increased, the customer really need and look up to us for collaborations. And I think it's our job to provide the best-quality proven IP to support them, and then that will be good to the whole industry to grow.
Lip-Bu Tan: Sure. So I think, as I mentioned earlier, the Palladium continued to be strong demand, and we have a lot of repeat orders. And we continue to grow and in terms of overall market in term of capacity that we provide. Are we stand still, doing nothing? No. We are double, triple down in terms of investment, in terms of R&D. And so we'll continue to drive success and continue to drive -- clearly, the customer needs and requirement will continue to increase the complexity of the chip and the time-to-market and clearly, it's going to continue to drive the growth. And insofar, we have been heavily engaging with the customer. And some customer will use the multiple vendors, suppliers, but we continue to drive the performance, continue to drive the support, continue to drive the performance scalability, and we continue to invest
Lip-Bu Tan: In closing, Cadence continues to deliver great technology to our customers, and our business results reflect this. Our IP business is developing critical mass, and we expect it to be a strong contributor to our future growth and profitability. While the macro environment remain uncertain, Cadence has made great progress over the past several years in terms of technology, customer relationships, strategic alliance and financial performance. I believe Cadence is well positioned to continue to execute on all these fronts. Thank you, everyone, for joining us this afternoon. We look forward to speaking with you soon.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Okay. So Jay, approximately $40 million of the bookings increase was related to Tensilica. That's approximate of course. We're 2 days into the acquisition. And how we're going to treat the ratability versus upfront nature of the Tensilica business, licenses are going to clearly be considered ratable and are very similar to the ratable business we have. And just a definitional basis, we're going to call royalties ratable also. Again, the things that we'll -- we would call upfront would be then generally hardware upfront and perpetual licenses. As far as the overall guidance, clearly, we'd adjusted guidance based on our Q1 operating performance. It's very clear to us that the environment remains uncertain and challenging, both in the macroeconomic conditions and in the semiconductor conditions. We're quite comfortable with the guidance, and we clearly take that into account when we gave the guidance. As we said and Lip-Bu said just a minute ago on Palladium, right, we guided Palladium down for the year. We haven't changed our overall view on Palladium from where we started.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: So Jay, we're not going to give -- we don't give detail of our product segments on backlog or bookings or even on revenue. So -- but it's in line with our guidance.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Yes, so we said approximately $1.5 billion is the number. But the bookings range is $1.48 billion to $1.53 billion.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: I think, Rich, we match up really pretty well with our top -- the top semiconductor customers match up really well with our customer base. And based on overall size of the market that Edac [ph] talks about of $350 million, we believe we're still in a very good position.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: We will talk about that, Rich, more when we actually close the deal and probably with our Q2 earnings call. We like to wait until we close before we give much more color on that one.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Yes, so it's a little bit early for us to give a longer-term growth rate for the business. But clearly, we think that there are synergies with the our IP business and with their IP business and synergies also with our tool business that we think can lead to strong growth going forward. We'll talk more about, obviously, the future growth in Tensilica when we get to 2014 guidance. But again, we think strong synergies with our IP portfolio and strong synergies with our tool.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: So we can't give you the numbers, but as merger accounting works, right, this is impacting revenue, it's not impacting expenses. That $16 million would largely drop to the bottom line, if we didn't have deferred revenue.
