John Wall: Thanks Lip-Bu, and good afternoon everyone. I'm pleased to report that we exceeded all of our key operating metrics for the quarter. Broad-based growth across many lines of our business combined with some earlier than anticipated hardware sales, resulted in strong revenue growth in Q1. We continue to invest heavily in building out a multiphysics platform for system design and analysis. We completed our second acquisition of the year in the CFD space, when we acquired Pointwise in April, a leader in CFD mesh generation. The focus over the past few months in completing acquisitions contributed to some delays to our expected pace of hiring in Q1, but we expect to get hiring back on track by the second half of the year. Now, let's go through the key results for the first quarter, beginning with the P&L. Total revenue was $736 million. Non-GAAP operating margin was approximately 38%. GAAP EPS was $0.67 and non-GAAP EPS was $0.83. Next, turning to the balance sheet and cash flow. At quarter end cash totaled $743 million while the principal value of debt outstanding was $350 million. Operating cash flow for Q1 was $208 million. DSOs were 48 days and during Q1, we repurchased $172 million of Cadence shares. Before I provide our updated outlook for fiscal 2021 and what we expect for Q2, I'd like to take a moment to share the assumptions embedded in our outlook. The ongoing chip capacity constraints along with the recent surge in COVID-19 cases in India are expected to create a headwind for IP revenue for the remainder of this year. The revenue impact has been factored into our outlook. We expect expenses to increase in the second half of the year, primarily due to headcount growth as we continue to invest in our expanding multiphysics platform. We've included the Pointwise acquisition in our 2021 outlook. And finally, our outlook assumes that the export limitations that exist today for certain customers will remain in place for all of 2021. Embedding these assumptions into our outlook for fiscal 2021, we expect revenue in the range of $2.88 billion to $2.93 billion, Non-GAAP operating margin in the range of 35% to 36%, GAAP EPS in the range of $2.01 to $2.09. Non-GAAP EPS in the range of $2.99 to $3.07. Operating cash flow in the range of $900 million to $950 million, and we expect to use at least 50% of our free cash flow to repurchase Cadence shares in 2021. For Q2 2021, we expect revenue in the range of $705 to $725 million, non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 36%, GAAP EPS in the range of $0.44 to $0.48 and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.74 to $0.78. Our CFO commentary, which is available on our website, includes our outlook for additional items as well as further analysis and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations. In conclusion, the Cadence team delivered another quarter of strong operating results and remain focused on driving profitable revenue growth. We'd like to thank our customers, partners and of course our employees for a solid start to 2021. And I'd like to remind them all, that their health and safety continues to be our first priority. And with that operator, we'll now take questions.
John Wall: Yes, sure. Jason that's the -- on the COVID 19, I mean the worsening pandemic in India could have some impact to the timing of delivery for certain hardened IPs that required testing labs. And as we said on the -- in our prepared remarks that's been factored into our updated outlook, India build us out last year, if you recall, we had similar challenges back in Q2 last year in North America, and we're hoping we can do the same thing now, but it could cause some fluctuation in revenue timing between quarters. The bigger impact on the year is probably in relation to chip capacity constraints. Last quarter, when we talked about that, my expectation was royalties might be flat year-over-year. I now expect them to be slightly down. So, there is a slight headwind built into the guide this quarter for that.
John Wall: Hi, this is John. I think that's just a reflection of a low renewals quarter. Yes, we'd expect remaining performance obligations to ratchet back up before the end of the year.
John Wall: Yes, China's back, I mean clearly it is back to more normal levels of business at the 12% level. The stats mainly because the strength appears to be more broad based across geographies this year. If you recall the -- in Q3, we had a really strong hardware quarter, and within China I mean, this quarter in Q1, a lot of the strength within North America and more balanced across all the regions, across all the geographies. The -- Yes in our outlook, I've assumed they returned to our usual recurring revenue mix in the region as well and that along with the fact that we have one less week in the second half of fiscal '21 kind of contributes to the conservative revenue outlook in the second half. When we get to the summer, we'll have increased visibility into the -- into revenue for the second half and the pipeline for the second half and we can update the outlook then at that time.
John Wall: Yes, Gal. We implemented a -- an incentive -- we incentivized the sales force to try and close some Z1 and X1 business as early as possible in the year in preparation for the launch of our new Z2 and X2 hardware systems. That was more successful than we originally thought and about $10 million of Q1's revenue, I'd originally forecast to happen in Q2. So of the $16 million beat, I guess at the midpoint for Q1, there's probably $6 million of that was a true beat and $10 million was what we originally thought would fall into Q2 that happened a little bit earlier in Q1.
John Wall: Yes, I think that's a good observation Joe. We're building the systems as quickly as we can. There is clearly demand there. That's -- the systems, the dynamic duo for the tight integration with unified compiler and interfaces. The Palladium Z2 and Protium X2 systems are designed to address the challenges faced by those designing for the most advanced electronic applications, including mobile consumer and hyperscale computing design. So we expect demand to be very strong and they have -- I mean the customers can achieve up to 2 times capacity and 1.5 times performance improvements with each platform. And they work so well together, like you see the team call them the dynamic duo, so it is important for us to launch them together which we're building them as quickly as we can and so there's plenty of demand for them, but like to say by the time we have built in everything it might impact the second half of the year more than the first.
John Wall: That's exactly right Joe. It's -- I mean it's basically what you're seeing is the compounded effect of revenue happening a little bit earlier than originally forecast, because of the success of that incentive program and the success of the sales of Z1 and X1 in Q1 and then hiring getting delayed a little bit to later in the year as we focused on closing some acquisitions for the CFD space.
John Wall: Yes, what I would add is that, Jay, I mean you're exactly right. I mean, you look at the tools that we create on the software side, there is a lot of R&D and AE intensity in terms of supporting those tools. And if you look at the software that we're selling, you can really bifurcate all the licenses into two groups. There is the interactive tools, where every license need the driver and then there is like simulation tools where they're kind of batch process tools, where one engineer can kick-off like 1,000 simulations if they want, and that's partly why the system analysis part of the business, the simulation part of the business is the most profitable part of our software business, because in all cases, our expenses are generally tethered to the R&D and AE engineers required to support the software, but the revenue is not headed in relation dissemination. It's not tethered to the numbered engineers in simulation licenses and I think that's why we see that being more profitable.
John Wall: Hi, Gary. Nice try, I mean, we're not disclosing those separately, but we're very, very pleased with both acquisitions and delighted to have them as part of the Cadence family.
John Wall: Yes, John, good question. It's last quarter, I thought for the year, I thought we'd be flat because of unit volumes. We weren't expecting any improvement in unit volumes. And in fact in Q1, I think our royalty revenue for Q1 was flat on Q1 2020, but the forecast looking out over the next three quarters and my team goes through a detailed analysis, it depends on, I guess the mix of customers that we have the unit volumes that they have, but their forecast suggests that we'll be slightly down now and that headwinds being built into the -- into our forecast. So I don't mean that to be a commentary on the entire industry. It's just in relation to the customers that we generate royalty revenue from. We expect their unit volumes to be down.
John Wall: Yes, John backed into the for China basically expecting us to mean revert back to our normal mix of business between upfront and recurring revenue. In the second half of last year we had more upfront revenue than average particularly in China. And I wasn't happy that I wouldn't -- I wasn't happy to extrapolate that for all of 2021, because I felt that's the second half look like an anomaly. So I thought for guidance purposes and to be conservative, we would assume that we may revert back to our normal recurring revenue mix right in the middle of that 85% to 90% range that we normally have for the company, even though, China is probably slightly more upfront than us. And that would kind of -- my expectation then is that China is very hard to predict, but somewhere in the 12% to 13% range for revenue and that's where it came out for Q1. So that's what we've embedded into the guide. We will have better visibility once we get to the middle of the year and we'll update then. But we're kind of assuming we revert back to me, than I thought that was the best way to derisk the year for China.
John Wall: I would say it did naturally. The extra revenue would have boosted margins in Q1 at the expense of Q2, but that would only be a shift between one quarter and the other. The delay in hiring would have benefited Q1 and also benefited the year. We expect to catch up with the hiring, but of course, because we didn't higher in Q1 as quickly as we thought those savings are both in Q1 and the year.
John Wall: No the incentives, I'm sorry, let me clarify. The incentives I was talking about were more sales incentives for our sales team.
John Wall: Yes. Sure Ruben, the forecast that my team provided may look like there was softness in Q2 and Q3 for the particular mix of customers that we generate IP royalty revenue from and it looked like it was recovering in Q4. I think that gets your point, but again, I don't mean for this to be any commentary on the industry in any way. It's just the mix of customers that we recognize royalty revenue from.
John Wall: Yes good questions Vivek. I mean we don't see any near-term ceiling on operating margins. I was glad to see that even with the outlook at 35.5% at the midpoint that's I think we're now at 50% incremental margins comparing 2021 to 2019. As long as we're delivering incremental margins of 50% that's where clearly there is operating leverage in the model. What you're seeing in the impact of the reason that operating margins are slightly lower in the second half it's the combination of two acquisitions and delayed hiring activity into the second half, that also we have a merit cycle that kicks in July 1. That puts -- with all that said we're heavily investing in building out a multiphysics platform for the future. Like I say, there is no near-term ceiling to that operating leverage.
Anirudh Devgan: Yes. That's a great question, Jason. Yes, I mean you might have noticed that we beat our midpoint of guidance in Q1, partly that was due to -- trying to manage the Osborn effect on transitioning to our new Palladium Z2 and prototyping X2 system. We had an incentive plan in place to try and sell as many of those Z1s and X1s before we launched the new products. So, we expect strong uptick for those new products with the incentive the plan worked really well, and Q1 was a really strong hardware quarter for us. It's a testament to the compelling value of our hardware solutions. They're providing both chip and system level customers across multiple use models.
Anirudh Devgan: Yes, Thank you for the question. Let me answer that this is Anirudh. So first of all, we are excited about CFD, like we mentioned last time and it is a very big segment into some analysis close to $1.5 billion, $1.6 billion. So we are excited focused on that. And Pointwise is a leader in machine technology, so we are glad to work with them and bring them in-house. So we think combining Pointwise with NUMECA and our organic capability in parallel and distributed computing can give a very, very state-of-the art solution for the CFD market. So we want to make sure we do well in CFD and as you know, we are already in electromagnetics with Clarity and Thermal with Celsius. So I think these are our focus areas for now. And then we'll see how things go in these segments. But so far, we are optimistic. And actually if you look at Q1 results, we had good growth versus Q1 of last year, so we -- like John said, we are continuing to invest in this space and we are still early in CFD, but optimistic about it.
Anirudh Devgan: Yes. Thank you, Lip-Bu. I just want to add that I mean there is one exciting thing is not only the -- I believe the node transitions are continuing. In terms of R&D, we are mostly working on 2-nanometer now. 3-nanometer is an early kind of design activity, but what is also promising which you already know, is that there are multiple foundries doing these advanced nodes. So I think overall the industry seems pretty healthy. So not just -- there are several key foundries, all working on advanced mode. So we are optimistic and like Lip-Bu said, we see lot of activities as these advanced nodes. And that coupled with 3D IC, these advanced nodes, I think there is a lot of design activity that we see.
Anirudh Devgan: That, I think that just depends on the customer adoption. I mean there is some work we do from R&D standpoint to get ready for a new node or a variant of the same node. The variant -- work on variant of the same node is less than R&D work for a new node. So it just depends on, from a work standpoint. But in terms of customer adoption depends which nodes the customers will adopt and we would like to work with them in whichever flavor they choose based on their requirements.
Anirudh Devgan: Yes, that's a great question. So first of all, we do feel pretty good about Pointwise and NUMECA, like I mentioned and they are good technologies. They already have some scale and we can scale them more with our sales force and customer connections. At the same time we will enhance them with our organically -- organic technologies of parallel and distributed computing, so we will definitely enhance them further. And like Lip-Bu and John mentioned, I think all these investments are built into our guidance and we feel good already in terms, so we -- at this point, we already have significant scale R&D investment in System Analysis. So because of Clarity and other products. So we feel good. In terms of the amount of R&D we have already invested and we'll go from there. So, but I think bottom line, we feel that the point was NUMECA and our organic development, we have lot of capabilities and scale it in the CFD market.
Anirudh Devgan: Yes, definitely. So, as you know our System Analysis business, if you compare from Q1 last year to Q1 this year is up significantly right, close to 30% and AWR is a key part of that. There is some part of it that is M&A, but organically, also our after acquisition both AWR and EMA integrand are going well -- growing well and if you see Lip-Bu's prepared comments, we mentioned Qualcomm is the expanded use of AWR and Clarity. So we don't break it out separately these different products, but overall they are growing well and we are happy of AWR and Integrand growth after acquisition there. Because we can provide a more complete solution along with Virtuoso, Clarity, the overall system design and analysis solution.
Lip Tan: Yes, this is Lip-Bu. Let me just have a -- answer that first and then John or Anirudh can add onto it. So first of all, we clearly we have and will continue to comply with all the export our control regulations including the military end user and the list that you've mentioned. But we -- clearly, we are not going to comment on certain specific companies. But everything we know we already built into the -- our guidance.
Lip Tan: I can start first and then Anirudh can chip in. Now, clearly I think the complexity and the dynamic of the demand is very strong on that five generation of phase. And so we are excited. We don't see any slowdown on the design. In terms of process node migrations, clearly we're marching forward down to five in production and 3 in design, always engaging right now. But clearly, that's a lot of demand on that. We are very heavily investing in that, because every nodes is a new opportunity for us and we are very excited about it. In terms of the technology and process might be Anirudh can update you where we are.
Lip Tan: Yes, I think in that manufacturing in US is clearly a welcome and of course any new foundry or expansion is always good for us in terms of tool and IP enablement. And so we have excited opportunity and then you will increase the design activity and also meet the customer requirement of the advanced nodes and packaging also. So I think overall, we think as a positive development and we welcome that opportunity to provide service and the design and IP to enable that.
Lip Tan: Yeah, it's very hard to tell, but I think overall it should be a net increase, because clearly, now we're excited. We have a deep partnership with TSMC, Samsung of the world. Anything new and there is a lot of more IP in term of optimizing and also they have their own process and PDK and then, so I think overall, from my point of view, I think it would be a net increase. And then, we're happy to help. And at the end of the day, this is not the foundry, the EDA and then how to meet our customer requirements when they want to move into a new foundry, they need a lot of different tools and optimization and process and rivalry. And overall I think it will be a net improvement for us.
Lip Tan: Thank you all for joining us this afternoon. I'm very excited about the growing market opportunity and the business momentum so far in 2021. Our Intelligent System Design strategy is playing out very nicely as we benefit from the new opportunities in Design Excellence, System Innovation and Pervasive Intelligence and an expanded total addressable market. I'm very pleased also to share that Fortune and The Great Place to Work as honored us as one of the 2021 100 Best Companies to Work For, which marks Cadence's seventh year in the role being named in this prestigious list. Cadence was recognized as one of the best company to work for, thanks to our outstanding people-first culture and the history of innovation. And lastly, on behalf of our employees and our Board of Directors, we want to thank our customers and partners for their continued trust and confident during this unprecedented time.
