Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, this is Lip-Bu. Let me start first. I think this large contract we referred to is a marquee global company. We cannot say more than that. But clearly it’s a very big contract for us and clearly across product line and you know, clearly, digital is a very good portion of that and then also our verification, our IP business. So overall we are very excited about it and we clearly want to do everything we can to support and then proliferate that business across, and I think that we also have multiple account, we are engaging heavily and we are excited with the encouragement from our customer. Overall I think across our product line we’re very excited about it.
Lip-Bu Tan: Right. I think let me try to answer that. Clearly we are very excited about analog and custom offering and then clearly in the advance node, we are very active with our Virtual also and then also moving to the most advanced node like 10 nanometer and beyond, and a lot of SoC system-on-chip kind of a mixed-signal and then a big portion of that is digital and analog. And so it’s also proliferating well. We don’t comment any specific customer situations but overall we don't see any slowdown. Our custom analog continues to be a good business for us.
Lip-Bu Tan: Okay. I don’t hear too well at the end of it. But anyway I think I get a good grab of your question, so I think related to emulation hardware business. Customer demand for the emulation product remains very strong, clearly for mobile FinFET and our 64 bit and our Palladium XP as I mentioned are doing well. Simulation acceleration, use model hybrid and then clearly with ARM, we indicated the performance 50x faster OS boot-up. And then we also -- besides the mobile side, beside the international ASIC [ph] business are growing very nicely. We also find new user and like for example, I mentioned about the mil/aero system company, very excited about Palladium new customer.  Just answer your question about the next-generation emulation, development on the platform is well underway. But we’re not going to comment anything specifically about the dates. Clearly we’re going to sell we have, and in the meanwhile I think the Palladium XP tools are shipping in large volume and we’re happy with that, is a clear significant performance and productivity. All I can tell about the next-generation, we are way on our way and is on track. We have a very talented team we put together and then it’s a very big supercomputer and we’re excited about their progress, stay tuned. When the time is ready, we will announce it.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, good questions. So first of all, I can you can look at EDAG [ph] or whatever places you can find for the data for the market. But overall it’s a good business for us. It’s very important for our work, you know, I call it the Verification Development Suite and now we have a whole suite, hardware VIP insight system doing well and then we have just acquired Jasper and also higher-level of abstraction like C-to-Silicon and Forte. So we have an entire suite provide to our customer, and then this whole hardware software convergence is happening now and we are very well-positioned for doing that.  So I think all in all, we are excited about it and then we continue to be the best leading emulations tool in the marketplace. Clearly of the top 20 semiconductor companies, 15 are using us and then of the application processor, top 10, 9 is using us. So we don't see any major shift at all and then clearly the demand is very strong and we continue to support and supply them.  In terms of the usage, there are -- some are new, like I mentioned earlier, like the mil/aero and some of the vertical new customer for us. In the meanwhile there are some, you know, very fast growing in Asia, in China, they are using us and then they increase rapidly. And then the other part is, there is a lot of existing customers, tier 1 customers, they are expanding their capacity because they need more, and they keep coming back to us to get more, increase their capacity. So overall in terms of new usage, in terms of new customer from the system guy and also from the silicon guy, and they are increasing the capacity. So overall it’s a good business and then we continue to invest and drive the best product in the marketplace. And we are well on our way in the development. 
Lip-Bu Tan: I think overall it’s a good market. Clearly ourselves, our competitor enjoy that. And in the meanwhile there's a lot of increasing capacities, [almost a must have], when you do the advanced complex, advanced chip. And this is a very quick and most accurate way to verify what you design the complexity is increasing, the need for the hardware emulation and clearly not just the emulation, also in the simulation acceleration that we’re focusing on and we’re continuing to grow that. And also all the way into the prototyping, we announced our Protium products and they are now handling all the prototyping requirement. So actually we have a whole suite of hardware coming up, plus our whole verification development suite, and they tie in all the software tool, the IP together. So it’s a very compelling for customer then to use that. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I think it’s a very exciting time when the top tier customers are reaching out to us, and clearly our product is coming up strong. And then secondly, they see us as a very viable future technology they need and we always want to strive for the best product, best tool, the best IP to provide to our customer for their design, and along the way when we have to make investment into some of this area, are to drive leadership and drive customer success. Some of the area we may need to – the restructuring and make sure that we can really refocus on the investment in that area that really drive the maximum return to our shareholders. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. So let me start first and then Geoff can chip in. So clearly I mentioned in my remarks, we have a very marquee global company increasing substantially in the most advanced node with us. And clearly we need -- want to make sure that we are able to support and deliver and also proliferate across the product line, and then I think that we also have a tremendous opportunity across all functions. So digital, we have a lot of new suite of products coming up and then clearly our Incisive is doing very well; VIP is doing well in the most challenging, most advanced node and most complex design. So with that, we clearly want to take this opportunity to support that and then make sure that we put the right people, the right technology development to serve that. So I think overall it is a very exciting opportunity for us. I think that we continue to drive efficiency, drive the productivity that Geoff referred to.  So I think overall, I think, we’re going to continue doing that in a very optimized way and meanwhile delivering the metrics that we have been consistently delivering. And so I think we’re not going to give any guidance on the 2015 but overall I think we like what we have. We continue to invest and support the technology and customer needs. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, we just mentioned that is a marquee global company, and I would not say more than that. And we are delighted and then continue to stay tuned. In our Q1, we mentioned one big consumer company success. We’re going to continue making great progress and in terms of wins and expand our customers, and we have multiple opportunities in front of us and in various stages of our engagement and we are excited about what we are seeing. I think clearly our customers realize that we have a roadmap. Clearly we execute well and then clearly we have a technology they need, and we continue to drive innovation. In the last 18 months we announced 10 new products, 2 in the last quarter, and then stay tuned, we have coming up, and then we are excited with the innovating culture we have and continue to drive the best tool in IP so that our customer can count on us to developing the most challenging product they want to announce. 
Lip-Bu Tan: So let me talk in general, and overall I think we are excited across our product line. The last five years, six years we invest in, now we are starting to see the fruits of that. Clearly digital signoff is a great opportunity, as I mentioned about Tempus, Voltus in terms of customer adoption. And then secondly, clearly verification becomes very important, it’s a double-digit growth for us. And then clearly we have a whole suite of product from hardware to VIP to -- Incisive is doing really well, and the advanced verification is doing really well for us.  And then the other part is the PCB is also doing really well because of – you know, more and more customer they really need not just tool, not just IP, and also the whole PC board, the whole system, the whole system analysis that we bought in Sigrity and integrate with Allegro, that turned out to be a very helpful for them. So overall I think this whole pieces that we have been investing the last 5, 6 years and now we’re going to continue, are driving even more success and then some of these customer we have been engaging for the last couple of years. And now they feel comfortable to adopting and then become the really – and now the critical piece of their design and they can count on us. And then clearly our investment into the advanced node, 14, 16, and now 10, we are also in the engagement in terms of 7 nanometer. So all in all, we have a roadmap that customers feel comfortable, they can trust us and they can count on us.
Lip-Bu Tan: I think IP business has been good for us. We have a record revenue for the quarter and then clearly demonstrating the breadth of our portfolio. We have the whole portfolio IP that the customer can count on. Clearly the VIP achieved the strongest booking for us. Clearly the Tensilica, the acquisition we make, are making great progress, customers love it and the programmability with low power and this is a very exciting for a lot of application Internet of Things and also the whole embedded processing market opportunity. So I think all in all we have all the key ingredient of the memory IP, DDR3, DDR4 that we highlight. And then we also have -- clearly have all the high-speed connectivity, so the PCIe, USB product that customers in the most advanced node are starting to supporting us. So it’s a good growing area for us and then really tie into our whole system design enablement strategy and IP and our growing core EDA and then now with the PCB side, all tie in together, this is very exciting for our customers. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Sure, Krish, I think clearly you followed on the announcement China view semiconductor as strategic important to them, they aim for more semiconductor than oil. And so – and also I think the overall 300 billion business, more than 50% is consumed in China. And so with that, they have been paying a lot of attention, they announced a big fund, to investing into the semiconductor sector and not just for manufacturing and also for the design, large scale design. Those are very significant movement. Clearly from Cadence point of view, we pay a lot of attention. This is a very important game-changer, we call it the China factor. And so clearly in all the key companies, there also have been a couple of acquisition, Spectrum, RDA, Montage and Omnivision, they are in the process of acquiring that. And so I think with those, clearly we want to make sure that our tool and IP are in all those companies and so that we can proliferate and then working with the government in terms of driving some of these, the best tool and design capability.  And then some of them are really world-class companies. I mentioned one, HiSilicon in my remarks, 16 nanometer in real production FinFET and that is a very advanced. Same thing, you will hear, Spectrum in terms of a lot of development they have, in the most advanced stage. And we just want to make sure that they are using the best tool and IP that they can find to their design so that this is kind of a global, rather than just China, is a more global development and we just have to make sure that the global leading companies, make sure that they all are using our tool and IP and that is our objective. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Good question, Rich. Let me touch on that. So first of all, I think clearly we are all aware about the macro level risks, slowing down growth in China and then a possible recession in Europe, following the commodity prices and the political unrest in couple of areas. So I think clearly we keep that in mind. I think that clearly when we’re pursuing the system design enablement synergy, we’re addressing system and semiconductor companies. And then clearly the system companies are doing really well and we’re expanding our business, with several of them over the past quarter.  And then on the semiconductor side, clearly it’s mixed. And you saw some of the report are good, some of the report is not as good. But overall from, on the ground level what I see from the customer side, as you know I'm very involved with all our customers, very strong design activity underway, especially in advanced node. So I think clearly from the last quarter, a little bit more caution about the short-term, clearly because of the environment. And also I mean you look at the recent data in terms of company guidance and also the sentiments of ACE that participate in JPMorgan GSA, it’s a little bit mixed and just had to be a little bit cautioned on that. But seeing that we see tremendous opportunity in the system side, system companies. We see tremendous opportunity in the advanced nodes, actually the leading winning customer platform, we are very, very busy engaging and supporting and helping them. So I think all in all, I think it's I would say optimistic but a little bit caution in the short term.
Lip-Bu Tan: And then Rich, just to add on a little bit of what Geoff is talking about. And clearly if you look at the – besides our organic development, we are always looking at any M&A opportunity in a very disciplined approach. But overall if you look out in the M&A landscape in the IP and EDA, there is not much to buy. And so I think the customer is counting on us to innovate for the next generation future technology and we basically like to be in that position, the last five years we have been investing. And so we have a culture of innovating new products and going forward, there is a lot of innovation needed and we want to be the innovating company that continues driving new products coming up that our customers can count on us to design the most complex chip in a timely fashion that they need and then also can verify accurately for them to time to market. So overall I think we’ve felt that this is the right thing for us to do, when the customer is responding to us, we want to make sure that we support and then make them successful and in the meanwhile also can proliferate and then besides that, we are also looking forward how to – really help their life better in terms of designing much better products and addressing the power, addressing the performance, the PAA and then time to market, so those are the things that we are investing going forward, and so that the company can be sustainable in our business. 
Lip-Bu Tan: So good question, so clearly our system design enablement strategy is working. We have executed to that plan and as I mentioned in my remarks, a couple of successful wins in the system side, in the medical, in the mil/aero and automotive. And so we continue to drive success with that, and then clearly the system company, they need a whole suite of requirement, not just tool, not just IP, not just the PCB board, system analysis and also the hardware software co-design, co-verification in a very expanded way. We are in a unique position to provide that to our customer, and that’s why I system companies like our offerings and we will continue to drive some of the success and some of these verticals are very good and as you know their margin, their system and the service providing, they are much broader and much profitable. And clearly the margin over time it should be better than semiconductor. And then overall I think going to help the industry in terms of growing.  So this is a very good excitement for the EDA and the player because this has opened up a new opportunity for the whole system company, and they decided to go vertically integrated and then they provide optimization in every level and so that anything we can provide them to optimize their offering and also time to market is more critical for them. And so this is a very exciting opportunity for all of us. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Jay, this is a very good question, and so besides we mentioned quite a lot about the advanced nodes. And clearly a big chunk of our business is in the older nodes and clearly a lot of analog, pure analog and the mixed signal play, they don’t need to push the envelope on the advanced node. And then some of the older nodes, they have new and application, they need to meet and so they have a lot of different requirement, either high-voltage or some of the more special requirement. We continue to work with them, continue to make sure that those are optimized. And so it’s a very important portion of our business in the analog, we call it the [jewel of caw], that is many many of those customers and we want to make sure that we also – some of the thing that we learn in the advanced node, we can also contribute into the older notes and make them more optimized and then more efficient.  And so I think clearly our announcement with ARM on the collaboration on Internet of Things and wearables are targeting the TSMC ultra low power processors are another example. And clearly the Internet of Things, everybody's excited about that 50 billion units and then – but they have some different requirements, power becomes very important, programmability has become very important but they may not be pushing the most advanced node but some of those nodes they are going to pick and have to be the important and drive some of the optimization for that specific application, we look at the customer, so even though we did not mention it, we also pay a lot of attention to support the customer need on some of these older nodes. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Oh, the others, okay. So I think overall I think the environment is healthy and the pricing is quite stable. There is a lot of room for growth, as we kind of mentioned that across the board. Digital signoff is a great opportunity, it’s a big [TAM], we are laser focused on that. And clearly our custom analog mixed signal is a great driving growth for us, and they move into the most advanced node, and more applications. Clearly the PCB board, the system analysis has become a very important critical part of their design, and then the verification, a lot of time becomes the bottleneck, and then we have an entire suite from hardware, VIP, all the way to Incisive to higher-level abstraction and also the former verifications that we bought from Jasper is very good tool for a lot of processor and compact SoC. So all in all we see strength across the board and – but more important I think clearly we and our competitors are essentially – very essential to the electronic and the electronic system and so we basically, all of us try to provide the best tool, the best IP, because time to market is way important, the cost of respin is very expensive when you move down the geometry, and so in a way or form we can help them to make their design quicker and faster and more elegant and they find a box earlier in the verification, the hardware emulation, will play a music to the ear and we want to be the partners of choice for them really – optimally our goal is basically help them to design the best product in the best timing fashions, and that’s our job.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you. In closing, I would like to recognize our hardworking employees for the results we have achieved, and thank all of our shareholders, customers, and partners for everyone’s continued support and help. Thank you all of you for joining us this afternoon.
Geoff Ribar: I think, Monica, we’ll go back to our business model, right? Our business model is heavily dependent on a number of engineers that our customers have, not necessarily the ups and downs in their revenue cycle. So we continue to see them keeping a number of engineers and focusing on getting new designs out the door which helps us. 
Geoff Ribar: And I think one more point -- year-over-year we are up in volume, all through pricing has clearly been impacted. So we expect revenue to be down for the year but the volumes are up year-over-year. 
Geoff Ribar: And I think it's a good business for us, it’s a good business for our competitors. It’s a secular market that we believe is growing. And to answer one more question, we haven't seen any significant shifts in market share.
Geoff Ribar: Yes, we always look at the efficiency and effectiveness of our spending. And so I think we took a look and decided to make some changes that will allow us to invest in some other areas that are important to us and focus the resources where we want to focus on. Beyond that, we are not giving any details. 
Geoff Ribar: Yes, our business model is still intact. We love our business, we move the business model. We love the recurring revenue nature of the business. And we think we’re operating it pretty well, based on our financial results we had in Q3. 
Geoff Ribar: And I think, you know, the primary factors that are going to drive our business going forward certainly are revenue growth, our success in managing the business efficiently and effectively, including improving quality and some of the restructurings and those types of things we do, and our success in [growing] new business with major customers which may increase support costs for those customers. So beyond that, as Lip-Bu said we’re not guiding beyond the current year. 
Geoff Ribar: No, mostly it's the increased vacations and those types of things that happened in the summer. Generally our expenses were relatively flat across-the-board from Q2 to Q3, that applies to sales and marketing also.
Geoff Ribar: So this number was included in our guidance when we guided Q3 and Q4 the second half of the year. I do want to point out the sequential growth from Q2 to Q3 and from Q3 to Q4 in revenue. I think the revenue growth is something we’re pretty proud of, and I think it reflects the business that we've been getting so. And yes, so we expected -- as you could tell, we expected to win this business.
Geoff Ribar: Yeah, I don't think I’ve ever said the 3% is the number. I think generally it's – we’re clearly not guiding 2015 but generally I think the factors that drive our business model is again revenue growth, effectiveness and efficiency of our spending and -- as we capture new business from our customers the investment required to sustain that business. So that's where we are willing to go.
Geoff Ribar: And Krish, on FX, Japan is our one business that we don’t do revenue in US currency. We obviously do it in yen. It’s 11% or so of our business. The impact in FX, hasn’t been material for us this year thus far. Also offsetting any impact on the yen, of course, we do have expenses in many currencies and typically to some extent those offset. So we haven’t had any material impact on FX so far this year.
Geoff Ribar: And again I always like to remind you, Rich, that – again, our recurring revenue model and the fact that their revenue cycles don't necessarily impact our revenue cycles. 
Geoff Ribar: Sure, we always look at our business and make a determination where we are spending money and where we should be spending money. Clearly as Lip-Bu talked about, we’ve had a material win in the last quarter with a global company. We expect more coming and those do require investments, I think, as we mentioned clearly. The restructuring helps us afford those investments and make sense for us to be doing it, where we are shifting resources from areas where they are less productive and less important perhaps to these areas. 
Geoff Ribar: Yes. So the reasons we have lowered cash during the year again was the voluntary retirement plan that impacted the Jasper acquisition on cash flow, the lower margin in hardware and then this restructuring. We’re obviously not guiding 2015 as I am sure you are aware, some of those things won’t be repeated right in the future, obviously and some may be repeated in the future. So right now that’s kind of the best we can do.
Geoff Ribar: Yes. I think as you win business with these customers, these are the customers you want us to be winning with, right? And they are doing the most advanced designs. We want to maintain both the technology and the customer support for these, and by the way winning doesn’t mean we are done with the incremental business of these guys, we believe we can focus and expand these opportunities going forward. So I think all those things are important to us and as we look at the business from the long term. 
Geoff Ribar: Yes. Obviously royalties are the important part of our revenue in IP business and have been since we acquired Tensilica over a year ago, and that continues. 
Geoff Ribar: Yeah, we don’t – we obviously break down the business by the business. And IP and functional verification were very strong, even on an absolute basis almost everybody was up quarter over quarter for us but some guys grew faster. As far as the geo splits between where it grow faster or not, we don't break them down.
Geoff Ribar: Yes, I think what we’ve said is year-over-year revenue -- not revenue is up, but volume is up year-over-year. Obviously the revenue has been impacted by the margin business. And you can draw your own conclusions from the cost of goods. 
Geoff Ribar: I think it just came out this morning, it’s too early to tell. Clearly we have a very wide diversified customer base, no customer are more than 5% of our revenue, clearly we are engaging and – both IBM and GLOBALFOUNDRIES I think is a win-win for both company. We cannot comment on that but overall I think we pay a lot of attention, we reach out to them and we will learn more about it. But overall we have no customer more than 5% of our revenue, so the impact is not a lot. But meanwhile it’s a new development, clearly it’s good for GLOBALFOUNDRIES in their advanced nodes, and then some of the RF capability. And clearly IBM is a very important customer for us. We continue to support in the transition – we always do that.  So I think overall we just have to learn along the way, it’s too early to tell.
