Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, it's a very good question. I think overall, we look at the whole global economy. Clearly there are some risks in Europe and US, actually impacted the semiconductor demand. Clearly the growth is more the low single-digit to zero. If you look at a lot of our customers, it's very much a mixed result. But clearly, as I mentioned, the smartphone, tablet are growing. Cloud infrastructure are growing. Meanwhile, seeing that design activity remains strong, and so from Cadence point of view, we still see the momentum of design is still very strong. So I think, answer your question, the semiconductor R&D spending growth, I will say somewhere between 5% to 8% growth.Paul Thomas – Bank of America: All right. Thank you very much.
Lip-Bu Tan: Sure. Let me address first and then Geoff can chip in. So, first of all, clearly, we have the best-of-class, any complex chip below 40-nanometer has become a must-have, because, you know, really help with time to market, and also the hardware/software integration, and also identify the parts quicker that will really help in the time to market. So I think we continue to see demand, and that's why I mentioned that we have a couple of new logos, nine of them, and then also I think you're going to see more and more customers are using that and they come back for repeat orders. And so, overall, we continue to see a strength in terms of the design, I call it the application-driven design that require that, and we have the best-of-breed in terms of the products. And then Geoff can talk to you more about our expectation for the second half.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, good question. We continue to drive success in our digital flow, and I think we already mentioned a couple of them. I think last week is a very important one, is ARM, the 20-nanometer with their Cortex A15. We're basically (inaudible) of world number one, first in terms of Cortex A15, that open up tremendous opportunity for us in terms of customer using ARM A15. And so this is really exciting for us. So, clearly demonstrate that in our competitiveness in terms of our digital flow. And then I mentioned earlier, they're using the whole RTL to sign off design flow, and that is very significant. And then the other part is we're also moving up into the leadership in the advanced nodes. And that's critical because customers like to see the roadmap and then how can you support their design and then fabricated at the foundries, partners, like Samsung, TSMC, I mentioned in my remarks. I think that's very important for us. And then besides that, we continue to fine-tune and continue to, you know, most important is customer win, and I'm a very strong believer of vertical collaboration and providing customer with the highest performance, differentiating products in the marketplace to win.Raj Seth – Cowen and Company: Great. I wonder if I could ask one more and then a quick follow-up for Geoff. Can you go back to the cycle? I mean there's lots of debate around severity and duration of the semi cycle. I understand EDA feels good now. But you've been around a long time and touched lots of folks in the semi industry. I wonder if you could just reflect for a minute on what they're telling you and what your sense is on where we are in the broader semiconductor cycle, if you could. Thanks.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah. I think, Jay, first of all, I think across the board, the product continue to improve and drive competitiveness. Clearly we have a lot of commitment to the core EDA. That means the digital flow, analog, mixed signal, and all the way to packaging. And so that is our core business, we are very committed to that. And you can see the result of our success in the digital, mixed signal and continue down all the way to the packaging side. The 3D IC, the [chip], and I think we continue to drive that. And then we are very prudently investing and also drive success in the SoC that include IP and differentiating IP, and also the verification IP, the design IP and verification IP. And also we continue to see the momentum and strength in the hardware emulation Palladium, and that we expand that into the whole development suite and then move, you know, expand that whole area to Rapid Prototyping Platform and also into the time-to-integration, and then drive the hardware/software co-design, co-development. So I think we pretty much stick to the investment into our EDA360 application-driven strategy.
Lip-Bu Tan: So I think on the second part of the question, about PCB, clearly, you know, besides -- I mentioned earlier that we are very unique in terms of not just digital and mixed signal and analog, we also -- all the way to packaging, and then on the IC packaging and also 3D IC packaging. And we also have the PCB side, and then the latest version of our Allegro PCB is focused on high-end, high-speed board design that we had been doing very good in terms of the -- well-received in the new products, and it brings new capabilities and features to drive some of the design costs down. And so I think that has been very welcomed by our customers. And I mentioned earlier about the whole 3D IC that gained a lot of momentum. We are heavily engaging with customers on that. And we also introduced our OrCAD marketplace that provide that online for application for our OrCAD product line. And that is more addressing a lot into China and some of this PCB opportunity. And we also strengthened some of our distribution channel so that we can be effectively -- compete and win in the marketplace.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. In closing, Q3 was another great quarter for Cadence, and we have momentum going into Q4. Our solution are ready for 20-nanometer design. We have demonstrated product leadership in the design of SoC using advanced multicore processors. Our recent acquisitions are already benefiting customers. Our key operating metrics are all improving. Thank you everyone for joining us this afternoon. We look forward to speaking with you soon.
Geoff Ribar: Yes. So we don't break up the hardware business, Rich, as I think you're aware. But I think as Lip-Bu highlighted, clearly there's a secular trend here going, driving that business. We did say earlier we expected the business in the second half to be less than the first half of the year, and that will be true. But we don't guide specifically on that.Rich Valera – Needham and Company: Okay, that's helpful. Thank you. And based on your prepared remarks, I don’t think you've changed your strategy at all, but in the wake of the departure of John Bruggeman I guess shortly after your last call, just wanted to confirm that the sort of EDA360 strategy was sort of firmly in place. Just talk about that a bit.
Geoff Ribar: Sure. And I want to clarify, we talked about mid-20s as far as our operating results.Raj Seth – Cowen and Company: Sure.
Geoff Ribar: Yeah. So, seasonality in revenue is largely not part of a ratable model. So we don't expect much seasonality in revenue. We will have the traditional Q1 FICO and social security tax coming into expenses, offset by probably some other things. So, generally, I think that would be the major swing item.Raj Seth – Cowen and Company: Okay. Thank you.
Geoff Ribar: Yes. So, generally when they trigger the exercise price, it still doesn’t -- it's still not in the holders' economic interest to convert the market value. If those converts are higher than the conversion price, we'll do it. So if it triggers it back in, we'll move them back in to current. But it's really not something we think has economic impact to the company. We do have the 2011 converts coming due later this quarter, which we'll pay off from the cash flow.
Geoff Ribar: Sure. I'll talk about Asia and then Lip-Bu will talk about the system interconnect business or PCB business. So, I think I always toss to everybody in the EDA that the market number -- market share numbers and as-reported basis is based on different business models that our competitors have. As you know well, Jay, we're in the middle of a transition to a fully ratable model, and we had some revenues that we had previously thought that upfront that we aren't booking yet as ratable. I think some of our competitors use different models, and so I think the numbers aren't compatible, totally compatible. So we actually feel our share in Asia is doing quite well and probably growing, is our belief.
