John Wall: Thanks Lip-Bu and good afternoon everyone. I am pleased with our financial performance for Q4 and 2019. Despite some macro headwinds, we grew revenue across all business groups and our focus on delivering profitable revenue growth resulted in 9% revenue growth and 32% non-GAAP operating margin for the year. Turning to the numbers for the fourth quarter and the year starting with the P&L. Total revenue was $600 million for the quarter and $2.336 billion for the year. Non-GAAP operating margin was approximately 31% for the quarter and 32% for the year. GAAP EPS was $2.36 for the quarter and $3.53 for the year. GAAP EPS include a one-time GAAP-only tax benefit of $2.06 for the quarter and $2.05 for the year. This tax benefit related to intercompany transfers of certain intellectual property rights to Cadence's Irish subsidiary. Excluding the one-time GAAP-only tax benefit, GAAP EPS were $0.30 for the quarter and $1.48 for the year. Non-GAAP EPS was $0.54 for the quarter and $2.20 for the year. Looking at the balance sheet and cash flow, our cash balance totaled $705 million at year-end. Operating cash flow in the fourth quarter was $159 million and $730 million for the full year. DSOs were 47 days and we repurchased $75 million of Cadence shares during Q4 for a total of $306 million for the year. During 2019, we grew revenue by $198 million with over $100 million of that incremental revenue growth dropping through into non-GAAP operating income. That means, we have now grown our annual revenue by around $520 million since 2016, with around $280 million of that incremental revenue growth dropping through into non-GAAP operating income. Now moving on to our fiscal guidance Q1 2020, we expect revenue in the range of $610 million to $620 million. Non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 30%; GAAP EPS in the range of $0.32 to $0.34; and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.53 to $0.55. For the full year fiscal 2020, we expect revenue in the range of $2.545 billion to $2.585 billion. Non-GAAP operating margin of 32% to 33%; GAAP EPS in the range of $1.46 and to $1.56. Non-GAAP EPS in the range of $2.40 to $2.50. We expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $775 million to $825 million, and we expect to use approximately 50% of our free cash flow to purchase Cadence shares in 2020. Our guidance assumes that the export limitations that exist today for certain customers will remain in place for all of 2020. We recently completed two acquisitions and we've included the impact of those acquisitions in our guidance. And finally, please note that fiscal 2020 will be a 53-week year for Cadence. You will find guidance and additional items -- for additional items as well as further analysis in the CFO commentary available on our website. In conclusion, Cadence delivered another year of strong revenue growth and expanding profitability. Our focus on delivering profitable revenue growth has resulted in a large portion of our revenue growth flowing through to operating income over the past three years. Excluding the impact of the 53rd week and recent acquisitions, our guidance assumes that trend will continue with approximately half of revenue growth in 2020 flowing through to operating income. I would like to thank our customers, partners and our hard-working employees for their continued support and I look forward to updating you on our progress for 2020. And with that, operator we'll now take questions.
John Wall: Yes. Sure Rich. Yes purchase accounting rules significantly limit the revenue we can recognize from both AWR and Integrand in 2020. Combined we've added $20 million to annual revenue in our guidance for 2020. Almost all of that from AWR. We expect both acquisitions to be dilutive to earnings in 2020, but we expect them to be accretive in 2021.
John Wall: Yeah. Sure Mitch. Yeah, I guess in terms of -- certainly the back half of the year, it will have a higher margin profile than the first half of the year. Partly that's due to the impact of the 53rd week. 53rd week in Q4 will add about $40 million to annual revenue. But when you add the extra week of expenses of course, the upside to operating income is minimal there. And then with the like combined impact of the 53rd week and the acquisitions, basically the impact of the purchase accounting rules on the acquisition is kind of -- is bigger in the first half and the first quarter and kind of gradually reduces over time over the four quarters.
John Wall: Yeah. It's quite diversified. But yeah, we went through a period back in 2016 where we refocused our IP and went for profitable revenue growth. Right now we're only guiding Q1 and the year. But certainly IP has been doing very, very well. We're very pleased with the growth that we're seeing.
John Wall: It's probably more product mix. Of course like the first part of the year, we're impacted by the purchase accounting rules on the two acquisitions. In Q4, we'll get the benefit of that 53rd week. Also and probably -- right now, we probably should take a moment to acknowledge the dynamic situation, our employees and partners in China and the Asia Pacific region are navigating as health officials respond to the coronavirus. Our focus is on our employee safety working with the authorities and dealing with the crisis and on the potential business impact. Any impact of the coronavirus that we could quantify at this time is in our guidance. But, a large portion of our revenue of course is recurring in nature and the impact we have seen to date is minimal and immaterial to our overall numbers. But that impact is more kind of front-loaded to the early part of the year.
John Wall: Hi, Gary, yes. Backlog was $3.6 billion at year-end which includes approximately $200 million of non-cancelable IP access agreements. That's up from $3 billion at the end of 2018 including $100 million of IP access agreements. Now it's impacted by the timing of renewals. And our weighted average duration for 2019 was slightly higher because we had a really, really strong Q4. That weighted average duration for 2019 was 2.7 years. Now if I look at the average for 2018 and 2019 together, it was in the usual 2.4 to 2.6-year range. And if I look at 2017 through 2019 that's also in our typical 2.4 to 2.6-year range. But Q4 was a strong quarter for us and it took the weighted average duration for 2019 up to 2.7 years. As you know IP is lumpier than software as is our hardware portion of functional verification and that had a slight impact also.
John Wall: So Gary I don't think we gave a long-term margin target of 30% in the past. And you are right to point out the Rule of 40. We kind of manage the businesses using a Rule of 40 metric. I think in 2018 if you go back we achieved – what is it 10% revenue growth and 30% non-GAAP operating margin in 2019? Now the year we just closed we just did 9% and 32%, yes. So a combined 41% on the Rule of 40 metric. But – and for 2020 guidance I think you'll see that it's approximately 10% for revenue growth and about 32.5% or in the range of 32% to 33% for non-GAAP operating margin. The piece that we've been focused on is driving profitable revenue growth. And that's why I called out the – that's what I was calling out the impact in my prepared remarks of the amount of our revenue growth that's flowing through to our non-GAAP operating income line. I think if you take the combined impact of the 53rd week and the acquisitions. I mean combined they add about $60 million of revenue to our fiscal 2020 but the impact to operating income is slightly negative in 2020 predominantly due to those purchase accounting the purchase accounting impact on those acquisitions. Excluding the impact of the 53rd week in the acquisitions our guidance assumes this approximately half of our revenue growth in 2020 flows through to operating income. So we're very happy with where we are. But because we're adding so much incremental margin you're seeing the operating margin increase year-over-year. But there's no near-term ceiling that we can see because we have about 50% flow through to operating income but we haven't put out a long-term target.
John Wall: Yes. As we're just preparing to complete the acquisitions the two acquisitions we completed at the start of the year. At year-end worldwide cash totals just over $700 million $705 million of which about $400 million of that within the U.S.
John Wall: Yes. And Jay, I mean combinational software is kind of Cadence's core competence. We manage the group across five different business groups -- or manage employees across five different business groups. And I mean -- sorry we manage the business ,the employees across five business groups. We've got functional verification the Digital IC Group, Custom IC, Silicon Package Board and IP. Yes. And the -- like I say we're happy with the way we're ramping up innovative products on the system analysis side. I mean as Lip-Bu said we had over 90 evaluations underway and more than 20 customers today.
John Wall: Yes. Jackson, I mean, we're closely monitoring the situation. In terms of what we've seen so far is, we're picking up some extra expenses as we try to support our customers from remote regions that we're paying some people over time. We have -- some of our revenue comes from royalties. We've ratcheted down our expectations of royalty revenue in Q1, because some of that royalty revenue comes out of China and Asia Pacific.
John Wall: Yes. The profile is the profitability profile is very similar to EDA. And it's probably our entry into system analysis is probably one of our drivers of increased op margin. I think if you look at our gross margin for 2018 it was 90%. In 2019 we achieved 90.6%. And in our guidance we're targeting 91% because of the growth we're seeing and because of all the evaluations that are underway on the system analysis space.
John Wall: Right. So, like you say, it combines the two acquisitions, add about $20 million of revenue in 2020. And they are dilutive to earnings in 2020. I think if you look at the impact on the purchase accounting is kind of heavily weighted toward the first quarter and it kind of -- it bleeds off, kind of as we go through each of the four quarters. There's still a little bit that bleeds into 2021, but we expect to be accretive in 2021.
John Wall: Another driver -- sorry, just another driver of the op margin profile for Q1, is that, I do want to kind of remind you that we've grown headcount significantly. During 2019, we entered 2019 with less than 7,500 employees. We were up to 8,078. So up about 8% in the headcount by the end of 2019, as we're investing in proliferation with market chasing customers and these TAM expansion opportunities.
John Wall: Yes. So essentially the if you look at the 53rd week it's a holiday week kind of between Christmas and New Year, it adds about $40 million to annual revenue because it's really the recurring piece of our revenue that is daily subscription-based that we get the extra revenue for. But for -- on the expense side, we kind of pick up the full week of expenses. So the upside to operating income is minimal for that 53rd week.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes Rick. This is Lip-Bu. Let me try to answer your questions. First of all, we are excited about the system analysis space that we are going in on our system innovation strategy. And there's about $5 billion 10 market opportunity for us. And we're initially are moving in with the two new product organically developed Clarity 3D Solver and also Celsius Thermal and one for the EM fuel solver simulator and then the other one is the electro-thermal co-simulation software. And so both are launching out the later part of last year and both are proven massive parallel architecture, 10x performance and we are excited and that the response had been very positive. More than 90 -- 9-0 evaluations and we already have 20 customers and I'll highlight a few. So, I think this is just early stage of entry and these two products is addressing about $700 million of TAM market opportunity. And clearly we are excited about it and that's really back into our core competence in terms of computation and software and also related to our in our EDA and then expanding to the system level. And also our customer request us to move into that and so that we can really provide a more compelling solution to the customer. And to answer your question would that be like digital? I know we take one step at a time, take one ending at the time and then gradually we can proliferate in our customer-to-customer. And then beyond that then the customer is going to tell us what are the area will be interesting for them what are the future performance they are going to have. We still continue to be humble lending from our customer and then really drive innovation within the company to do that. So, I think overall stay tuned. It's still very early in the game.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, it's a very good question. Clearly, we are listening to the customer. As you all know 5G is deploying and then most of the challenging on the 5G and some of the other application market is the REFINANCING, high-frequency RF. And so we have been looking what is the best way to address this in terms of the hydrogenous integration and all the complexity to put it together? And so we are delighted in a way have been working with National Instruments and we are delighted able to acquire the AWR and then form a partnership with National Instruments in terms of alliance partnership. And clearly the high-frequency RF solution they have and then also we just add-on another new acquisition called Integrand Solutions and that gives us a very compelling RF solution for the design. And then together with our Virtuoso and Allegro platform that we provide a very comprehensive platform for RF millimeter wave product development all the way from design to simulation to verification. And so we are really excited about this integration of the solution providing that really needed solution that the customer want to design and then to verify. And that's why we are very excited about this acquisition.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah. Tom as I mentioned, we grew very nicely. It's a great outstanding year for us for the IP business, 16% revenue year-over-year growth and pretty much across the board. I mean clearly the best of that is the Tensilica, and we have a strong quarter and also the whole year and expertly in the audio, imaging and computer vision. And then the other part that we really like is their loyalty growth very strong and especially in the audio side. And I mentioned about the earbugs and also the smart speakers that we have a very strong footprint there. And then the other part the design IP also have a great year and across the board from DDR PCIe and then our newly acquired not too long ago the 112-gig SerDes, that is a must-have for all the hyperscale guy and that infrastructure rollout and that is for the AI machine learning. And so, we're also delighted in that the marquee U.S. semiconductor company with us in the largest IP agreement we have across different memory Tensilica and the 112-gig SerDes. And to answer your question, it is all organically developed and nothing from acquisition.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. I think Gary I'll just add on to it. Basically we continue to drive innovation, continue to delight the customer with the best products and then meanwhile drive the efficiency in terms of Rule of 40 and then we'd like to print the numbers. So we continue to execute and deliver the result to the shareholders.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. Good question Jay. Let me try to answer and then John will chip in. First of all, we are not guiding our hiring plan. But clearly, the AE, we're always recruiting AE and add-on AE when we have a clear signal for the customer to drive success proliferation. And we continue to drive efficiency. And so we look at a clearer balance in terms of the demand. And also meanwhile, we also drive the efficiency and see where we can really drive down the highest return for the shareholders. And so, we continue to monitoring that. And so based on the project required and also continue to monitoring what the company commitment to us before we really rule out. And in terms of the system analysis space, so clearly customer interest in our product is very strong. We want to proliferate this product and then build out our road map and then along the way, we will augment our needs for the existing team. But so far, we continue to hiring top R&D and FAE when we see them. And we're very high bar. So, we want to make sure that we pick the right one to really -- able to really drive the efficiency and then to the whole system analysis market that we try to go after.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. Good question Jay. I think first of all when you started you had to address the point tool solution and then drive the best point tool solution. And then over time, then you have an integrated platform able to drive the platform strategy, Liberate our digital implementation we start with our place and route Innovus first then we start with -- then the synthesis tool like Genus, then you have the Pegasus. And then along the way then you can really push for the whole platform. And then same thing as our verification suite we do that. So this is just a beginning as I mentioned earlier. This is the initial move in. And then along the way we have a plan of the other product lines and also through acquisitions, so that we can really creating a platform that we can marching forward as a full-court press. And so, right now, we are taking very calculated and then addressing the tool that the big TAM market is $700 million, we can go after. Then over that and now we have our game plan, while developing various other tool and stay tuned. And over time we will unfold it and then create a platform and then we can push the platform like our digital and verification.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. So let me start and then John can chip in. So, first of all, we acknowledge the dynamic situation, our employee and partners in China and Asia Pacific and we navigate through carefully. We're monitoring carefully also. And then, with health official and then make sure that we respond to that coronavirus. And then, meanwhile, the first priority is really focused on our employee safety and then working with authority to deal with the crisis. And then the Wuhan and also -- this week a lot of people coming back to work. And then, how it's going to be impacting -- we're getting closing on the monitoring, on the supply chain and also the whole factory reopen and so at a different stage. And good news is, our revenue is recurring in nature. And then, meanwhile, we're also monitoring the situation check with all our key customer and partner. And so far that, we already built into our -- whatever we forecast in the budget. And then, clearly, the impact is minimum and immaterial overall number. And that's what John is highlighting in his assumption, that we see and we're closely monitoring so far.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. I think clearly the system analysis space is a good market is a good business. And we are again mentioned it's very early in the game. And we continue to driving the opportunity and proliferating with our customer. And I think the market is ready and a lot of our customer request that.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. John, it's a good question. First of all, I'm excited about this industry, because it's very unusual to have five major waves happening at the same time. You have the AI machine learning wave and you have 5G is starting to deploy and then you have the hyperscale guy the really massively scaled infrastructure. And then we have autonomous driving and then the whole digital transformation of the industry group. And then as I mentioned earlier, clearly some of this big system company and a service provider, they are quietly building up the silicon capability. They're also reaching out to us to really expand beyond that to the system analysis space. And so I think we are excited about the opportunity in front of us. And so far I think the core EDA I think the proliferation from the leading customer, we still have a lot of opportunity in front of us and we are very excited in our pursue aggressively on that in terms of share gain. And then the other part is clearly some of the new product that we are launching now. And I should -- you will recall that one of the big strategy for Cadence is right to driving the innovation. So we have last year we have seven new organically developed products. Beside those system analysis tool, we have the Protium X1 we have Spectre X product and then we have the Jasper, Smart Gold and CloudBurst. And by the way some of the new product we tried to move into the cloud. We take the leadership in the cloud and then basically cloud native tool that really drive the performance and the scalability for our customer and they love it. And so I think in terms of pricing-wise, our value about the value we don't want to price it and then we really drive quality and we want to be the trusted partner for the customer. They can count on us to really drive their performance. And then in return, we get the value that we won. And when you move down to 5-nanometer, 3-nanometer that's when we become very important to them to drive some of this design success and then we're exciting to be partner in supporting them.
Lip-Bu Tan: Sure. So let me just draw the picture for you. Besides the -- we have this we call it Intelligent System Design strategy the first layer on the ground floor is we call it the design excellence. That is a core EDA and IP. There's still a lot of room to grow in terms of proliferation of products, especially some of the innovating products that we are really driving. And then secondly, we are moving into the next level you call the system and innovation. In terms of system analysis and it's just a portion of it. And then you have embedded software, security that is overlay on that. And then the third layer is we call it pervasive intelligence. And as we are applying the AI algorithm know-how to really address our core business and also some of the specific vertical that we are going after. And then that total together is basically from the $10 billion from the design excellence that's two other layers that will add up another $20 billion to really drive some of the vertical markets that we are serving in the next five years.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. So I think we mentioned earlier about this $5 billion TAM market. Initially, we're target on that $700 million. That is in the EM solver and also the thermal co-simulation area. And then we are quietly building some other products. And stay tuned when we are ready we will launch that. And so initially we cannot get a few, we call it the low-hanging fruit, clearly drive the computation software differentiation that we can show 10x performance. We're excited to validate that with 90 evaluation and 20 customers signed up. And more is coming. So we will keep you updated on that. Clearly I think people see the performance of 10x performance and they can really have that performance driven and they are excited to see that -- they want to get the best tool. And then over time they're going to tell us what are the new tool we had to go in and we're going to build and acquire and then build up the platform to really drive the success in that system analysis. And again, I say that this is just the beginning. And so we're in the early inning.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you all for joining us this afternoon. Next phase of our strategy, Intelligent System Design brings new opportunities in design excellence, system innovation and pervasive intelligence in an expanded total addressable market. We are capitalizing on multiple technology trend and further proliferating our solution with a broader base of customers. Culture is a very important component of our success and who we are as a company in the community. And in November, Cadence was named to Investor's Business Daily first-ever Top 50 environmental social corporate governance we call it the ESG company list. The list -- this list ranks the company with regarding to sustainability and ethical impact ranked Cadence number 1 in technology category and number 5 overall. In closing, I would like to thank all our shareholders, customer and partners and the Board of Directors and our hard-working employees for their continued support.
