Lip-Bu Tan: So Rich, thank you so much for the question. So, clearly as I mentioned, demand for Palladium remains strong and then we’ve guide, flat to up for this year and I think the Palladium is a go standard and then the processor based design and what the customer looking for in term of performance, capacity and then the design and that is critical to them. And I mentioned earlier before, 40-nanometer and below anything that is processor intensive, this is a must have, is a go standard, and we continue to see the strong demand as long as the industry continues to do that. And then meanwhile, we also caution about the environment, this is a hardware product and but clearly the need of finding the bugs earlier and verify that. It’s critical for system and semiconductor companies.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah very good question, Mahesh. So let me answer a couple of key points and then Geoff can follow-up with that. So first of all I think clearly we see a major trend, it’s a system company co-vertical starting from Apple, Microsoft and Google, they all have their own hardware product, they are starting to embrace the semiconductor to optimize some of the software and the services they want to provide and clearly time to market become more and more critical and so clearly we can now see more growth in the verification side and you touch on the Palladium is one of the key factor on the verification any thing that you can find apart earlier and then you can come to the time to market earlier, I think that will be a success factor for winning the customer. And then the other thing I mentioned earlier is the whole mixed signal design. It’s very hard to find a pure digital, there is a lot of analog component you have to integrate in. So I think the real big challenge for all the customer are really the power, low power is critical in mobile, in infrastructure related product. Area, and clearly we have the string to a size that fit into the – in a hardware platform and then clearly time to market is most critical. And then the other thing is the competitive nature of the business and the semiconductor it become more and more important that you’re able to provide a platform. So not just the chip, the system, the software spec and you have to be all integrated together and that’s where I think the industry is moving through that direction and we’re so well positioned to capture that.
Lip-Bu Tan: So, Jay, good question. Let me start and then Jeff check-in. So first of all, I think clearly, we increased our headcount and right now it’s about 5,119 and then some portion it come from the security acquisition and some of them come from the recruitment that we have actually done. And then I mentioned in my remarks that now we’re really excited about some of the top talent we are able to attract from the industry and outside the industry to come onboard, we create a culture that people can come and innovate and we’re going to be the leadership in the technology side. So I think in some of the investment we have been very focused on R&D recruitment and also we now focus on the FAE the customer support to support our customer better. I think the investment so far we have been very focused on taking the leadership in the digital especially in the advanced nodes, thin fab, 3D-IC, we are taking the leadership there and then in the advanced nodes and then secondly, our commitment to ARM in the ARM ecosystem and we have a lot of success in there, we are going to continue expend that and then we also had mentioned in the final area and customer is really looking for automotive. Now we are well positioned to address that and then in some of the IP (inaudible) and now we have been continue to drive success in the verification IP, we continue to have a process growing area and then we also double that in some of the design IP especially in the memory storage controller find area and also in high speed interface area and then in some of the system side continued capital on the Palladium leadership as a go standard and then also driving some of the – PCB become more and more critical in thermal packaging, IC packaging, board packaging, to serve the vertical customer better. And then beside digital the other one is the analog, we double down, take the leadership further in some more advanced nodes and also some of the features and performance we continue to drive success on that. So I think across the board we are really looking at the roof mat, with LIBOR we have, we continue to focus on execution, continue to extract the best talent inside and outside the industry to able to lead from some of the aid design.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, let me start that, and now clearly when you move the geometry down 20-nanometer to 16-nanometer and 14-nanometer thin-fab double patterning, triple patterning is a very differentiating that we need to have and we work very closely with the leading foundries, and then we continue to drive some of the leadership in that. In term of pricing, I don’t think you will see so quickly, I think it’s more in term of the showing the capability and then helping our customer and our foundry partners work closely with them to enable that to happen and so that we can drive the success with our customer. The pricing and consumption and all this will come later. I think the volume as you know is still very small during the test chips and proofing the performance is more important right now and then a couple of leading customer engaging behaviorally. And so, but the volume and revenue is still small and – but I think over the years, it will grow.Jay Vleeschhouwer – Griffin Securities, Inc.: Thank you.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, very good question. And right now as I mentioned, we have 150 tape-out in the 28-nanometer, as I think in some of volume increase right now 28 nanometer are the majority of that. And then in some of 20 nanometer, I think clearly we have done a lot of – end of 40, and counting and the 20 nanometer and it’s very much in the early space of test chips and small volume, I don’t think it would be significant in the remaining of the year, but is engaging. And then most of the leading companies and customer are heavily engaging with us and we want some mixture and is that why it’s very important we emphasis TSMC qualified all the key tools at the 20 nanometer, so that – and TCP when the customer rolling out on the volume, we will be there, so they can use our tool and can be fabricated in the leading foundries and that’s something that we are really focused on getting done. In some of the 16, in our 14, that is thin fab 20 nanometer and then 3D-IC, we have five and is counting and we are excited to engage with the leading customer and the foundries and IP partners to do that because that is critical for the next phase quite obviously 20 nanometer and then some of the complex design or low power require, there are some clear benefit of that, we want to make sure that we have the growth map, able to engage with the customer and then with the partners in the IP and foundry, we can qualify and fabricate it when they are ready. And that’s how are – to modify, get ourselves ready to support them.Gus P. Richard – Piper Jaffray, Inc.: Okay. Thank you for – it’s very helpful and then as a follow-on question, I’m noticing a little bit more activity in 3D packaging, 2.5D packaging both in the interposers, you know it appears that some people are going to be reaching a much higher volume manufacturing by the end of next year and with your recent acquisition of Sigrity, I was wondering if you are seeing a similar increase in activity and if you could just talk about the opportunity there, it would be helpful.
Lip-Bu Tan: Sure. So I think clearly, as I mentioned, we are the leader in 3D-IC. We are very engaged with our foundry partners and that is critical. And then as you know, as much as the technology so the cost involved. And so I think so far the deployment of the 3D-IC have been slower. And then clearly, people are moving to 2.5D that engaging, but I think in term of the (inaudible) revenue from that further down the road, but I think we definitely want to make sure that we – our tool and then working with our foundry partners make sure that when they are ready, we are able to support our customer in a cost effective way to drive that.Gus P. Richard – Piper Jaffray, Inc.: Got it, okay. Thanks so much.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah. It’s a very good question. Let me try to address that. So first of all, I think you have two question, one is the EVE and also SpringSoft and more specifically on the Synopsys acquisition on both, so let me try to address both of them. So first of all, SpringSoft, clearly, the largest portion of the SpringSoft function verification. And they are known for the debug capabilities. And then 20% of their revenues come from the custom and analog. And so clearly, it’s the lower end of the market. And so those are the two thing that they have, we watch very closely on them. And then meanwhile and we are very confident with our product Incisive and in fact we just announced our Incisive Debug Analyzer to counter that and also our Virtuoso is a go standard. And 6.1 it’s the preferred solution for the advanced, custom and digital analog and design. And so we are confident with our clearly road map that I review our quarterly with our team; and basically, we will be driving the road map, we love what we have and we are aware of the function verification that they acquire from SpringSoft, we are aware of their analog that they bought on SpringSoft in Magna. And they still have to sort it out in term of the overlapping and then flow and meanwhile we are laser focused on our area of our strength. In some of these acquisitions and clearly we know the – clearly, they are addressing the low end of the emulation and then prototype application on (inaudible). Meanwhile, our Palladium is a go-standard and we have road map, we continue to thrive and we have the processor based Palladium and that clearly the customer like, the feedback is very positive. We continue to drive our road map and continue to engage with the customer to provide the capacity, the performance and the requirement from the customer.
Lip-Bu Tan: That’s a good question. And this is the outlook and the environment are clearly, as I’ve mentioned earlier there are some shot-term challenges, some of our customer announce guide the Q4 and down by 10%. But clearly, we also have some customer doing extremely well and also provide the highlight on the Q4 outlook. But clearly, we can see mobile, data structure, infrastructure growing with all the new announcement from Apple yesterday and then Microsoft and Google. : So all in all, I think, now clearly, we have some short-term challenges in the industry and then we’re watching the macro environment carefully. We want to be cautioned and we will listen to our customer and our customer-customer very closely in monitoring that situation. And then meanwhile, really focus on execution, our roadmap execution, our R&D development to drive the success here.
Lip-Bu Tan: Share gain, okay. So those are couple of things we should emphasize, one clearly on the digital front and we are making great progress, we have significant investment in this area for the last three years and I mentioned earlier we take the leadership in the advanced node 3D-IC and also thin fab and also I think clearly our relationship with ARM and the whole ecosystem help us tremendously and then as I mentioned in the past, couple of quarter, we have heavy market share gains in the top 10 semiconductor in the digital front. And then the other thing is now we have a strong momentum, rely our route map, also the product that we continue to drive and we also have good top talents coming in to help us and that we are recruiting and also a lot of customer looking for alternatives and clearly the one to have another alternative that they don’t have to be so depending on one. And then the other thing is, all this would see the result in the longer selling cycle and we now continue to really laser focused and then winning the customer mindset and also continue to improve our product offering so that really solve the problem and that’s the design challenge they have in the advanced nodes.
Lip-Bu Tan: Sure. It’s a good question. Clearly, the – as I mentioned, we are very engaged in that with of customer and foundry partners and IT partners in the 20 nanometer. Majority of them are really still in the test chip stage and (inaudible) can be fabricated, can be designed and then what are the advantage in the power of performance and then clearly we work very closely, we have announced with ARM, TSMC and Samsung and we mentioned about the XP and many more. So we have about four key engagement and in some this 20 nanometer. And in some way it’s very much mixed with the different customers, they all have different way of doing things and then some and precious more double pattern or even triple pattern. And then, so I think it’s really mix dependent on the customer preference and also the application they try to drive.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you. In closing, Cadence continues to deliver technology needed by designers and our business results reflect this. EDA industry is also doing better job of delivering value to it customers. While the macro environment remain uncertain
Geoffrey Ribar: Rich, we lost you. Operator, can we – maybe take the next question, and when Rich gets back on line, we’ll go ahead.
Geoffrey Ribar: Sure, I think the two key metrics again which we’ve said before, we expect to get to the mid-20s in 2013 for the full year and generally we expect to be able to drop 50% of the revenue increase to the bottom line, of course that somewhat always is going to be depended on macro economic conditions, the size of the growth and an acquisition can potentially change that, but that's generally have been our matrix that we delivered on over the past few years.Mahesh Sanganeria – RBC Capital Markets Equity Research: Okay, then the next question is for Lip-Bu, you have been closely monitoring the business for a while and the history of the business that we have really which was more of a static and now you're beginning to see some signs of some real growth and so if you can give us based on your time spent with the customers what do you expect the industry could grow for the next five years and what are some of the factors we should considering an estimate meeting that, that would be very helpful.
Geoffrey Ribar: I think the other point I’ll raise Mahesh is, obviously, our customers are having some challenges right now and having a tough quarter and the outlook isn’t great. But largely they are keeping engineering teams intact, those were a few exceptions, but largely keeping the engineering teams intact. And as to specific signs, we haven’t seen any, but we’re going to continue to be cautious as we look at the environment being what it is.Mahesh Sanganeria – RBC Capital Markets Equity Research: Okay. That’s very helpful. I’ll just get back in the queue. Thanks.
Geoffrey Ribar: Yes and I think Jay, look regarded, it's across-the-board where we're making investments in R&D and in technology part of the sales organization, again we continue to follow EDA 360 as far as our investment philosophy is, and then please don’t take over every place for investing some times we get people on board.Jay Vleeschhouwer – Griffin Securities, Inc.:  Okay, question on emulation, actually a couple of questions one, could you comment at all on remaining backlog and how lead times look like now, there was in the quarter a pretty substantial reduction in your inventory which I assume would have been recently correlated to the emulation deliveries, so are you at a point now or perhaps you need to materially rebuilt the emulation backlog or could you comment at all on how lead times, we're trying to look there.
Geoffrey Ribar: Yeah, so there has been no change really in our business. We were happy with some progress we made on inventory and I think we're happy with that progress. We shipped a couple of units right at the end of the quarter which is one reason why inventory is down. Our Backlog is great and our lead times are consistent with industry practice.Jay Vleeschhouwer – Griffin Securities, Inc.:  Alright and then lastly on the software side, to the extent that your tools has been enabled for double patterning which you talked about back for instance few months ago, is there some measurable impact that you could talk about in terms of pricing benefits from that capability or improvements and license consumption or utilization as a result of this new capability.
Geoffrey Ribar: Yeah, on the duration Sterling, we just take the natural request from our customers, right. So the 2.4 is going to fluctuate, 2.4, 2.5, 2.6, some customers wanted longer deals, some customer are happy with shorter deals. I think already we’re seeing customers come back when you have shorter deals and come back to the – to us for more licenses, renewals, those types of things. I think one reason we say run-rate is up contract-to-contract is because of that, and because of the value we create for the customer itself. 
Geoffrey Ribar: And I think Andrew it’s showing up in the numbers, we are growing 14% to 15% organically, we believe that’s faster than our competitors are growing organically.
Geoffrey Ribar: Hi, Satya, this is Geoff. So, yeah, we are cautiously optimistic. We obviously pay a lot of attention to the macro environment. I think the key thing for us is the value that we give to our customers. As their environment gets challenged they do want to get new products out the door, right? And one way to get through a downturn in the semiconductor business is to get new product out the door. They are not getting with engineers with a few exceptions. So the pricing environment can be what the pricing environment is going to be, but generally, I think those two trends are positive for us despite the macro environment.
Geoffrey Ribar: Yeah, I think opportunity I think is great and then we are looking forward to that and our customer are engaging quite heavily clearly in some of very strong process and out there – DSP intensive and also some of the graphics and then some of the mobile, the performance and power and geometry is important and so those are the one that are – you can kind of suspect where the customer are, they are very heavily engaging and in fact some of them are really starting to look at using 20 and thin fab and then mostly in the 16 and 14 and so that is – we are engaging intensively with our customer.
Geoffrey Ribar: Yeah generally it will match or exceed operating income as a percentage of revenue.Richard Valera – Needham & Company: Great. Thanks very much.
