Lip-Bu Tan: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today.  Cadence delivered strong financial results for the third quarter, driven by accelerating customer demand for our innovative solutions and continued solid execution by the team. Driven by the broad-based strength of our business, we are raising our financial outlook for the third time this year and are expecting about 11% revenue growth and 37% non-GAAP operating margin for 2021. John will provide the details in a moment for both our Q3 results and the updated outlook for the year. The data driven era is being fueled by generational trends like 5G, hyperscale computing, autonomous driving and industrial IoT that are accelerating the digital transformation of several industries. This requires continued innovation in key areas such as compute, connectivity, storage, and data analysis, which in turn is driving secular semiconductor growth and design activity across a wide range of end markets. Before I ask Anirudh to go through the business and product highlights for the quarter, I would like to remind you that I will be transitioning to the role of Executive Chairman on December 15, with Anirudh becoming our President and CEO at that time. It has truly been an honor leading Cadence for the past thirteen years. I’m very proud of the team’s accomplishments and grateful for the confidence and trust that our customers and shareholders have placed in us. Cadence is extremely well-positioned, and as I hand the baton over to Anirudh, I can think of no one better to lead the company through its next phase of growth and I eagerly look forward to him taking Cadence to new heights. While I will remain engaged with shareholders, that will be my -- this will be my last earnings call. Thank you very much for your continued support, and I will now turn the call over to Anirudh.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah. Jason, first of all, thank you so much for the kind words. I encumbered the global supply change we monitoring the semiconductor global supply change very carefully. So far we don't see any slow down in our design activity across our customer base. And then as you know, our product is very much focused on the R&D engineering, designing that chip system. And so --and this is a multi-year approach. And I mentioned earlier, the generation's drivers have been really driving a lot of increase in the design activity. And then answer your question in term of automotive buy cycle, yes, you are absolutely correct it’s a multiple year increments and then lately, because of more and more electronics in the automotive. So we see a lot of design activity like autonomous driving. And I think Anirudh mentioned about the Tesla, autonomous driving, the AI chips and using our broad-based Cadence tool. That's one good example and many more coming. And so I think clearly we're excited about the automotive platform that will create opportunity in the multi-years to come.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah. I think it's a very interesting, challenging opportunity time in this whole supply chain. Clearly in our part, the automotive industry is starting to become a very realized that in not the whole visibility to the supply chain and become very important for them. And so in different automotive company, they experienced different challenges in the supply chain, and we are here to help them in term of that design automation and the whole system level in a complexity of design and then time to market. And then, so we try to be available and be helpful to them as a design partner and then -- and also support them throughout this period. So, I think you are going to see more and more opportunity and the automotive is a big platform for us.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you all for joining us this afternoon. It is an exciting time for Cadence with growing market opportunities and strong business momentum. Our intelligent system design strategy is playing out very nicely, as we benefit from new opportunities in design excellence, system innovation and pervasive intelligence, and an expanded total addressable market. We are proud of the innovative and inclusive culture that we have built at Cadence and are grateful for the recognitions we’ve received over the years, including most recently being named as One of the World’s Best Workplaces for the sixth time by Fortune and Great Place to Work, as well as being named to Newsweek’s List of Most Loved Workplaces for 2021. And lastly, on behalf of our employees and our Board of Directors, we thank our customers and partners for their continued trust and confidence during these unprecedented times.
John Wall: Thank you, Anirudh and thank you Lip-Bu. They say values are like fingerprints. Nobody’s are the same, but you leave them all over everything you do. Your impact on Cadence has been significant and will last for many, many years to come. It’s been a truly remarkable run over the past 13 years, and I feel blessed to have had the chance to work so closely with you. I’ve also heard it said that, legacy is not something you do for yourself, but it’s something you leave for the benefit of the next generation, and on behalf of all Cadence stakeholders, I’d like to thank you both for conducting such a smooth CEO transition. We haven’t missed a beat. Focused execution by the entire Cadence team, combined with broad-based strength across our product portfolio and customer base, drove another strong quarter of top and bottom line results. We exceeded our expectations for all key financial metrics, and we are raising our financial outlook for the year. Now let’s go through the key results for the third quarter, beginning with the P&L. Total revenue was $751 million. Non-GAAP operating margin was 35.7%. GAAP EPS was $0.63, and non-GAAP EPS was $0.80. For the balance sheet and cash flow, cash totaled $1.014 billion at quarter-end, while the principal value of debt outstanding was $350 million. Operating cash flow was $296 million. DSOs were 40 days, and we repurchased $110 million of Cadence shares during the quarter. Next let’s turn to our updated outlook. Our outlook continues to assume that there will be no changes to the export limitations that exist today. For fiscal 2021, we now expect revenue in the range of $2.960 billion to $2.980 billion. Non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 37%. GAAP EPS in the range of $2.36 to $2.40, non-GAAP EPS in the range of $3.24 to $3.28, and operating cash flow in the range of $975 million to $1.025 billion. For the fourth quarter, we expect revenue in the range of $745 to $765 million, non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 35%, GAAP EPS in the range of $0.49 to $0.53, non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.76 to $0.80, and we expect to repurchase $110 million of Cadence stock in Q4. Our CFO Commentary, which is available on our website, includes our outlook for additional items as well as further analysis and GAAP to Non-GAAP reconciliations. In closing, I am pleased that revenue growth continues to accelerate with our three-year revenue CAGR now approximately 11.5% at the midpoint of guidance. We are expecting approximately $1 billion of operating cash flow for 2021 at the midpoint, and we are on track to deliver over 50% incremental operating margin for the year. As always, I want to thank our customers, partners, and of course, our employees for their continued support. And with that, operator, we’ll now take questions.
John Wall: Hi, Joe. This is John. Thanks for the question. Yes, we're delighted with the demand for our hardware verification systems and we're building the systems as quick as we tend to meet that demand. Yeah, we're very, very pleased with the customer reaction and like building the systems as quickly as we can. I'd say it's fair to say that demand is outstripping supply right now, but we're building as fast as we can and you can see it in the inventory number, inventory slightly up.
John Wall: Yes. Jackson, thanks for the question. But I wouldn't read too much into it. Again, it's like the timing of contract renewals. We had a similar phenomenon in Q1. We would expect to end the year with a higher backlog and RPO than we started the year. And that's reflected as well. If you have a look at the margin guidance for Q4, margin guides for Q4 is slightly down on what we achieved in Q3 because of the impact of some hiring and an expectation for higher sales commission costs in Q4, because we expect a lot of bookings to come through in Q4.
John Wall: Hi, Pradeep. This is John. We're absolutely delighted with the customer reaction to our new hardware systems. That's a -- and we're building in installing inventory as fast as we can to meet their demand. But I'd remind you that Cadence is part of the design cycle, but -- so I mean, it hasn't really impacted us too much with our customers that -- and then in relation to your comments on growth, we raised guidance for the year. We were very happy with growth. We were seeing accelerating growth. When you look at the three-year CAGR and I've called them out on the CFO commentary, it's rounding up to 12%, now it's approximately 11.5%. And that seems to continue to increase year after year. And that's reflecting strong demand across all lines of business.
John Wall: Yeah. Great, great question Gal. And we're back on track with hiring. I think our hiring performance has been really good and we're delighted to be recognized on so many of these top 100 places to work around the world. That's certainly helping us with our hiring activity. Yeah. On the margin side, it's really outperformance on the revenue side on like right across all our lines of business. We thought IP would have a soft middle to the year and it would recover toward the end of the year, started recovering a bit earlier that they had a strong finish to Q3 and we're expecting good things for them in Q4. On the hardware side, again, demand, customer reaction has been tremendous and demand is really strong there. And on the software side, all lines of business are performing really, really well. And like to say over -- if you look over a contract cycle over a three-year CAGR basis that we're continuing to see accelerated revenue growth. So on the operating leverage side, we're delighted with the operating margin performance. Second half of the year include some double up on expenses. We did an early retirement program. But I think the overall businesses is pretty much -- I mean, if you take out the one-time things, we're operating pretty much at the guide we've given for the year, which is about 37%.
John Wall: Yeah. There's a very small impact to us. Like saving the majority of our revenue comes from part of the design cycle. The chip capacity constraints that you're referring to is really impact the production side of the cycle. And that's where -- it touches us in terms of royalty revenue. I think last year royalty revenue for Cadence was around $50 million, but this year would be slightly lower than $50 million. But we'd expect that to recover again next year. Yeah. So the impact is pretty small. On the same -- then on the hardware side, we're happy with our supply chain and you see inventory growing a little bit. We talked a couple of years ago about moving from just-in-time to just-in-case in terms of our inventory management. So, we carry a lot of inventory. So we're -- I think we're well protected certainly for the next few quarters on the supply chain side, which we're very happy with where we're positioned right now.
John Wall: That's right. That's right. I mean, there's -- our IP business is mix of licensing and royalty business, and chip capacity constraints from last year could feed into unit production this year and royalties are slightly down, but it's very, very small in terms of the impact of Cadence on our overall numbers.
John Wall: Yeah. Gary, good question. Yeah. When I look at China revenue, I think it's probably easier to look at China over a two-year period because last year with the pandemic impact in the 53rd week impacting Q4, I think if you look at where we're on track for 2021, it's probably 30% CAGR in terms of growth in China since 2019. We're working our way through all the export controls and everything that we -- all the complaints that's required. And we have, and we will continue to comply with all export control regulations, but the situation is fluid and we have to continuously monitor it. But our outlook assumes everything that exists today remains in place today. We haven't predicted any changes that, of course, if there are changes, we would have to take another look at our outlook. But essentially for the sake of guidance, we just assumed that all export limitations that exist today for certain customers would remain in place for the remainder of the year. And then for 2022, we'll update you all in 2022 when we give you our year-end results in February.
John Wall: John, that's a great question. I think the nature of our revenue model is such that I wouldn't expect any dramatic changes in our three-year revenue CAGR because 85% to 90% of the revenue is recurring in nature. So, I mean, when we calculate three-year CAGRs by the end of 2022, we'll be including 2020 and 2021 in that. But -- so you're not going to -- you shouldn't really have a dramatic change. But I think if you have a look at the CFO commentary, you'll see the kind of step function that we've seen over the last few years, it's been slowly accelerating, but it's pleasing to see that it continues to accelerate. And that we're just up over 11.5% now. So we’re running up to 12% this year. So very, very pleased with the way the business is going. Again, we will refrain talking anymore about 2022, until -- we need another 90 days just to get through -- just to get through Q4 for that. But yeah, very, very pleased with the way it's going and because of the recurring revenue nature of so much of our business, I wouldn't expect the three-year CAGR to change pretty much.
John Wall: Yeah, John, that's a great indication. I am sorry. That's a great indication of all the design activity that's going on. I mean, we're seeing strong secular demand across all these generational drivers. We have a great strategy, great portfolio and solid execution that -- and everything you mentioned kind of just indicates more design activity globally, and that's good for Cadence.
John Wall: Yeah. Great question. I mean, slightly -- I expect slightly higher cost in Q4 versus Q3 partly due to -- we did a bit of catch-up in hiring in Q3. And of course, anyone we hired in the second half of Q3 will have a full quarter of their expense in Q4 where you didn’t have a full quarter of expense in Q3. So, slight uptick for that. And then secondly, I expect a little bit more on commission costs because we expect bookings to be stronger in Q4. Because I would anticipate that we will finish the year with a stronger RPO then we started the year. So, we’re expecting a good bookings quarter in Q4, which will add a little bit of commissions expense and then also we have slightly higher T&E impact than forecasted.
John Wall: Yeah. I feel very good about the continuing operating leverage. So, I don’t think there’s any near term ceiling on operating leverage. I mean, you will see that we’re up to 37% now, but it’s the fifth year in a row that we’ve delivered more than 50% incremental margins. So, every dollar revenue growth from 2017 until now we're dropping through more than $0.50 of that revenue growth through to operating income. So, as long as we're delivering incremental margins of over 50% that operating leverage will -- should continue to rise.
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah. That's a great question. Let me take that. This is Anirudh. So, we believe that 3D-IC is the future, right? So the road to the future goes through 3D-IC for multiple reasons, which I mean, putting multiple chips on a package, mixed technologies ability to be to bigger and bigger systems. And I do believe that Cadence is uniquely positioned for that and it affects multiple technologies. Now some of it is because of our history. So you have had a leading platform in packaging for a while with Allegro and a leading platform in analog with virtual so for awhile, and then over the last five years, we have done very well in digital. And then, if you remember over the last two, three years, we have done lot of investment in system analysis. Like Clarity and Celsius are also critical for 3D-IC. Given that terminal is a big challenge when you put these things together. So, I believe Cadence is uniquely positioned. And with Integrity, put this altogether. And it's not just Integrity draws into the other parts of Cadence, like I mentioned. And then as a comparison when -- as we work with customers and leading foundries to do something similar in other products, it's not even one company can bring -- you need a three or four companies to do the same thing whereas if you come to Cadence, we have a comprehensive solution across multiple segments. So I think as 3D-IC takes more momentum going forward, I believe we are well-positioned.
Anirudh Devgan: Yes. Thanks Jackson for the question. So I think as you know, like at lower notes, we're always believed that the integration of the whole digital full flow is critical. So that said, this is a place and route and signoff. So what we are pleased to see, especially in the last, let's say 12 months is, is a wider deployment of our digital tool flows. So we went back like few years ago, the engagement would start with Innovus and that was the leading kind of product that we would do well in. But now I think overall market has accepted our full flow and we see more and more signs of that. So that includes synthesis and signoff along with Innovus and that is becoming more the norm than anything else. So to answer your question, not only Innovus as well, but now synthesis and signoff, which is Genus and Tempus and Quantus, we are pretty happy with the proliferation. And I think that's the trend here to stay.
Anirudh Devgan: Well, it continues to do well, like you saw, and I think it's a combination of things. I mean, the market is definitely growing, because of all this digital connectivity, as you can see in these multiple domains. The market is growing and we believe that we are also taking market share. So I would say it's a combination of both these things driving our digital growth.
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah. Jay, both great questions. I think in terms of new kind of -- you said new products or revamp of existing products. So we are continuously looking at that in all the time. You want to make sure all our products are doing well. As you can see this year, we have launched 13 new products. Several of them are improvement of existing products like Allegro X or Sigrity X. So I think this is a continuous process. As you know, we have a very high investment in R&D compared to our peers. So we are constantly looking at that and you'll see more things come out, of course, as we go forward. On the second one, we are confident in our computational software strategy, that's delivering good results. I think we have lot of organic ability to innovate, which we demonstrated with Clarity and Celsius. And at the same time, we are definitely looking at a new partnerships that make sense, like you said, both on the product side and on the go-to-market side. So I think we will talk about them when they're ready, but Cadence always has a culture of partnering. We partner, for example, with MATLAB, that was a great partnership. At the system level, we partnered with National Instruments, then we bought AWS from them. We have partnership with Green Hills, so we're always looking for win-win partnerships and that continues to be the case going forward.
Anirudh Devgan: Yes, Gary, that's a good -- that's a great question. And you're absolutely right. I mean, the reason for doing also Protium X2 with having the same front end as Palladium is to expand our reach to more and more software bring up. And if you -- this quarter, when we launched Helium for the same reason. So, not only we can run RTL, but with Helium, we can run hybrid models, high level models with RTL, all this is for software bring up. And historically I think Cadence has done well in RTL, with Palladium, but not as well -- the market is growing more in the software bring up. And now we are doing pretty well with Palladium -- with the combination of Palladium and Protium and Helium for software bring up. So I think those are the market, of course, it’s difficult to quantify, but at a high level, I think the market opportunity is maybe one and a half to two X larger once you combine the software and the hardware bring up together. Of course, it takes several years to fully realize all this. But I think the market opportunity for Cadence with Protium, Palladium and Helium is much expanded because of the software bring up opportunity.
Anirudh Devgan: Well, let me -- yeah, that's a good question. I think, like Lip-Bu and John mentioned, we are more on the design side, so we are trying to make sure that we can serve all our customers as they continue to do all these designs. And in that process, we work with all the foundries, all the major foundries, of course, in U.S. and Asia and different parts of the world. So, we have a pretty healthy relationship with all the major ones and we are encouraged to see more investment in the U.S. So, with our overall position, Tom, we are pretty active with all the major foundries and we hope to continue that.
Anirudh Devgan: Okay. Got it. Yeah. So I think the current set of Palladium chips -- I mean, the Palladium has -- it’s a big system, so it has lot of chips that goes into it. And some of them we buy and some of them we make ourselves. So, the ones we make ourselves are made by TSMC, which is one of the leading foundries and we continue to work with them. And we are designing new systems, the next generation of Z2. And we always look at all the foundries, but overall, we are very happy with our foundry partners for the Palladium Z2 system.
Anirudh Devgan: I think it's fair to say that the impact was more like a few months ago. I mean, you still have impact, and we are still mostly, of course, working from home in several parts of the world. And we are slowly opening some offices. But in terms of -- we had a big impact in India a few months ago, I think that has thankfully improved and so it's become more of the norm now and we just continue to work through it. So, no new things, I think in the last three months.
Anirudh Devgan: Our return to work was delayed a little bit, because of Delta. So, we hope to take that up early next year, but other than that, we are working through all the COVID issues.
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah, that's a good point. And we are eagerly awaiting all the details. But if you -- as you know, and the chip side there is funding for manufacturing, but there's also funding for R&D and then as you said, it's not just the hardware or the other manufacturing spend. It's also the IP and the software that enables all these themes. So I think we are optimistic about all this investment in different parts of the world, but I think the details as you know still have to be sorted out. But overall, we have a strong portfolio in multiple geographies. So, as there is more investment in U.S. and Europe, I think that that is a systematically positive for …
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah. Thank you. That’s a good question. So, in terms of Integrity, like I said in my remarks, I think we are pretty confident of our position. And you know lot of the 3D-IC thing, it’s not one thing, it’s a combination of lot of things. So, for example, some 3D-IC systems are more package based, some are more package technology based. Some of them are more interpolar based, which is a more digital technology, but all in all, Cadence is the most unique platform. We are leadership in packaging with Allegro, with analog in Virtuoso, with digital in [indiscernible] and all the analysis tools with Clarity and Celsius and they are all integrated and best of class solutions. So, we are pretty confident of our position and the response we are getting. And to your question with TSMC, TSMC is a great partner of Cadence. And we are working with them on a variety of things, including integrity 3D-IC. And actually to give you, example, one of the leading mobile customers did a 3D-IC solution with that with us and TSMC. And one of the key things there was the thermal profile and they used Celsius to do silicon validation that Celsius is accurate for 3D-IC temperature simulation. So, I think 3D-IC is going big. And it requires multiple products and multiple implementation flows, and we are pretty confident in our position.
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah. Thank you for the question. I think Intel -- we are glad to do more with Intel. Actually they have the Intel foundry announcement and also some new programs like Ramsay with the government. And I’ll just quote what is already public by Randhir, who is the Head of Intel Foundry. He says along with our customers and ecosystem partners, including IBM, Cadence, Synopsis and others, we will bolster the domestic semiconductor supply chain. So, this is official comment from Intel, and I think we let them speak for the strategy, but we are glad to do more with Intel. Thank you.
Anirudh Devgan: I’m just saying we’re very pleased with the M&A integration for NUMECA and Pointwise, but not hugely significant from a revenue standpoint right now, but we would expect them to be accretive next year.
