John Wall: Thanks, Lip-Bu and good afternoon everyone. Cadence exceeded all of its key operating metrics and delivered strong financial results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2018. Before we get into Q4 results, let me remind you that Cadence adopted the new revenue accounting standard known as ASC 606 for fiscal 2018. The numbers I present today for our fourth quarter and 2018 are based on these new rules unless otherwise stated. 2018 was our transition year to ASC 606 and to provide a more direct comparison against our 2017 results. We show our quarterly and annual results under both sets of rules for 2018. Now let's go through the key results for the fourth quarter and the year starting with the P&L. As reported, total revenue was $570 million for the quarter and $2.138 billion for the year. Q4 and 2018 both benefited from the shift and timing of revenue recognized on some hardware systems that we previously expected to deliver in 2019. As a result, non-GAAP operating margin was just over 31% for the fourth quarter and just over 30% for the year. GAAP EPS $0.35 for the quarter and $1.23 for the year and non-GAAP EPS was $0.52 for the quarter and $1.87 for the year. For the old rules which can be directly compared to 2017, total revenue for the fourth quarter was $579 million and $2.146 billion for the year and also benefited from the earlier than expected delivery of hardware systems in q4 2018. As a result, non-GAAP operating margin was just over 30% for both Q4 and the year. GAAP EPS was $0.36 for the quarter and $1.25 for the year. Non-GAAP EPS was $0.51 for the quarter and $1.88 for the year. The recurring revenue mix for the full year was approximately 90%. The mix for Q4 was approximately 85%, slightly lower than usual due to the extra hardware systems delivered in Q4. Now turning to the balance sheet and cash flow, cash totaled $533 million at year end. Toward the end of December we drew down $100 million on our revolving credit facility to fund the investment in Green Hills Software. As a result, debt outstanding at quarter end was $450 million. Operating cash flow in Q4 was $132 million and $605 million for the full year. DSOs were 48 days; under the old rules DSOs were 46 days. Our DSO target for 2019 remains 45 days. And during Q4 we were repurchased $100 million of Cadence shares. Now for our guidance, note that we have completed the transition to the new revenue accounting rules. So going forward, all numbers will be reported on an ASC 606 basis. For fiscal 2019, we expect revenue in the range of $2.27 billion to $2.31 billion representing growth of approximately 7% at the midpoint compared to 2018. We expect non-GAAP operating margin of 30% to 31%, GAAP EPS in the range of $1.33 to $1.43, non-GAAP EPS in the range of $1.97 to $2 .07. We expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $640 million to $690 million. And we expect to use approximately 50% of our free cash flow to repurchase Cadence common stock during 2019. For Q1, we expect revenue in the range of $565 million to $575 million, non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 30%, GAAP EPS in the range of $0.36 to $0.38 non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.48 to $0.50. You will find guidance for additional items as well as further analysis in the CFO commentary available on our website. In conclusion, I'm pleased with our execution, financial performance and progress across all of our businesses. Our investments are paying off in our system design enablement strategy is driving results and creating value for customers and shareholders. And with that operator, we'll now take questions.
John Wall: Yeah, John, gross margins consistently being like 90% or 91% every quarter and it dropped to 88% for Q4. That was entirely due to the shift in Palladium Z1 hardware shipments that shifted from 2019 into 2018. For Q1 and for 2019, we expect to go back to normal.
John Wall: And John, it's John Wall here. You'll see some revenue mix by geography information on page four of our CFO commentary. On that you'll see that Asia ticked up to 28% for 2018. Of that 28%, just under 10% of that was from China. I know you asked that in the last call.
John Wall: And Mitch, in relation to your question with regard to what's included in guidance for 2019, I mean, 2018 was a very strong year for functional verification. And of course, it benefited from that shift of hardware revenue that we were originally expecting to deliver in 2019 and we delivered it in 2018. So that's going to make 2019 and tough compare for functional verification.
John Wall: Yes, Mitch, we're very pleased with our results for 2018 and feel very confident and happy with our guidance for 2019. Naturally, there was an operating margin impact of that shift in hardware revenue from 2019 to 2018 on both years, but we're very pleased with the progression we're making.
John Wall: Sure Rich, yeah, I mean for – let me see, for functional verification it was high teens that for – actually high teens for functional verification and mid to high teens for IP for the year in 2018. Let me see for the – and then in relation to next year. I think the key thing to point out here is that we've pretty much an inline quarter for Q4 with the addition of that hardware shift that came out of '19 into '18. So therefore for '19, I think the knock on impact there is, we think it's a tough compare for functional verification. But we think the rest of the businesses should all perform strongly to get us to average at 7%.
John Wall: And Tom just come back to you on the difference between GAAP and non-GAAP tax impact, it may need to do with share based compensation, but with the share price doing so well this year we picked up a lot of share based comp expense that we could use in our tax return, but that's not in our non-GAAP results but it's in our GAAP results.
John Wall: And Gal, the mix of our business that comes from systems companies is approximately 40%. That's been pretty consistent the last two or three years. That's because the system is businesses growing, but so is our semiconductor business.
John Wall: So Gary that – the IP business grew 16% in 2018, approximately 16% in 2018 and h in terms of the shift from 605 to 606 that's – the 8 million, the reason that it's – the reason it's 8 million and not 40 million as we thought earlier in the year was because we kind of underestimated our ability to write business under the new rules in a very, very consistent revenue timing way. So we ended up with very much the same revenue timing. So that 8 million difference was kind of spread across all businesses, it wasn't all IP in the end.
John Wall: Yeah, Monica, I think the thing to remember there is that shift and hardware revenue from 2019 to 2018, while it benefits 2018, has doubled the impact on 2019. Like say, it was an inline quarter with the exception of that. So you're talking about a $20 million shift from 2019 into 2018. It's got like a 1% impact to revenue growth for 2018. So without it, we'd be closer to 9% revenue growth in 2018, but has doubled the impact. It's like a 40 million swing on 2019, 2019 would be 9% revenue growth if that $20 million of hardware revenue had fallen into '19 instead of '18.
John Wall: Yes that's correct Monica that were investing in R&D and field engineering resources to support expansion of our footprint and market shipping customers. And that's what you're seeing flow through there on the on the CapEx side.
John Wall: So Sterling we're not disclosing anything about revenue run rate at Green Hills, they're a private company, but we'll account for the investment in Green Hills using the equity method of accounting. So you'll see our portion of Green Hills results flow through the other income and expense line for GAAP only, so it won't be in our non-GAAP results. Green Hills is profitable, has a broad base of top customers and especially proliferate – and is especially proliferated industries where the highest levels of safety and security are required such as aerospace and defense and automotive. But yes, there'll be nothing in our non-GAAP results. It'll show up in GAAP only on our other income and expense line.
John Wall: And Mitch, we've seen steady growth in revenue in China. If you are referring to page four of our CFO commentary there, you'll see in Asia, Asia drove 24% of our revenue in 2016, 27% in 2017, 28% in 2018, but of that roughly 8% of 2016 revenue is China. 9% of 2017 revenue is China and now it's just under 10% in 2018.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, thanks John, for the questions. And clearly in our we have less volatility because we are very focused on the design front end of the development and even though the environment kind of mix, but we remain confident that some of this AI machine learning, cloud datacenter, 5G, autonomous driving they are driving a very strong design activity and especially we are very focused on the market shipping customer and then also in other SD strategy that we put in place that provide not only the opportunity into the system and the vertical markets that we serve and that opened up a tremendous opportunity for us so that we can drive better success and engaging with our leading customer. And in terms of the end market impact clearly Asia Pacific is a very good opportunity and good growth for us. We can continue to benefit that and so some of these challenges that we see, we are much more in the design front end, so we don't see some of these manufacturing impact some other company will have.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, so let me get started first. And clearly the function verification is very challenging for our customers I mentioned and we will be providing the Cadence Verification Suite and that providing a very nice platform for our customer, providing the whole Verification Suite not just the hardware and also the Xcelium, the Jasper, the VIP, so the whole package cannot be very compelling for customer. And on the hardware side, we have a great 2018 and we won 22 new customers. The demand is very strong for my existing customer to increase the capacity and for the advanced note design customer just love that scale and more predictable and find a box earlier and that's critical for the design.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, so I think, Rich it's a good question. AI machine learning is very dear to my heart, because I think we're moving into this data driven economy and it's very broad application to medical, to the datacenter, to the intelligent energy management and across the auto vertical and so the impact is significant. And we're addressing not just for the startups, I think startup I think you saw some of them raise a lot of money, the Graph Call, Habana Lab and many others and so I think they'll continue to do well. We haven't seen any shake up yet because application market is so big. And now on the other hand, some of the high – the very big company that in the hyper scale player and also some of the system player, they are deploying massively into the AI machine learning R&D deployment, we are delighted to support them with our tool in IP and clearly we have a lot to offer. Besides our tool, EDA tool we actually apply the AI machine learning into our tool we see significant improvement on that and customer love it and encouraging us continue to put dough on it. And then the other part is clearly our Tensilica turned out to be a very, very important for the embedded influence applications and also for the augmented reality applications. So the DNA 100 have been very well received. We are excited about it. So I think overall stay tuned, I think this AI machine learning impact is going to new compute in not only the training and also the in front side.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, so I think clearly we're excited. And aerospace and defense space area, this is a vertical that we're targeted and we don't have a breakdown income of the market potential, but you can see that there's a lot of activity especially in the AI machine learning development that's why we're excited about our contract with DARPA and also we have a couple of really significant customer, they are working with us and we mentioned couple of them that we have successful and also we signed a very big major aerospace and defense contractor with four significant EDA and IP contract. So I think overall we're excited about this vertical, we kind of focus on three verticals cloud datacenter, automotive and aerospace and defense and so this is the one that we have a very good 2018.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, Tom, I think first of all, this is not an acquisition and this is a strategic investment that we make, 150 million investments for 16% of the company and I would join the board and I think, this is something that we're very excited. First of all, it ties in very well with system design and implement strategy and that we try to expand beyond our core business. This embedded software is the nearest adjacency and this is the next level up to the system spec being closed tight to the underwriting hardware and this is now exploring the new opportunity for us. That's about 3 billion estimate, 3 billion embedded system safety and security. And with this hyper connected world, the safety and security become a critical challenge for many of the industry expertise a critical industry like the aerospace, automotive, industrial and medical, they are very well positioned as I mentioned in my script that they have been certified at the highest e EAL6+ security level and so we are very excited. This will open up a lot of doors for us in terms of combining Green Hill and Cadence expertise and that providing that very unique differentiating value to our customers and shareholders.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah. Thanks so much Jay for the two very important questions. So first question you have about the semiconductor to the system, company and even service provider, the differences of supporting them. Clearly they are all demanding customer, we love them and in terms of system companies they are some differences. They are looking at the total performance power envelope and the system modeling and requirement and we are very well positioned for providing that beside the EDA tool, we also have packaging, PC board layout and system modeling and system simulation that is really, really compelling for them to come to us. And then the other part we're also understanding their requirement better in terms of how to serve them and support them and they are very much – time to market is more important to them and then we're able to meet their schedule, meet their timetable and then deliver the product. From the system level they are more comprehensive and that they are satisfying the requirement that is critically important to them. And then also as you can tell, many of our service providers they're also building up their silicon and the subsystem ASIC model to meet their requirement and we are excited about doing that. So I think what overall, we – both semiconductor and system side we're doing very well. The semiconductor side I highlighted couple of them, Samsung, clearly broader adoption of our tool, MediaTek adopting our full digital flow from Synthesis to Signoff and of course we are very, very excited about our marquee semiconductor US company and that explain to you why we have increased of the wreck for the AE because the demand, the requirement to support this, I call it game changing opportunity for us. We had to support them and then in a very timely fashion and we had to meet the requirement on performance and scalability. And that's why we're increasing our AE support that we need to drive the success, yeah.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, so I think it's a good question and clearly as we mentioned earlier the hardware emulation and our Protium also it's steadily increasing adoption, we're very pleased with that. In terms of the digital flow, clearly I think you point out our Innovus Place & Route is very successful many leading market shipping customer adopting them and then we also excited about Innovus, for example MediaTek from Synthesis, Genus all the way to Tempus and also same thing with Samsung, broader adoption for our for digital flow and that we are excited about. So I think we kind of want to be the best of tool in every category and besides the Place & Route sometime it takes time to the maturity and now our Synthesis Genus I think will kick off and now our Signoff I think will kick off because it is very critical in terms of production. Signoff is very critical and it will take a little bit longer time, finally, I think we turned the corner. We have 23 full flow win for 2018, stay tuned we are working very hard on 2019. We have more too exciting to share with you as the time count go by.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, I think as I mentioned earlier, both are doing very well for us. The semiconductor side, as you can tell, over time, we will share with you some of the marquee and market shipping customer. They are the leader in their sector and we are winning and we are broadly proliferating in the most advanced notes. And clearly because of the performance, scalability not the PPA and run time and they are very happy to see the performance we have, using the parallelism and also using our AI machine learning approach and now moving to the cloud and that they can see significant improvement and the scalability they look for. On the system and service provider, we are very excited, we have a lot of opportunity in front of us and we are engaging heavily and stay tuned, from time to time we will highlight in our success. Stay tuned.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, we've mentioned earlier last June and in that – on STAC [ph], this is the largest industry conference and exhibition and we launched our Cadence Cloud with three major leaders Amazon, Microsoft and Google. We are excited about that partnership and collaboration. We have adoption momentum and we are very pleased with that. And clearly we're taking the lead in terms of industry transition to the cloud and it's not just for the sake of cloud, it's really focused on driving the performance and the productivity for our customers and we work very closely with our customers, with the selected cloud enabler and then so that we're providing and really focus on driving the performance and productivity of our customers and provide them the security that they can scale within their own organizations.
Lip-Bu Tan: I think you have to wait and see because it's still early, only last June and we have the growing momentum of adoptions and we want to make sure that we really drive the performance and productivity from the customer. And then clearly the simulation, characteristics, workload is now quite broadly adopted by some of the customer to the cloud. And then the Palladium cloud is also happening. So we're kind of doing tool by tool and then driving the performance and just make sure that our customers see the benefit of having that.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, I think clearly Tensilica is a very strong position in the audio as I mentioned and now moving to vision and also automotive, surveillance and augmented reality, so it really depends on applications. And in some cases, we coexist and in some cases we shine and so clearly we are excited about our IP, it's a double digit growth for us. And then Tensilica DNA 100 is very well received for the embedded processing. And then RISC-V is another architecture and our tool support all the different architecture and so we are coexisting very well, we support them. And IP is – we embrace open source and clearly we support any different architecture and by more really – right now we are moving towards I call it domain specific, workload specific processor and application. And so we open with that. And then also I think the other big opportunity is this high speed connectivity. So the high speed 3000 and 112 gig [ph] at the 7-nanometer for the long-reach that is very well received and in the datacenter and cloud this is a must have and it's a silicon proven we're excited about that opportunity also.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, so Monica, first of all I'm very excited about this I call it the world class for the security and safety embedded system and clearly they have a lot to offer, this real time operating system and also software development tools and middle way and with this very proprietary partitioned [ph] architecture that not protecting hardware [ph] you need to protect in a very highly reliable security and performance and we are excited about it. We take ownership in it. I just joined the board and we are exploring couple of areas of collaborations. First of all is the go-to-market and this is a very good software and then how do we proliferate into some of the different verticals defend and secure – defense and aerospace clearly is their strong hold and then besides that clearly in the automotive and medical and there's many areas that we can explore how to go-to-market. And then secondly, the technology collaborations in terms of clearly we are the industry leader in providing to end-to-end EDA and semiconductor IP solution. They are very strong in embedded safety and security software solution that each one bringing something really unique and we can leverage our respective strengths and collaborate in multiple fronts. In terms of the technology collaborations clearly we can explore collaboration with our Verification Suite, our IP and others so that we can serve our system vertical markets together in a more effective way. And also we can also look at some of the co marketing activity in the future. So all this – we just had this agreement finalized and we have multiple meetings to explore how can we do and how do we prioritize that so that we can really increase the revenue from both companies and I'm excited about it and then the customer that we're exposed to the can't wait to get us together to work on it and for something that we – stay tuned and then we will be reporting as you go.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, Sterling, that's a good question. And again, as I mentioned earlier, is a very mixed environment, clearly we are supporting the customer, clearly that the leader in the industry and so far we are very happy with our engagement with them and they are the leader in the sector. So we kind of highlight to you that is our high priority to support that. In terms of the exposure, I think we're heavily engaging with some of this leading sector, AI machine learning that I mentioned earlier, the cloud datacenter infrastructure that we are very well positioned there and clearly is autonomous driving, the Tier 1 OEM and then also the 5G, some of the leading customer and we are engaging and then renting from cell phone all the way to the infrastructure provider. And so overall I think we're well position, we are very diversified, very broad in terms of our customer base and clearly we're also in a new area that we are excited is the whole SDE, System Design Enablement, thereby increasing our system companies and also some of the vertical market like the Aerospace Defense and then clearly in the automotive side and we have a lot of success there and also clearly one thing that over time we're going to be also expanding is a medical related that's another big area of opportunity for us. So overall, I think we're very broad, we don't expose to any specific sector or specific company and then the design activity remains very strong across semiconductor system and vertical market.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, Sterling, it's a very good question. If you followed me for the last 10 years, I will continue to guide you at the time that we see it and now if you recall we initially guiding you from a very disaster year 2008 and '09 and then we starting to point to the teen and then point to the mid 20 and then now we are reaching 30 and then stay tuned – and at the right time we will highlight to you where we are going. We're continuing to drive efficiency, R&D, G&A, in every sector and then meanwhile we also continue to invest for the success for the long-term shareholder and clearly you can see that we have been investing in the right place and you can see that our digital implementation side is a lot of success right now. Our custom analog continues to be – had the leadership and we're investing in the future, in the 5-nanometer, 3-nanometre with a leading customer, we move into the cloud and now we're moving to the SD and we also focus on some of the vertical system and service provider and those take investment. And so we continue to drive efficiency and drive success. And then with the AE support, stay tuned, when the right time comes, we will guide you the longer term operating margin that we like to shoot for.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah. So I think Mitch, good question. We have done well in China and we continue to representing – has continued to representing a growing opportunity. And in China we remain committed to build out on domestic semiconductor industry. And so we are well positioned there. And we are supporting our global customer throughout. And so I think stay tuned, business as usual and we continue to support our customers.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you. In closing through continuous innovation and execution our system design enablement strategy has positioned us to capitalize on multiple technology wins and further proliferating our solutions with a broader base of customers. We're proud of the innovative and inclusive culture we are building at Cadence. The strength of our culture is highlighted by the recognition we received from Fortune magazine a few days ago, as we're proud that for the fifth year in the row we make the list of Fortune Top 100 best companies to work for. I would like to thank all our shareholders, customers and partners, Board of Directors and our hardworking employees globally for their continued support. Thank you all for joining us this afternoon.
