John Wall: Thanks, Lip-Bu and good afternoon everyone. I am pleased to report we met or exceeded all of our key operating metrics in Q2. And as a result of strong execution across our business, we are increasing our outlook for fiscal 2018. Before we get into Q2 results, I’d like to remind you that Cadence adopted the new revenue accounting standard known as ASC Topic 606 for fiscal 2018. These new rules, as we often refer to them, are now GAAP. The numbers I present for our second quarter are based on these new rules unless otherwise stated. Please also keep in mind that this is the first year we are reporting under the new rules which are not directly comparable to those of 2017, which were reported under ASC Topic 605 or the old rules. For all four quarters of 2018, we will show our quarterly results as reported under the old rules to allow comparison to 2017 on an apples-to-apples basis. Having covered that, let’s now go through the key results for the second quarter starting with the P&L. As reported, total revenue was $518 million, non-GAAP operating margin was 30%, GAAP EPS was $0.27, and non-GAAP EPS was $0.45. And under the old rules for direct comparison against 2017, total revenue was $515 million, up 8% year-over-year, non-GAAP operating margin was 30%, GAAP EPS was $0.26 and non-GAAP EPS was $0.44. Now turning to the balance sheet and cash flow. Cash and short-term investments totaled $825 million at the end of Q2, with approximately $475 million of that cash here in the U.S. Debt outstanding at quarter end was $650 million. Operating cash flow in Q2 was $205 million. During the quarter, we used $50 million for share repurchases and $45 million to pay down borrowings under our revolving credit facility. As reported, DSOs were 39 days. Under the old rules, DSOs were 36 days. I will now provide our updated guidance. For Q3, we expect the following results, revenue in the range of $510 to $520 million, non-GAAP operating margin in the range of 27% to 28%, GAAP EPS in the range of $0.22 to $0.24, non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.40 to $0.42 and DSOs of approximately 40 days. For fiscal 2018, we now expect revenue in the range of $2.07 billion to $2.09 billion, non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 28%, GAAP EPS in the range of $0.95 to $1.01, non-GAAP EPS in the range of $1.64 to $1.70 and operating cash flow in the range of $535 million to $565 million. We now expect the difference in revenue under the new and old rules to be approximately $25 million. As a result, under the old rules, our implied 2018 guidance at the midpoint is now expected to be revenue of approximately $2.105 billion, non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 29%, GAAP EPS of approximately $1.06, and non-GAAP EPS of approximately $1.74, and our operating cash flow is expected to be approximately $550 million. Please note that we expect our operating cash flow to be the same under both the new and old rules, because our transition to the new rules in 2018 is just an accounting change and as a result there is no impact to our cash flows or to how we operate our business. For more details on the impact of the transition to the new rules on our financial statements, please see our CFO commentary, which was included with our 8-K filing today and is available on our website. To sum up today’s call, I want to highlight that I am pleased with our progress. On an apples-to-apples basis, we are now expecting annual revenue to increase by more than 8% compared to the 7% revenue growth we achieved in 2017. We expect non-GAAP operating margin, on the basis of the old rules to improve to approximately 29% for the year compared to 27.5% last year. And it’s pleasing to me to see so much of the improvement in profitability flowing through to operating cash, which we now expect to land at a midpoint of $550 million for 2018, an increase of approximately $80 million over last year. Before I finish, I would like to thank the extended Cadence team for their operational discipline, their drive and passion to make our customers successful, and for the very large part they have all played in allowing us to raise our guidance for the year. And with that, operator, we will now take questions.
John Wall: Hi, Monika. Yes, we believe there is still room to grow operating margin. We are confident in our model and believe that our system design enablement strategy opens up additional growth opportunities for us.
John Wall: Overall, business is good. I wouldn’t focus too intensely on the results of any one individual quarter or one half over the other. Our focus is more on improving year-over-year. The business is very strong for all the reasons that Lip-Bu talked about. I mean, for 2018, we are now looking at over 8% revenue growth and almost all of that is organic and like we said on non-GAAP operating margin, that’s up to 29% compared to 27.5% achieved last year. The other thing to note on cash, the first half is particularly strong for operating cash flow due to the timing of collections, and that’s just a shift between quarters within this year.
John Wall: That’s a fair assumption, Gary. Cadence Cloud offers customers another way to optimize their investment in Cadence tools. It’s a valuable addition to our product portfolio for both customers and Cadence and it’s too early to say more than that.
John Wall: Yes, Rich. Yes, I mean, when I look at the results we are not guiding revenue by individual product groups, but what I can say is that yes, we continue to expect IP to be our fastest growing product group for 2018. Yes, that’s true.
John Wall: Hi, Sterling, this is John. A key part of our strategy is to become increasingly mission-critical to our customers and Cadence Cloud offers customers another way to optimize their investment in Cadence tools, but we believe that Cadence Cloud will make our product portfolio more valuable.
John Wall: Again, it’s a valuable addition to the product portfolio and customers will pay for the value they receive. I mean, generally – operationally, we focus on three key things, which I believe creates a virtuous cycle. We lead with innovation, which makes us become increasingly mission-critical to our customers and we drive operational excellence across the company. That virtuous cycle creates gains with Cadence that improved cash flow and then we use that cash flow to reward employees, return value to shareholders and invest in product development and new innovation to continue that virtuous cycle. And as Lip-Bu said earlier, when our customers look at Cadence Cloud, they will focus on productivity, scalability, security and flexibility.
John Wall: No, it was mainly on the IP and hardware side. We received some IP and hardware payments in the first half that would normally have fallen more evenly across the year and that caused the first half to be particularly strong for operating cash flow, but this is just a shift between quarters within this year though.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, M&A, we have a very disciplined approach to the M&A. And clearly, we want it to fit into our overall strategy and also providing the customer with a differentiating technology and also recruiting the -- bringing in the top talent either in the managerial or technical side, and at the end of the day it’s really focused on the shareholder return.
Lip-Bu Tan: So, let me start first and then John will fill in. So, overall, we really like our refi IP strategy, and it’s working well for us. It’s another strong quarter of us in the DDR and PCIe. We mentioned couple of T1 [ph], the first DDR5 test chip is working at 7-nanometer at TSMC, and I highlight couple of key success with the customer, DDR with a major semiconductor company, PCIe with a leading storage company and also working with the leading mobile customer on the 7-nanometer sensor application. So, overall, I think the IP business is doing well and Tensilica also mentioned 5 new logos and then going at above -- over 10% of the revenue. And so I think overall, we are quite happy with our leadership and also our IP portfolio. And as you know, we recently just added the acquisition of new semi even though it will be a minimum impact for this year. Going forward, that would be exciting for us, it’s very critical for the hyperscale. The infrastructure, I think is an exciting one for us. In terms of emulation, I think clearly we are also quite pleased with our performance. We mentioned up 6 new customers and 9 repeat orders, and then 2 for the Palladium Cloud, and so we are excited about that, but I just want to highlight it’s a very lumpy business, quarter-to-quarter may change, but overall we like what we have. This is the third full year of continuing to do well. And overall, we really focus on the Verification Suite that consists of Jasper, Xcelium, Palladium, Protium, and VIP. Overall, the Verification Suite is coming up nicely.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. So I think you have two part of the questions. So, one is about the overall EDA, I think overall I have to say the EDA is very good driven by the strong design activity, especially when we drive the whole data driven and also the whole technology, the technology waves and in terms of machine learning, deep learning applications. So, we see it increase in the design activity and we are very pleased to see that. So overall from the EDA side, we are excited. And then the other part is also the broad-based demand for our innovative system designed enabled solution, have been quite well received. So overall, we are excited about the overall EDA environment. Regarding the partnership, you mentioned couple of them and clearly, we also are working on that. And so I think it’s important to really focus on what customer needs and we partner in some cases with our peers and also ecosystem partners working together to support the customer success and couple of them that we highlight in the past partnership with the MathWorks and the partnership with National Instruments and many others. And so we continue to do that and then we have a great success also.
Lip-Bu Tan: Jay, it’s a good questions. Let me address one by one. Pegasus, as you know, this is the – for the non-manufacturing related area. We are excited about the design we have with a massive parallelism and also cloud enabled, so that we can really addressing all the cloud requirements. And then the other part is not clearly, right now, we are very focused on the certification from some of our foundry partners and we are excited about that and stay tuned. And then on the Synthesis side that we are making great progress with multiple customer in the most advanced nodes and then the Sigrity in terms of the product and then so far we have great success and then it tied in with voters and approach I think is very good, but so far we are not guiding any specific product line and clearly just back to that Sigrity 2018, we have a new 3D capability that helped the PCB that is quite unique. So, overall I think all this already built into our guidance for 2018. But just back to your point, it’s true we are making great progress. Stay tuned.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, good question. So, I think on the macro side, clearly as I mentioned earlier, we see the design activity increase and due to couple of factors I mentioned earlier, the next decade will going to be the big data, data analytics and that changed the whole workload and become more data-driven economy. And we are very well positioned for doing that. And then also some of the new technology like 5G and on the machine-learning, deep learning and some of the [indiscernible] fix related, silicon photonics related area and we are very well-positioned for that. So, I think overall and our EDA is more related to the design activity and we really see the increase of that. So, I think overall I am cautiously optimistic on that. Regarding the memory, clearly the memory related to data memory and storage will be critical for us. We are delighted. We are making great progress on the memory player and a customer. We have highlighted in the past two quarters. We continued to make progress on that and we all saw very good progress on some of the storage related, we just highlight some of the IP engagement with the storage player. And so I think overall the demand trend is continuing to look good. And regarding the semiconductor cycle, as we all know there is a cycle, but I am very cautiously optimistic, because we see the design activity has increased a lot. So, we are excited and we are very well positioned for that.
Lip-Bu Tan: Good questions. So overall we have done well in China is a growing opportunity. And we pay a lot of attention on that. And China, as you know, the government is very committed to build the own domestic industry to be self-sufficient and we continue to be – and I think most important for us is really to be the best trusted partner to our customer globally, including China customers and we make sure that our tool and our IP supporting them for the developments and something that’s a high priority for us. And overall, we paid a lot of attention about the trade war and then clearly we hope for the best, but meanwhile we are being make sure that we are well-positioned to support our customers.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. So I think, Mitch, first of all I am not going to speculate and so clearly we work closely with all our ecosystem partners ranging from the IP to the foundry and include the semi cap agreement. And so I think this is the whole ecosystem and we are focused on how we do best in terms of providing the tool in IP to be the best partner for the customers.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, we are very excited about automotive vertical. And clearly, we are very well-positioned on that. As you can tell, automotive by now have a lot of more electronic components and they also everybody from Tier 1 to the automotive maker they are putting a big effort into the EDAs in terms of machine learning, deep learning to driving the cloud connected and device in vehicles and we are very heavily engaging with them and stay tuned, I think this is a great platform. We have great opportunity in terms of the IP and also the tool. We are well positioned for supporting them.
Lip-Bu Tan: I think we are more – we don’t have that breakdown, but I think clearly more in the chip design activity. And then the PCB side, clearly we have some engagement from our Allegro and then the packaging related area, but overall it’s a good opportunity for us and we continue to support our customer.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. I think you have good questions and clearly cloud datacenter and Cadence cloud is high priority for us. We are delighted, we are collaborating with Amazon, Microsoft and Google to provide a co-readiness to our customer manage cloud and that’s something that is exciting and we highlight a couple of offerings from Palladium cloud to liberate Trio that is cloud available and Pegasus on the cloud available and we have great traction in term of customer adoptions and endorsement by Arm and TSMC. So overall, I think that security is an issue that in the last 20 years we have been working through with our foundry partner and our IP partners and more importantly to make sure that our customers is satisfied and then really feel comfortable to deploy and in their customer managed cloud. And that’s something it’s exciting and we have rolling out product by products available in a very broad way to provide that cloud to really drive productivity, scalability and optimize security and flexibility to the customer. We are very focused on the customer success here.
Lip-Bu Tan: And answer your question both and so very excited to see some of the major customer really want to be in the cloud and that can really drive the day is driving the productivity and the performance of that design. And when you can able to partition all your design tools spread over the verdict unlimited server and that can envy really, really the performance and they see the benefit. That is really the key thing for us, for Cadence to really embark on it. And then some of the smaller company also benefit from it. So at the end either the small company or big company is really the bottom line is to drive the performance and then the scalability and the productivity for that design.
Lip-Bu Tan: It’s a bit too early to give the guidance and then clearly we are excited about this new Cadence Cloud and we are focused on it and then focused on customer success. We are delighted the leading hyper-scale web service cloud guy is partnering with us. We are also very excited. TSMC and Arm are endorsing and supporting us. And this is a major effort and we are clearly the leader in this.
Lip-Bu Tan: Okay. In some way, I think, Sterling, the feedback from our customer is really delighted, because they see clearly performance improvement, productivity improvement and I mean that, we can really support the pricing that we want to support the customer success.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, Sterling, I think a little bit too early to tell, but so far we are very encouraged in terms of the customer feedback and also very strong partnership with TSMC and our hyperscale partners and to scale out and really able to provide unlimited service that a customer can enjoy and then scalability and the productivity and the time-to-market for the benefit and hopefully that will really drive the success of the cloud.
Lip-Bu Tan: In closing, through continuous innovation and execution, we are well-positioned with our system design enablement strategy to leverage the multiple technology waves that further proliferate our solutions with a broader base of customers. We are proud of the innovative and inclusive culture we are building at Cadence. I would like to thank all of our shareholders, customers and partners, Board of Directors and hardworking employees globally for their continued support. Thank you all for joining us this afternoon.
