John Wall: So, Tom, we wanted to provide clarity in relation to second half guidance and expectations without speculating on what may or may not happen with regard to current export limitations. While we don’t provide details on what that speculation might be, we do want to emphasize that we have a very broad diversified and global customer base. 
John Wall: Yes, certainly, Q2 was – there was more profitable mix in revenue. We were happy with the performance in Functional Verification. We continue to expect modest growth for 2019 and even considering the impact of those export limitations. We expect gross margins of course like Q2 was a little unusual to the export limitations.  We’d expect the gross margins for the second half to return to more typical levels. We are investing in opportunities to expand our business with market-shaping customers and investing in TAM expansion opportunities. So that's why the op margin is, for the second half is forecasted at approximately 30%.
John Wall: Well, we are not guiding out beyond 2019, everything we know is included in our guidance for 2019. We take a longer term view over things again with a focus on any one quarter, I tend to – like compare current results against our current midpoint of guidance against 2016, and I think I would expect the model to be pretty consistent.
John Wall: Well, Q2 was a little unusual in that the export limitations took effect on May 16 and again on June 24 in respect to certain customers and like you say those remain in place today. And then, I mean, we had a few things in terms of hardware results, hardware results were more profitable than we expected. Services, revenue was a little bit more profitable than we expected.  And just generally like that wouldn’t – it was great it was a profitable quarter for Q2. But I wouldn’t extrapolate that into any kind of future guidance that we expect non-GAAP gross margin to return to more typical levels in the second half of the year. 
John Wall: Yes, Gary. Certainly, I mean, the model we have we expect to apply consistently and we report you is being something we’ve looked at across the different business groups. But with that, we're guiding for 2019 and we are not guiding beyond.
John Wall: Yes, and Jay, in respect to your questions about deal quality and optimizing pricing, I mean, we are very disciplined and value-driven and we believe the best way to derive value for our products is to collaborate DPU customers and deliver innovative and clearly differentiated solutions.  And as Lip-Bu highlighted, we are investing in opportunities to expand our business with market-shaping customers and we are investing in TAM expansion opportunities, the result from our intelligence system design strategy. I mean, in the end, it’s all about innovation which means attracting, retaining and incentivizing top talents. 
John Wall: Yes, we are not going to speculate on if and when either the regulations may change, our ability to service those customers under the existing regulations may change. That’s our allocated guidance for fiscal 2019 assumes no change either positive or negative to current export limitations. But we would want to highlight that and emphasize that we have very broad diversified and global customer base. 
John Wall: Of course, Sterling, yes. And like you say, I’d like to point out most of that’s expectation of a reversion to me and kind of for the gross margins. But on the op margin side, we are investing in opportunities with market-shaping customers and in our TAM expansion opportunities.  We also have the annual pay increases for employees are effective in July here at Cadence. So, that kicks in for the second half of the year. And that’s what’s taken us to an expectation of 30% for the second half. 
John Wall: And there is always, we’d encourage you not to focus on any one quarter, but you kind of have to look at the results over a longer period. And then certainly I wouldn’t focus on – if you are picking one quarter, I wouldn’t extrapolate Q2 given the unusual nature of the impact of export limitations imposed during the quarter. 
John Wall: Certainly, it’s not just export restrictions. Essentially, it’s a combination of events in the quarter. Like you say, the quarter was a little bit unusual in that respect. But hardware is a little bit more profitable than we originally anticipated. Services revenue was a little bit more profitable than we originally anticipated. And then just Q2 was unusual in itself given the export limitations imposed during the quarter.  That’s what I am saying I wouldn’t focus on – I wouldn’t focus on extrapolating Q2, but it’s focus on any one quarter, but you look at the year really. 
John Wall: So, China is up, yes of course, yes. Yes, China was up, it was up – it was 12% of our revenue in Q2 in comparison to 10% in Q1. But of course that’s down from 13% in Q4. And the nature of hardware and IP is a bit lumpy in nature anyway. But like I say, we wouldn’t read into any one quarter. But, yes, our forecast for the second half of the year assumes that the export limitations that are in place today remain in effect for the rest of the year. 
John Wall: Sure. Like you say, I mean, our China revenue mix over the past five quarters has ranged below 8% in Q2, 18% to high of 13% in Q4 2018. Well, I am not inclined to attribute motivation. Our China business has been strong over the past several quarters, but for now our ability to deliver products and services to certain customers that are on the BIS entity list is limited. So we’d expect the percentage of revenue in China to be lower for the second half of fiscal 2019 than the first half. 
John Wall: Yes, I would expect non-GAAP gross margin to return to more typical levels in the second half of the year. And then the reason we expect operating margins to be 30% is because we are investing in new employees as we invest in opportunities to expand our business with market-shaping customers and the TAM expansion opportunities we have and also because the annual pay increases for employees were effective in July.  That’s impacting our Q3 and Q4 op margins. But I wouldn’t – I expect gross margin to return to more typical levels in the second half of the year.
John Wall: We assess that regularly as part of our normal review of annual operating expenses. But and really back to Gary’s comment earlier in terms of rule of 40, our approach is to invest in the areas where we think we have the highest revenue growth. I am not saying 40 is the right number, because actually we're not guiding beyond 2019.  But essentially, the whole premise on the rule of 40 is you add your operating margin to revenue growth. So, basically the – where we have areas of more revenue growth we will invest a little bit heavier there where we have less revenue growth opportunities, we will look for more profitability. 
John Wall: And I would just add that, IP as Lip-Bu says, it can be lumpy in any single quarter. But looking at the first half of IP, we had double-digit growth there and we are happy with that. But – and with regard to system interconnect, it was a strong quarter for our PCB IC packaging and security analysis products and again, as Lip-Bu said, we had double-digit growth there. So, we are very pleased with the results there. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Sure. So I think, clearly to have a number of China-based EDA companies offering field point tool solutions. And clear we are not going to speculate in the broader hypothesis, but clearly we focus to be the best partner for our customer and include China. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, so I think, Gary, we mentioned quite a few market-shaping customers. That’s a quite few important one, the leader in the industry. And I think I assume that you refer to the marquee U.S. semiconductor company.  Clearly, we have a breakthrough and wide-ranging win with this U.S. based semiconductor company while we have a breakthrough and wide-ranging win. We are in the early stage of partnership while very heavily engaging with them across the product line, the breadth of our engagement. So we are excited about it. But we continue to stay on close and focused. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, Jay, first of all, we respect Mentor tremendously and right now part of Siemens is a very big $100 billion company. So we don’t take them lightly and meanwhile we respect them and a lot and then clearly, there are some products that are competing with us. I think you mentioned earlier the hardware verification emulation side and of course their caliber products. So, I think clearly, we continue to respect them, but we are effectively competing with them and so we treat them that business as usual. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, so, Jay, let me answer the first question and then John will answer the second question. So on the headcount, and we pretty much – that is pretty much on plan in terms of how we are going to bring on board in terms of the talent and also the AE and the engineering talent we continue to bring in and John and I we are very thoughtfully trying to bring in the talent with our executive team to really drive our focus on customer success.  And so, clearly, now we have a lot of multiple market-shaping customers we are proliferating and we need to have AEs to support the customer success. And that’s something that we are very focused on that. In terms of the AE resources increase, clearly not just domestically, also internationally to support our customer.  So I think all in all, I think it’s pretty much on plan and we continue to drive that and as we always say, only when we see the green light from the customer in terms of commitment, in terms of proliferation with us, then we add the AE and engineering talent to support it.
Lip-Bu Tan: First of all, I think, Sterling, we clearly complying the regulation and limit some of our relationship with some of the – any customer that maybe on that entity list and clearly we read all the product portfolio to determine which are the products and related support subject to the limitations.  So I think this is something that we really focus on what are the maintenance and support we can provide and we wanted the best customer and we want to do the best we can. But meanwhile, very important is to comply with the regulation.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, so far, now we don’t see that. But clearly, process for long, and then clearly we'll see some impact. But clearly, right now, so far we don’t see any impacts. And then we have a very broad based customer, as John mentioned, and we are happy in serving those customers. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, we are very delighted with that 11% growth with the big base we have. And then clearly, it reflects our – the leading products that we have and the tools that we have and the customer really is calling on us to delivering the design. And then meanwhile, a lot of applications that I mentioned earlier in the 5G and some of the IoT and autonomous driving and they are all mixed signal.  And so, that is really a strong combination of our strength in the analog and now a very strong portfolio that we have in digital and then make it very compelling to grow that the mix signal RF area. 
Lip-Bu Tan: So, I would add, Krish, let me address these two topics and then John will add some color. First of all, IP and that was a very lumpy business and clearly, if you look at first half it’s a double-digit growth for us and that we like that. And then secondly we just announced our Tensilica Q7.  We are very excited about that whole double vision and then AI performance for automotive AI, VR, mobile and surveillance applications and so we just put a release on that. And we have couple of design wins in the datacenter, mobile and automotive application. And then the other part we like a lot is this 30, high speed 30, 112 gig 30 at 7-nanometer.  And we have very strong customer demand and then we are working very intensely with them. So overall, we like the IP business and we continue to build that as part of our whole – we call it the design excellence in core EDA and IP. That is our strategy.  In terms of the PCB, interconnect side, also very good and a solid business and clearly the whole system interconnect and the system analysis side and we have double-digit growth in that area and so clearly the whole system analysis that will increase in our 4.5 billion TAM market and then our Clarity to 3D Solver, very well received by customers. We have numerous evaluations and a strong customer engagement and interest.  So, all in all, I think we are pretty solid on that. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you all for joining us this afternoon. Next phase of our strategy intelligence system design brings new opportunities in the design excellence, system innovation and pervasive intelligence and an expand the total addressable market. Of course, Cadence was complying with all export regulation and will continue to access and adapt to the situation.  In summary, we are capitalizing on the multiple technology waves and further proliferating our solutions with a broader base of our customers. In closing, I would like to thank all our shareholders, customers and partners, Board of Directors and our hard working employees for their continued support. 
