John Wall: Thanks, Anirudh, and good afternoon, everyone. Cadence achieved strong results for the second quarter of 2022 driven by broad-based strength across our technology portfolio. All of our product categories saw a double-digit year-over-year revenue growth, and we exceeded all key financial and operational metrics in Q2. Here are some of the financial highlights from the second quarter. Total revenue was $858 million. GAAP operating margin was 33%, and non-GAAP operating margin was 42%. GAAP EPS was $0.68, and non-GAAP EPS was $1.08. Operating cash flow was $325 million. We used $350 million of cash to repurchase Cadence shares. And at the end of the quarter, our cash balance totaled $1.03 billion, while the principal value of debt outstanding was $350 million. Before I provide our updated outlook for fiscal 2022 and what we expect for Q3, I'd like to take a moment to share certain key assumptions embedded in our outlook. We assume the export limitations that exist today will remain in place for the remainder of the year. We have included the expected impact of both the Future Facilities and OpenEye acquisitions. At the midpoint of our fiscal 2022 outlook, we have included the following for these acquisitions: Revenue of $15 million, that's 1-5, $15 million; and an operating cash outflow of $60 million largely due to our expectation that some of the price paid for these acquisitions will flow through operating cash in the second half. Embedding these assumptions into our updated outlook for fiscal 2022, we now expect revenue in the range of $3.47 billion to $3.51 billion, GAAP operating margin in the range of 29.25% to 30.25%, non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 39.25% to 40.25%, GAAP EPS in the range of $2.59 to $2.65, non-GAAP EPS in the range of $4.06 to $4.12, operating cash flow of approximately $1.2 billion. And we expect to use our free cash flow to repurchase approximately $900 million of Cadence shares in 2022. For Q3, we expect revenue in the range of $860 million to $880 million, GAAP operating margin in the range of 26% to 27%, non-GAAP operating margin of 37% to 38%, GAAP EPS in the range of $0.58 to $0.62, non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.94 to $0.98. And we expect to use approximately $150 million of cash to repurchase Cadence shares in Q3. Our CFO commentary, which is available on our website, includes our outlook for additional items as well as further analysis and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations. In conclusion, 2022 is shaping up to be another strong year for all of our businesses at Cadence. I am pleased that revenue growth and profitability continued to improve. At the midpoint of our annual outlook, we now expect revenue growth of 16.8%, non-GAAP operating margin of 39.75% and non-GAAP EPS growth of 24.3%. As always, I'd like to close by thanking our customers, partners and our employees. And with that, operator, we'll now take questions.
John Wall: Yes. Sure. Gary, great question. That -- yes, of course, there's an element of time in that backlog number. I think if you look at the RPO number, that excludes the $171 million from other arrangements with non-cancelable commitments. It's about $5.4 billion in RPO, of which about 51% of that is backlog that's expected to revenue in the next 12 months. So it's your 12-month backlog. I think the annual value of that backlog -- I mean your backlog number of 5.4 -- or your RPO number of 5.4 is a mix of your annual value and time. And we're very pleased that we've had -- it's roughly $2.75 billion in 1-year backlog now. Very pleased with that. The systems business itself is about 12% of revenue and probably a similar percent of that's 1-year backlog.
John Wall: Well, the first half was very strong for us. We had some big renewals in the first half. As you recall last quarter, we talked about a U.S. marquee semiconductor company in which we had a record contract. We had big renewals again in the second quarter. But I think the thing to focus on when you look at the backlog is certainly the 1-year backlog I think reflects the quality of the backlog, and then the $5.4 billion reflects the amount of time that we've booked with customers.
John Wall: Vivek, all great questions. I'll take that, if you don't mind. The -- essentially, at the start of the year, we were guiding to 12% with an expectation that I think we expected 87% or 88% of our revenue to be recurring in nature. But it's been a great year -- certainly great first half for our functional verification, particularly the hardware business there. IP has done quite well in the first half, but -- so we've had a higher mix of upfront revenue in the first half, and that's driven up the percentage to a certain extent. I know you're rounding up to 17%. I think if you extract the impact of inorganic revenue that we've included in our outlook for the remainder of the year, the 15 -- if you take the $15 million out, it's up to 16.5% now. And that's largely due to growth across all of our business lines. Our business lines are all performing really, really well. But there's also a higher mix of upfront revenue this year compared to what we expected at the start of the year and compared to last year.
John Wall: Okay. Vivek, a number of questions in there. Let me unpack it a little bit. But I think if you're looking at the underlying growth rate in the business, I think a good way to look at it is to look at the 3-year CAGR because that reflects how well the business has done over one contract cycle. Typically, our customers sign up to 3-year contracts with us. Now there has been more upfront revenue business this year. And if you look at our Q, we disclosed that in quite some detail. I think if you unpack that, you'll find that the recurring revenue business is probably growing at 12% to 13%. The upfront revenue business this year -- our upfront revenue this year compared to last year is up considerably, but the recurring revenue is much more sustainable going forward. The -- and then let me hand you over to Anirudh to talk about the impact to our business if there's a downturn. I think the recurring revenue is very, very sustainable.
John Wall: Yes, yes. Jay, in relation to headcount, I think if you noticed the second half where our margins ticked down a little bit in comparison to the first half, that's all due to employee costs, really. But our merit cycle kicked in on July 1. So pay increases impact us in the second half of the year, and we expect to continue hiring at pace in the second half of the year. Chip design activity has been very strong, both with semiconductor and systems companies. And the market for talent is very competitive with how we've performed on the Great Place to Work service for the last 6, 7 years, I think we've had no issues with attracting talent, and we're not slowing down our our hiring activity. And of course, as you mentioned, we're bringing in headcount through M&A as well.
John Wall: Charles, yes, great question. As I mentioned to Jay a few moments ago, I mean, chip design activity is very strong. I mean I think within the startup community, we probably observed more caution in spending, but demand is there right across the board. In terms of quantifying our exposure, our exposure is quite small on the startup side. If you recall back in -- I think it was Q2 2020 at the height of the original outbreak of COVID in that pandemic, I think at the peak, we reserved $70 million of bookings for -- and they were mainly small customers. And at that, we collected -- we probably collected half of that eventually. But -- so I don't think there's -- I don't think we have any significant exposure on the startup community. And like I say, although they're being cautious, demand is there right across all our businesses. Also, Charles, everything we know is in the guidance. We've already -- I mean to the extent that there's been any impact in our pipeline, that's already included in the guidance.
John Wall: Yes. Joe, great question and great observation. Yes. We're very, very pleased the fact that the current backlog or the kind of 1-year backlog has gone up to about $2.75 billion. That reflects strength across all our businesses, but it also reflects the amount of hardware business we've signed up in the last few quarters. You might see that the second half of the year, we've taken up the second half of the year, I think, $52 million compared to where we thought we'd be this time last quarter. And a lot of that has been in the functional verification side because the amount of hardware business that we signed up. I think in the Q as well, you'll see some new disclosures for raw materials and finished goods in our inventory. We're building the systems as fast as we can to deliver to customers. But the $2.75 billion of current backlog or 1-year backlog probably has a bigger proportion of hardware in it this quarter than last quarter.
John Wall: So Joe, I wouldn't tell you that this time is different at all. I think what I would highlight, though, is I would like to distinguish that we're part of the design cycle, not the manufacturing cycle or production cycle. And design continues unabated. I mean I have seen among the smaller kind of startup companies a bit more caution on spending, but demand is still there across the board. I mean they may be cautious. There might be slightly longer lead times, but we're still seeing really strong demand across all lines of business. But that's -- again, we're in the design cycle. Typically, what we've seen in the past is people double down on design at times like this.
Anirudh Devgan: Hi, Gary, this is Anirudh. That's a great question. So first of all, we are very pleased with our execution to the Intelligent System Design strategy. And as you see, we are doing well, applying computational software expertise to our core and then new areas. So all our businesses are doing well. And as we expand into the system space, like we did with finite element and then CFD, I also think that it's very important to not just disrupt existing areas of simulation, but also get into new areas, emerging areas of simulation like we announced today with the molecular simulation. And that naturally adds to our customer base and expanding opportunities. Now in terms of OpenEye, it will operate as a -- when it closes later, it will operate as an independent business unit. But in general, like we have talked about in the past that we are focused on expanding our go-to-market. And if you look at that on-cloud, there's another way to reach the long tail and expanding customer base. And overall, we have structured our go-to-market to be slightly different in these new areas. That's only natural because it's not just the direct channel, but also the indirect channel and now the cloud and SaaS offerings.
Anirudh Devgan: Yes. Vivek, that's a great point. But as you know, our business is very resilient. And I would say that's probably three main reasons. One is we are critical to our customers' R&D, we’re essential products for the current and future road maps. And then second reason is we are a highly ratable business, as you know, as John explained, so which gives some higher visibility and also traditionally in a historically strong renewal rates. And the third thing I would like to highlight is that we are very diversified, both in terms of geographies and end markets. So I mean we are carefully watching the macroeconomic environment. But overall, I feel we are in a good position to weather whatever uncertainty is in front of us. And the generational trends are intact, right? So like we always talk about the 3 big drivers for our business. One is the semiconductors and the growing need for semiconductors and digitization of all verticals. Second thing is the system companies doing more silicon and our growing relationship with the system company. And then the third big megatrend being our own move beyond EDA into TAM expansion to System Design and Analysis to different kind of simulation and optimization. And that also brings more customers and more diversification. So overall, we feel good about where we are and -- but we are watching the environment very closely.
Anirudh Devgan: Yes. Jay, first of all, thank you for attending the keynotes. That's great. Now in terms of -- like I always say, our strength is in computational software. And I want to highlight computational software, as you know, is not just simulation. Of course, we have big expertise in simulation. But it's also optimization and design. So EDA has a rich history of writing one of the most complicated optimization of design software. I mean, for example, things like place and route and digital implementation are probably the most complex optimization software that's available. And what I'm really excited about use of AI is not just in simulation, but more importantly, in optimization. And you can see that in Cerebrus. Cerebrus, coupled with our digital flow with Innovus, can provide dramatic results. So I think this combination of inside out or simulation-based or science-based, physics-based simulation, whether it is in chip design or system level, combined with outside in AI for optimization, is a huge megatrend, okay? So the simulation plus AI, a combination of analysis plus optimization. And of course, we applied it to chip design with Cerebrus. And then recently, I'm also very excited about Optimality. We have dramatic results because similar technologies can be applied to system simulation. And to your point, Cerebrus and Optimality based on reinforcement learning requires this multi-run kind of optimization, which traditionally EDA hasn't done. So we are very pleased with the progress. I mean there's another area, as you can know, which is like verification, that also requires multi-run. So we will -- we are tying all these things together and applying this kind of multi-run data analytics and AI across our product portfolio. And the benefit of that to our customers is, of course, they can do more with our software. And what I expect is that over time, we should be able to get more and more spend of their R&D to automation with things like Cerebrus, Optimality and overall automation. John, you can comment on the second.
Anirudh Devgan: Charles, that's a good point. First of all, we are very happy, like you said, with the progress in 3D-IC. And I -- and we are glad to work with all the leading foundries, and we have a strong partnership given our position in the market. Now I think this is not any different than traditional EDA, though. I mean, typically, the customer always has a choice to put flows together by multiple tools. But even if you look at traditional EDA, because of advanced node and some design complexity, the integrated solution gives better results. But even our traditional EDA tools can be run as a mixture of other tools if the customer so chooses. So we will allow that flexibility in all our domains, but we always believe that a fully integrated solution like verification products or digital products and same thing with 3D-IC gives the best results, the best PPA. And that's what we are all about. We want to deliver the best PPA productivity to our customers and work with the leading foundries to provide that. So I don't see any different from other areas. But at the same time, the focus on benefit of the full flow is even more critical.
Anirudh Devgan: That's a good point. As you know, we are very diversified and -- across all segments and geographies and also have the great privilege of working with all the leading foundries in the world through the strength of our products. And we are more focused on the design side than the manufacturing side because all our products are used on the design side. But that having been said, as there is more onshoring or investment by several governments now by -- to improve manufacturing, it does require more tool enablement, EDA enablement and IT work at all these foundries. So I think that drives more demand for our products. And we are glad to work with all these partners as we move forward. So at the macro level, we are focused on the design side and our end customers, right, to build their solutions. But any kind of manufacturing-driven uptick in enablement is good for our business.
Anirudh Devgan: Yes. That's a good point. I think we -- our IP business is doing well, just like you saw in our results even, Q2 results. And we always focus on star IP. And we have design IP portfolio, like you mentioned with DDR, PCIe, high-speed SerDes with silicon platform. So right now, we're seeing strength across all those segments, and we are pleased with that. And like I said, design activity is strong, and IP is a key part of the design activity. And so we are happy with the progress. But I would say that the strength is broad based across not only our different product lines, but also different customer segments. And this overall trend in IP also -- I just wanted to say IP also benefits from the trend of outsourcing. As customers focus on their core expertise, as you know, they will outsource IP. So overall, I think it's a good business. And also, our focus on star IP has improved the profitability of our IP business in the last few years, and we are pleased with that trend.
Anirudh Devgan: That's a good question. I mean, first of all, like I said, we believe we are best-in-class competition software, right? That includes simulation and design stimulation optimization. And then when we go into simulation space -- system simulation, we want to do existing areas, which are well-established markets like finite element and CFD, and we have talked a lot about it over the last few years, but also new areas, which are emerging and will be important for the next 10 years. And I can't think of a better emerging area than molecular simulation. And now it has multiple applications to materials and plastics and other things, but one of the exciting applications is, of course, life sciences and biosimulation. And so the thing I like about it is not only is the simulation and should have all the properties, the system simulation like FE and CFD, it has application to a very important vertical, which will have to be more and more digitized over the next 10 years. So it has both those properties, the inherent R&D synergy and properties of simulation, but also in a very important vertical. And same thing -- by the way, it's true for Future Facilities. If you think about it, the reason that like that acquisition and company, it's in a CFD area, which is, again, system simulation, but in a data center vertical, which is a huge thing for sustainability and power consumption. And I don't need to tell you how important cloud and data center is. So both of these acquisitions have inherent strength, which ties to our competition software expertise, but also good and important growing verticals, and they have strong positions in those. Talking about OpenEye, they're used by 19 of the top 20 pharma companies and also a very broad portfolio and leadership in molecular design and simulation and also a very good go-to-market with SaaS. They are a first company in the space to go to SaaS and cloud-native applications. So it has multiple characteristics that we like, and at the same time, having a talented team. And the same thing is true for Future Facilities. So that gives you an idea of we want to go into strong horizontal capabilities in simulation, but also in exciting verticals there.
Anirudh Devgan: Yes. Good question. We are pretty -- it's a busy quarter, right? We have a lot of exciting innovations this time, and all of them is on cloud, and we've been working on it for a while. As you know, we've been doing SaaS and cloud for a while for several years now. But I think the word we see opportunity with on-cloud is combining SaaS with e-commerce. And this is especially true for -- and it was built for the long tail of the market so that the reach can be higher of our go-to-market strategy. Now we are surprised that even some of the big customers want to use it like you saw some of the big customers like Cisco and Bombardier and Amazon Web Services were referenced in our announcement. But the goal is to reach the long tail. And for that reason, the initial set of products are the systems product, our system analysis tools and Fidelity, Clarity, Celsius, PCB with OrCAD and Allegro. So that's the initial focus, and we'll see how that goes because these -- those products traditionally have a much higher number of customers than traditional EDA products. And so therefore, in a cloud and SaaS e-commerce platform is good for these kind of customers. And then we rolled it out to certain geographies, and we'll expand that over time. So, so far, we have a lot of users over there, and we are closely monitoring how it goes. But so far, so good. And just to remind you, we also have the hardware cloud for Palladium and Protium, but the on-cloud focus is mostly for the system products into the long tail. So we are positively surprised by some big customers. Yes.
Anirudh Devgan: Thank you, everyone, for joining us this afternoon. We are excited about our business momentum and the tremendous market opportunities ahead of us. On behalf of our employees and our Board of Directors, we thank our customers, partners and investors for their continued trust and confidence in Cadence. We look forward to speaking with you again on our 2022 earnings call. Thank you, and have a great evening.
