Geoffrey G. Ribar: Thanks, Lip-Bu, and good afternoon, everyone. For Q2, our innovative new products and strong execution contributed to good results in a challenging environment. Total revenue was $453 million, up 9% year-over-year including record hardware revenue. Non-GAAP operating margin was 25%, in line with our expectations. GAAP net income per share was $0.17. Non-GAAP net income per share was $0.29, up 7% over the year-ago quarter. Operating cash flow was $80 million and we repurchased 100 million (sic) [10.0 million] shares of stock for $240 million, which represents over 3% of shares outstanding. Now let's turn to our outlook. There are no changes to our fiscal 2016 outlook for the midpoint for bookings, revenue, operating margin, EPS or cash flows, while we have narrowed the ranges on bookings, revenue and EPS. We expect bookings in a range of $2.02 billion to $2.08 billion, which equates to 8% growth at the midpoint. Revenue in a range of $1.80 billion to $1.83 billion, which would be a 7% growth at the midpoint; non-GAAP operating margins of approximately 26%. GAAP EPS in a range of $0.70 to $0.76 and non-GAAP EPS of $1.17 to $1.23; and operating cash flow in a range of $380 million to $420 million. For Q3, we expect revenue in a range of $440 million to $450 million. Non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 25%, GAAP EPS in a range of $0.17 to $0.19 and non-GAAP EPS in a range of $0.27 to $0.29. Approximately 90% of revenue is expected to come from beginning backlog. You'll find guidance for additional items in the CFO commentary. Finally, note while we are maintaining our full-year revenue guidance, we do not – we do expect revenue to decline from Q2 to Q3 due to timing of certain hardware transactions. We expect Q4 revenue to ramp to a midpoint in the neighborhood of $470 million. So, with that, operator, we'll now take questions.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Yeah, we don't give that kind of detailed guidance on our individual business segment. What we have said is that we expect hardware revenue to be up year-over-year at better margins with, obviously, that driven by the Z1 product.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Yeah. So, we've been buying $240 million a quarter and we bought 10 million shares in Q2, I may have said 100 million. So we bought 10 million shares in Q2. We plan, as always, to complete our buyback and believe we have substantial liquidity to do that.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Yeah, so generally, we always focus on deal quality and maximizing deal quality. We don't focus on contract term and it will vary and it has varied and will to continue to vary from quarter to quarter. Generally, larger companies prefer longer terms; smaller companies prefer smaller terms. We've said for the year, we expect to be at closer to 2.6, which is within our original 2.4 to 2.6 range. So we're kind of in the neighborhood we expected to be when we started the year.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: And as we go through this transition, we are expecting more modest results in the IP business this year.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: And I think just a few data points, our booking range at $2.02 billion to $2.08 billion still has the same midpoint and our revenue range of $1.80 billion to $1.83 billion still has the same midpoint. So, you're seeing no impact in 2016.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Yeah. I think it's just noise or rounding right within the scheme of things. Our bookings that – we've been quite happy with our bookings this year and we haven't changed the midpoint and the range has been tightened. So we're quite happy with what we're seeing.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Yeah, I mean, obviously, we don't guide individual geographic segments of our business anyhow, but you did get parts of our business, both the hardware and IT business, which are more variable parts of our business and how they turned out in North America and Japan is exactly how you describe it. I don't think I have more relevant comments on that.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Without obviously commenting on your specific numbers because we can't do that, Z1 was the majority of sales in Q2 and margins on the Z1 are better than the prior XP, so – and having a record quarter, all good stuff.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: And then so all through the mix, it's down as a proportion of our overall mix; that's because of the strength of a lot of the rest of our businesses. It's actually up (sic) [down] for the first half of the year versus the first half of the year last year. But we do expect more modest results this year versus last year, as we said.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Whenever we guide, we always put everything we know into the guidance that we know at that point in time. When we guided this year, we clearly guided at a midpoint that was lower than our actual achievement last year and that's what we knew at the time. We continue, I think, to execute well and we'll see how it plays out.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Yes. So the timing here isn't about closure. It's just about timing of customer demand and when the customers want the product. And so it will decline, hardware will decline from Q2 to Q3, as we said. I think importantly, we're retaining the full-year guidance, right, and by the way, Q1 and Q2 were record quarters, right, for us in hardware. So some timing between quarters, it's going to rotate. We're retaining the full year and that leads to Q4 at a $470 million midpoint.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Yeah. So it's large customers and these are large deals. As you probably are aware, the price of Z1 is quite large and they're frequently buying more than one system from us. So it's just the timing of when they want the product.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: So, couple of things, you're right. This is largely the investment we're making in innovative products across our product lines. One more thing that's clearly playing in is just the timing of shutdowns this year versus last year. Last year was in Q2. This year, our summer shutdown will be largely in Q3. So, you've seen a little bit of timing impact there. And again, for us to get return on these investments, of course it's proliferation and innovation continuing, so stay tuned.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: I think it's largely the same thing. It's the timing of the shutdown. Last year, it was in Q2; this year, it's in Q3.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: We do make investments in our technical sales organization also, that's an important part of our strategy with our customers.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: So, the biggest delta between GAAP and non-GAAP, we're going to always have three things that are going to be a delta between GAAP and non-GAAP. First is stock compensation; second is amortization of intangibles related to M&A; and third is, we use a standard non-GAAP tax rate while our real tax rates fluctuate. So those are the three things that always makes the difference up.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: So I think our tax rate is at what – yeah, so there's a couple things. Obviously, the Rocketick acquisition, but I think the more prominent thing is the changes in our expectations of a GAAP profitability and therefore the GAAP tax rate.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: And again we think based on all of the market things that we see and all the market studies we see that we are number one and have generally been number one over the past quite a number of years.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, I think – this is Lip-Bu. I think across the board, I think that all product have been – are moving nicely. Just to highlight in the digital front, we continue to get momentum with our market-shaping customers and I highlighted a couple of key like a mil/aero, Northrop Grumman and then Cypress and a few others. And clearly, we continue to drive the advanced node and also with our Ecosystem panel like ARM and also TSMC, Intel Custom Foundry and SMIC across the board. And then on the custom/analog side, in April, we announced the next generation of the Virtuoso platform and in Environment Suite; that consists of Explorer, Assembler, Compliance and really driving a holistic flow and then in term of suite, we can really provide and then for the customer within the platform. And then meanwhile, we really double, triple down on the advanced node, the 10-nanometer, 7-nanometer applications. So I think overall, looks healthy. And then on the IP side, I think we mentioned earlier, we kind of refine our strategy under the leadership of very capable Pieter Vorenkamp and I'm very pleased with what we has done. He's very strong in execution and very strong in term of delivering to customer and he pay a lot of attention to the customer and (17:06) and he's very, very strong in analog RF area and more than 100 patent file or pending patent. So I think he is a very strong technical and he brought in a very strong team come together; so stay tuned.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, it's a good question. This certainly is a very exciting development in our industry. And then ARM is a very strategic partner for us. We're looking forward to continued relationship and then expand from there. And so stay tuned and we're really excited about it.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, first of all, we didn't say that. But I think overall, the IP is a very strategic – very important to us, especially in our whole vision of System Design Enablement, is a very key component of that. And we grew from 0% to over 10% revenue and now the new leadership of Pieter Vorenkamp, since he joined in April, we are delighted and for him to refine the strategy and then reviewing what we have and then make sure that we can really drive the future of sustainable and scalable growth for us. Saying that, clearly we continue to drive success in our IP business. Tensilica, as I mentioned in my script, had the best booking quarter ever, with the completion of a major renewal with a leading semiconductor company. And we also focused on the artificial intelligence, machine learning with our new Tensilica Vision processor and we also have leading virtual reality headset using multiple Tensilica closed wire and that's on the Tensilica side. On the Design IP mentioned earlier, we made significant progress in the 7-nanometer development and we signed our first major 7-nanometer contract. In term of the VIP side, I mentioned that Canon, we signed a comprehensive agreement with Canon including VIP. So overall, I think we continue to drive success in our IP business. I'll give Pieter a little bit time to fine tune his strategy and then when we are ready, we will introduce you our strategy going forward.
Lip-Bu Tan: Sure, Rich. Thanks so much for the question. Clearly, the whole semiconductor consolidation will continue even though it's not the same magnitude as 2015, that over $100 billion consolidation on the semi sector that is relevant to us because they are customer. And we expect this year will be slower, but to be a very active year. And in saying that, I think consolidation, usually the consolidator want to drive efficiency and then drive more productivity and then more synergy going there. As we mentioned earlier, we don't expect any material impact to us in 2016. But in the longer term, there are some opportunity and challenges for us in the next couple of years. So, answer your question, I think clearly the consolidation, it will happen, it will continue. But I think the consolidating company will be stronger and also drive more efficiency and they pay a lot of more attention to productivity. And then from – in term of the pricing point of view, as you know, EDA is a very competitive business, sector-to-sector, product-to-product. From Cadence point of view, we continue to be very disciplined and then drive value. And I think the best way to continue the success is collaborating deeply with our customer and then developing, innovating. I always strongly believe the best product wins. And so, but meanwhile we have to drive value and be disciplined on that. And that's kind of – I will put – I will stop there.
Lip-Bu Tan: I think – let me touch on that. We are in the middle of the comprehensive and thoughtful search. A lot of interest in this position, as you can imagine. We (26:08) and it's a very strong platform that people like to be here and we'd like to know when we have something to tell you. And then meanwhile, Geoff is committed to stay until March 2017.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, good question and thank you for asking. Clearly, our Digital and Signoff flow, as you know, we have Innovus for place-and-route and Genus for synthesis and then Tempus for Signoff, Voltus for Power. And so I think these are all very new product coming up last year; even some of them are later part of last year. So, clearly from engagement from customer, we are delighted with the progress we make with the market-shaping customer. They are the leader in the IP industry. They are a very big important customer for us. And so I think first of all, they start to evaluate our tool and then secondly, put some projects and see whether it works. The next thing is a couple of adoptions and to make sure that is stable and can be count on, on the most advanced node, then they're starting to proliferate across the product group. So we are in the various stage of that proliferation. And you know now it's a baseball season and then clearly in the second and third and fourth inning, this is the most critical period coming up right now is a lot of customer look at the tool, the entire flow cannot correlate for the production and that's why we are in, in this in multiple (30:59). And so stay tuned, we are going to continue to drive that. The main reason from the Q3 – Q2 to Q1 because Q1, we have one important order with a foundry and this is a one-off type and clearly part of the proliferation, you will be continue in Q3, Q4 and the beginning of next year. So I think this is a critical period and we continue to highlight to you some of the success we have. Like Cyprus, we announced a full flow that we are extremely excited about the Northrop Grumman and this is the mil/aero side and then using our full digital flow and then for their future SoC design; this is really, really exciting for us and then we're going to continue over time to tell you some of the success we have. But so far, I'm pleased with the progress we made.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, it's a very good question. And automotive is a very important vertical market we go after in our whole System Design Enablement and this is a very important strategy we have and then we have a very nice complete portfolio beside the digital front, the analog/mixed-signal is critical in some of the application for automotive. We have a lot of success in that. And then the other part is the IP. Tensilica really play very well in the whole ADAS, autopiloting related area and then we have multiple engagement in that. It's very critical in some of the whole machine learning, deep learning and artificial intelligence and application to the whole automotive driving related area and of course on the IP front, we also have our audio. Audio, we have a lot of success in that. And then the other part very important for us is the PCB. Clearly, we just announced our new generation of Allegro and OrCAD and also through our acquisition, Sigrity, that we grew 11% year-to-year. And then clearly that will provide the signal integrity, the power analysis for the automotive applications. So, I think all in all, we have many important. And then the other part is also I think on the verification front, that we also incorporate some of the function safety requirement into the – our tool and offering a solution and that is very welcome by the automotive, either Tier 1 or the direct automotive companies that see a lot of value from Cadence side.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah. I think first of all, let me chip in firstly and then Geoff can address the numbers. I think clearly as I mentioned earlier, we just have a new leader and he is reviewing our business and then refining our strategy. Important is in our first phase is grow from 0% to 10% of our revenue. Now, we're going to be driving some of the metrics that we're looking for in terms of sustainable, scalable, profitable operations. And then clearly, in term of the (35:45), Tensilica is a great opportunity; we're going to double down on that. And then the design IP, clearly we are really focused on the most advanced node 7-nanometer, 10-nanometer and then the VIP continued to drive differentiating verification IP and then together with our Verification Suite to tie in with the customer support on driving the productivity. We see the trend of outsourcing more and more coming to the IP. So we strongly believe the IP strategy is the right one, but it's important to somehow find a way to really sustainable and then driving efficiency. We have more than 1,000 people employees in this area and we're going to really drive to become a profitable center for us also. So I think all in all, we want to really drive, this year maybe moderate growth, but then going forward, will be a stronger growth volume for us.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah. Monika, maybe I will broaden a little bit of your question. Clearly we see a tremendous opportunity in the whole verification and it's the fastest growing challenge for our customer. As you know, whatever they design, they need to be verify and what design is really working. And we have four engines within that verification and we try to really drive, tighten that relationship together. And first of all, we have the JasperGold, this is a function verification, it's a very critical piece of the verification – formal verification and growing at about 20% year-to-year and we are very excited about it. Then we have the Incisive Simulation through our acquisition on the Rocketick and that is a very revolutionary technology with a very massive parallelism multi-call on the standard – the x86-based server and that gives us a tremendous performance into the simulation side and we are doing the integration to make it really, really strong offering to our customer. Then the hardware emulation and not just emulation; right now, we are starting to drive, we are already driving and the simulation side and that we also have the Protium, that is the prototyping and we are really driving some of the next-generation development coming up. So I think all four are going to tie in and drive this whole verification that is where the bottleneck for our system company and also customer and also our semiconductor customer and really can holistically tie in together. And so this is something that we are working on, stay tuned. And then on the Hybrid side, this is the most successful launch of Cadence emulation and then we are going to continue driving the next generation, better throughput and more scalable, in fact it's already quite scalable to 9.2 billion gates and over 2,000 plus concurrent user and we're going to continue driving the excellent in term of scalability and then driving the power down continuously. And so I think we are going to be an important platform and then we're going to also find a lot of new use model and data for simulation and then also tie-in with our prototyping, Protium next-generation coming up are going to be a very compelling verification offering to our customers.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, Sterling. This is Lip-Bu. It's not a turnaround. It's just refining our strategy. And Pieter came from a very strong background on execution, customer satisfaction. And if you recall, he is the Senior VP of Operation Engineering, working very close with the foundry partners to drive the really silicon-proven IP. Basically we are very quickly ramping the revenue on the more than 10% revenue and then right now, we really want to really drive quality, really drive customer satisfaction and then really prioritize what really makes a difference in term of Tensilica, in term of design IP and really find the differentiations and therefore can satisfy the customer. And then it's not subject to some of this one-off type of thing, more not proliferating and then to our leading customer and then helping them to really drive differentiating product. So I think to kind of consider, we highlight those that are differentiating like Tensilica, even in the DIP side, we highlight 7-nanometer process node, signed with the first company to contract, VIP with Canon, more system company, more leading-edge customer. And so we really drive more into the quality of the customer, driving more quality of the product offering IP. And so give Pieter little bit of time; he just completed his visiting with officers and then he fine tuned the strategy present to our team and then to our Board and then stay tuned, he will come out with our strategy going forward.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, good question. And we are very excited about this System Design Enablement strategy that we have and I highlight three of our five largest software contract this quarter, have been with the system companies. And so we continue to drive success here in mil/aero, success in the automotive side and then the mobile and medical-related. So I think all in all, we are excited about this whole and then we have a really good portfolio of product that system happening appreciate that. Now clearly the mixed-signal analog digital, the packaging, the IP portfolio and the whole system analysis and this is really, really welcome from them. In term of the percentage of revenue, sometimes it's very hard to calculate because some of the system company also have the semiconductor and we are growing from the 40% upwards. And so we continue to drive that. And even though with all this consolidation, we are really, really excited about this whole system opportunity for us and we are heavily engaging with some of this vertical and the new vertical that we are embarking on. Earlier that question on automotive, we are really excited about it and I'm very, very big believer in the whole VR, AR, is a tremendous opportunity. We have couple of successes either in PCB or the Tensilica IT front and then there is a whole suite of new changes in the whole hyperscale Web services, the cloud data center, (49:31) to work on the programmable, different workload on the more I/O, more memory-related, that's another opportunity for us. So we are excited about some of this vertical and we are with this customer are really excited about our portfolio that we can offer.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, the whole hardware emulation, we are excited about it. We clearly have a very strong leadership team. They have very strong technical team that I'm very, very pleased with. And Palladium Z1 is the best launch we have, been the more successful one for us. And then also we have more use model, I mentioned earlier, and this is a very scalable platform. And if you do design, hardware emulation, the scalability and accuracy is critical. And so this is something that customer will buy and if that's the best one. And then so I think all in all, we like this. And as you know, Q1 and Q2 is a record quarter for us. And then Q3 a little bit because of timing, but overall as a whole year, is a very strong growth percentage growth for us. We are excited about it and then stay tuned. I mean we're going to be driving not just simulation, we're going to drive simulation and we're going to drive prototyping, whole suite of product and then tie into the whole verification I just talked about providing the total throughput solution to our whole verification suite offerings to our customer. So I think this is something that we believe is a double-digit growth for us and then we love it.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, I think overall we like what we have and in term of the product offering, digital, clearly we drive a lot of innovation, massive parallelism and then the customer love it. Right now, a small proliferation and execution focus. Analog, the custom/analog is the de facto standard for that gate and we don't sit still. We continue to drive the advanced node. We have a whole new suite of new development I mentioned earlier to drive performance and then drive acceptance and then compliance and then in the new suite that we're offering and then we also have a focus on the mixed signal so we can help our customer in terms of mixed signal offering power, low-power offering. And then now we also have the PCB and with the system analysis and then with the IP, with a really focus on the differentiating IP that we're going to offer, I think we have a very good portfolio and a lot of customer really, really impressed what we come out with. Stay tuned, we'll continue that culture of innovation, it don't stop here and we're going to double down and triple down on that. And I strongly believe the best product win. Our job is basically providing the best tool for our customer to design and increase the productivity and the time to market and that's our job.
Lip-Bu Tan: In closing, we are continuing to innovate and deliver design, enabling the solutions to our customers and we're looking forward to continuing to execute on our strategy and create value for our shareholders. So I want to thank all our hardworking employees, worldwide and shareholders, customers and partners for their continued support that make this possible. Thank you all for joining us this afternoon. Thank you.
