Geoffrey G. Ribar: Yes, I think what we're willing to say, Jay, is that the issues that we highlighted and raised, generally the duration expanded a little bit slightly. Tensilica was a big part of it and then the addition of Cosmic and Evatronix. We don't -- we're not going to break out the numbers, but each of them contributed. And we're quite happy with the strength in Tensilica's bookings.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Yes, so hardware verification was actually up from quarter-to-quarter. Several things going into COGS. Obviously, the gross margin impacts us. Inventory reserves, et cetera, impact us. And we won't discuss that in detail, but the hardware business was actually up quarter-over-quarter, and we were quite happy with that.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Yes, so our Japan business did decline, as you look at the supplemental schedules. And that's clear. I mean, obviously, the Japanese semiconductor business and overall Japanese environment is challenging. Certainly, there are some impact from exchange rates that are also impacting us. And then, yes, we saw that in Q2, and we expect that to potentially continue into Q3 and Q4.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: So our revenue actually, if you look at the supplemental schedules, you'll be able to see that it was about -- down about $8 million from Q1 to Q2. Largely that was one of our larger customers in Japan reduced their overall EDA spend, and one of our competitors gained some share there. We also are impacted, obviously, by more complex things like the yen and the foreign exchange rates and the overall semiconductor business. Again, we continue to do good business with that customer. It's just that overall, as they've restructured, we've lost a little bit of market share there. We expect that trend to continue into Q3 and Q4 in Japan.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Yes, so obviously, Sterling, you saw that we took the bookings guidance up, right, as we continue to do quite well from a bookings perspective. Obviously, some of that's going to be bigger customers, and bigger customers generally want a little bit longer duration. And I think that's probably the overwhelming reason why the duration is at the high end of the range. Again, for us, it's within the noise level. But it is something that we did want to point out.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Yes, it does, right. As you noticed, the bookings went up but the revenue didn't go up. And that's largely for a couple of reasons: the duration going little bit longer, the addition of strong performance out of Tensilica, in addition to the Cosmic and Evatronix, which don't immediately impact revenue but will impact revenue over time. So we like that trend.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Very little. As you know, we work very hard to match cash flow with revenue recognition. And we don't try to collect cash upfront. So there's very little impact on the cash flow from the increase in duration.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Sure. So the 2 big chunks are in M&A. The first is the addition of Cosmic and Evatronix, and they're operating expenses, right? They are -- as we said, they are slightly dilutive for the year of about $0.01. That's all expenses, right? So that's the first part. The second part is largely M&A-related expenses that flow through operating cash, like fees, like transaction costs, those types of things. Those don't flow per GAAP through investments They're through operating cash. And that's the vast majority of the $25 million reduction in cash flow.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: And I'll give you just a couple of quick numbers. Again, as we said last quarter and this quarter, Tensilica is about $27 million of revenue for this year, right? And that's after merger accounting, right? And it includes the fact that we didn't acquire them for the full year. Cosmic and the Evatronix IP business is essentially minimal for this year as we go through merger accounting and then get them on U.S. GAAP.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Sure, run rate is a surrogate for revenue, and what happens is when we say the -- when we get -- close out an old contract and start a new contract, when the revenue projection or the run rate number actually goes up, that implies that we're getting a better contract or more revenue out of that contract on a going forward basis. And that was a point of that. So again, that focuses on continuing working on deal quality, continuing expansion in the number of engineers, continuing expansion of market share of some of these customers.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Yes, so Cosmic and the Evatronix IP business are both largely done and completion, right, of a transaction. So we don't get revenue along the way. So even though we get bookings from them, it's largely out of completion that we can recognize revenue. And so that's over time. We also have done better with Tensilica. A portion of that was a contract extension for a large customer. And so that would, obviously, have revenue in the future. And then the duration going up is largely the impact. There's not a particular impact besides what we already talked about in Japan that's affecting revenue elsewhere.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Obviously, we can't comment on the double-digits, but we guided this year as being down from last year after a couple of very strong years in a row. We're still with that guidance that it will be down for this year over the past 2 strong years.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Yes, we generally talk about bookings on a yearly basis and don't talk about seasonal periods anymore. I think some of our competitors who have a different business model sometimes talk about that. But we really just talk about the year. And I think if you look from Q1 to Q2 and then with the guidance that we've given here each time we break the booking guidance for year, and I think that's where we're comfortable with.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: We're not guiding 2014 yet, Krish, but again we do believe overall for the whole industry that this is clearly a sector of growing business over the foreseeable future. Again, for us we'll guide 2014 when we do our Q4 earnings call in January.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: And I think over a period of time, Jay, we have been creative and experiment with business models. We're not specifically commenting in that specific comment there, but we do an experiment and we do, do things. As far as emulation business, we are at or slightly ahead of our plan when we guided down for the year. So the business has been good. We still stand by the communication we did on earlier on the cumulative growth over a period of time. We're quite happy with how the emulation business has gone, basically as per plan.
Lip-Bu Tan: May be I can add to that, Jay. I think that Palladium hardware is a strong quarter for us. We are competitive in Ricoh and Mitsubishi Electric, and significantly increased our capacity growth in mobile and system customers. And overall, we are the leader in the hardware emulation, and we expect that emulation revenue will be off this year from the peak last year. So I think pretty much consistent to our expectation.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I think on the Japan side, just to add on a little bit, I just came back from Japan. Overall, I think it will continue to be challenging this year, but they are taking a lot of step in the restructuring. And then some of the system companies continue to be very strong. So overall, I'm cautiously optimistic.
Lip-Bu Tan: Sure, Jay. That's a good question. So let me just talk about this whole FinFET. Clearly, we are talking quite closely with a couple of customer and panels like ARM, IBM, Samsung, GLOBALFOUNDRIES, TSMC. These are whole 16-nanometers, 14-nanometer FinFET. We're doing a couple of test chips, and we're working very deeply with our IP partner and our foundry partners. And overall, it's going to be challenging. I think the production at best from my personal view is sometime next year, second half. And so I think the revenue growth and the potential I think is going to be small but over time become very important. And then also, I think some of the customers are pushing the envelope. Some of the customers I think do also look at the volume and now in the 20-nanometer. And so clearly, our Encounter, our Virtuoso, our signoff new tool, fully qualify that foundry at 20-nanometer. So some of the customers are engaging in the 20-nanometer such as the test chip we have with ARM, TSMC, Samsung and ST. So overall, I think our tools are ready for both 14, 16 FinFET or the 20-nanometer. I think in terms of the part of the FinFET, in terms of volume production, there are still some challenges. And I want to be more conservative. Sometime next year, we may see some volume production, but I think realistically, you're really looking at 2016 for some meaningful contribution. Back to your question on the tool side, most important, we get ourselves ready, and at most we're now able to scale to those requirement. And the good news is all these challenging complex design in FinFET, advanced nodes, a lot of customers lean on us a lot more so that EDA industry, the development, the design tool to enable them is critical for them. So that should be a plus for the industry.
Lip-Bu Tan: Sure. So I think this is a good question, Gus. So a couple of things I just want to highlight and note. The Tempus is our internally developed tool. This is a very exciting tool for us because it's clearly a new and exciting timing and it's 10x -- up to 10x the performance compared to the traditional timing. And so this is a very breakthrough technology that we are excited about. And it's very scalable. You can scale all the way to 100 CPUs. And so this is very exciting, as I mentioned in my script. And we are in the very early stage of engaging with the customer at the beta. So far, the response from our customer are very excited and overwhelming. So it's too early to tell about the revenue projections, but stay tuned and we over time will progress and update you. But I just want to make it clear, this is in a beta situation. But it's very scalable, and we don't compromise on accuracy. And it's really driving a 10x performance improvement, and that is very significant.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I think Japan is, as I mentioned, is generally challenging because they're going through quite a transformation. And some of the Japan companies are going through a challenging time. They cut back some of their EDA spend. And then meanwhile, the system companies continue to do well in Japan, and we are very optimistic about that. And then meanwhile, some of the Japanese companies right now are going to restructuring and improving their situation. We are, as a trusted partner, we continue to work closely with them and then work with them on their recovery. And then our job is to get them the best tools, the best IP, the quality IP, to enable them to be successful during that downturn. That's what a partner is for. So it is something that we are cautiously optimistic, and then hopefully next year will be better for them. We continue to work deeply with them.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I think, Mahesh, first of all, I think we don't break down on the IP in the revenue. But I think through these couple of acquisitions, I think we clearly have the critical mass in terms of our broad IP portfolio to support our customers. As you recall, we have a very strong leading in the verification IP. And then these 3 acquisition -- 4 actually, but Evatronix IP and our [indiscernible] IP, is really tied to strengthen our design IP portfolio. I think we have a lot to integrate, a lot to optimize and then providing a really good silicon-proven quality portfolio. So I think overall, we are very optimistic. And the response from our customer is very, very positive. They really like our portfolio. We are heavily engaging, and then they're clearly -- the Tensilica, we have a very strong quarter. And we have a lot of engagement with our customer. Cosmic Circuits, Evatronix just completed. We're already able to demonstrate in terms of a big design IP win, the contract that I referred to. And so all in all, I think we're continuing to do well, focus on integration, focus on driving efficiency, engaging heavily with our customer. And then meanwhile, we continue to look out for the right acquisition in terms of its fit into our portfolio that can strengthen our team and the talents and continue to drive the footprint. So all in all, we are happy with what we have and very focused on execution and drive quality and drive customer engagement.
Lip-Bu Tan: Sure. A couple of things that I just highlighted. One is they deploy our Virtuoso for their advanced nodes, including the 16-nanometer FinFET design. That is very significant. And then secondly, TSMC also will create and deliver native SKU-based PDK, and that is also a very significant achievement from our side and then partnering with them in a very deep fashion so that they can provide the user the experience, the level of accuracy. And also I mentioned about our exciting improvement on the Virtuoso in terms of electrically-aware design. And that gave our very strong feedback, improved the integration, the cycle time, more than 30%. So we continue taking the leadership even further on the automation of Virtuoso. And then the TSMC, their support is critical for our customer's success.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I think Rich, that is a good question. I highlight that because 1 year ago, we acquired Sigrity. It's a very good acquisition for us that provided the power, signal, integrity and thermal analysis. That gave us -- our customer really like that. That is very important for them. And a very early design to be able to identify some of the issue in power and so many -- integrity. And that's helped tremendously our PCB offering, making it more complete. And that's why you see a big jump on that, 30%. And then the other part is because of some of this feature and performance and analysis is very critical for the high-speed design, especially in the high-end mobile, consumer-related, and also some of the infrastructure segment. That's why they drive the growth. And this is just a result for this quarter. We don't indicate in the future how it's going to look like. But we are cautiously optimistic, and we are very encouraged by the vertical market that's driving, and we see the value of the acquisitions.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I think, Rich, now first of all, clearly the Palladium XP continues to do well. We are continuing to be the leader in this space. And clearly, it's a strong quarter for us. We have significant capacity growth in the mobile end system. Overall, we continue to do well on that. Like any business, we always focus on the R&D development for the next generation. And then the moment in time that the product is ready to announce, and we will announce that.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I think it's very hard to get those data, but I think so far, we see from the customer pattern anything that are in the advanced node, complex design and then more and more system companies driving some of this hardware emulation because earlier that identified the box, you have the time-to-market. And also the complexity verification becomes more and more important. So I think we'll continue to see the continuing interest from our customer to deploy and scale massively. And so I think we see our growth business, continue growing business. And then meanwhile, we will continue to really serve the customer well and provide the capacity that they need and the performance they need and then continue to serve them and support them in an effective way. So it's a good quarter for us, and we are cautiously optimistic. But always -- the hardware business is always more challenging and hard to predict. We just want to make sure that we continue to provide the value to our customer. That I think is a key thing for us as a discipline.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. Now first of all, I think FinFET, as I mentioned, is not as easy and it's challenging. And then we are -- a lot of -- a couple of key leading customers and our foundry partners, we work very close with them. And we have a couple of test chips and I'm especially naming ARM and TSMC, Samsung. We are heavily working with them, GLOBALFOUNDRIES, and then in time we'll get test chip working. And then production in a very cost-effective and economically way for our customer, that is still out there and still need challenges to work. So in that, clearly, customers need us to really design around that and then also drive some of the efficiency that they need. And that's why you see a tremendous growth from the EDA players because customers need us to help them. That's why the collaboration, the partnership, work closely with the customer, is critical for our success. And in the last few years, we have been very focused on that, and then deliver the value, the solutions they need to design the complex chip, either it's an advanced node, 20-nanometer or FinFET, 14, 16 or beyond. And I think we just are more and more needed for our service.
Lip-Bu Tan: Okay, so let me try to answer the first question, and then Geoff will answer on the second question. So I think the first question, I'm not quite aware of this Samsung license and usage things. But more important for us is that we focus on providing the value. And Samsung is a very important partner and customer for us in the foundry and also their business side. We're heavily engaging with them, providing the best value and the tool and IPs with them. And so this thing that you've just described, I'm not up to date on that. So we will look into it and see if there are any changes so far. We're working with a test chip with them. There's no changes as far as I know. I just came back from Korea a few days ago. We don't see any changes. The engagement level have been increasing. And so we are happy with that arrangement, and we'll continue to drive value to them and help them to be successful.
Lip-Bu Tan: Sure. I will try to answer your questions. So I think if I hear it correctly, you have 2 questions, one is automotive and then the second one with imaging, the video-related area. So clearly, as I mentioned in the past, application-driven design is really growing. And also the mixed-signal application are growing. And we are paying a lot of attention to the vertical market. Automotive is one of the targets that we also focus on. Clearly, automotive has also moved into a lot of connectivity and infotainment-related area. And a couple of our customers, key customers, have been supporting that, and especially in the mix signal related area, sensor-related area. And so some of our key customers without naming the name, we are very deep -- the primarily EDA vendors to them. And so clearly, we are heavily engaging in this automotive connectivity and infotainment audio-video related. Specifically, on the imaging and audio-related, video-related, this is very important. Clearly, the display and anything related to the display sensor and also some of the -- beautiful, all that related display we're heavily engaging with that with some of the customer. Video is something that I'm personally very passionate about in terms of video compressions, video -- high quality video on the consumer video surveillance and then all the way to the video applications to sports. And then all these are heavily -- Cadence are very well positioned for addressing that. This is going to be even more moving to the Internet of Things, writables [ph], the cloud, the big data related area application. We're very well positioned to support our customer to reach out to get this huge opportunity in the 50 billion units and above in this massive, massive big data analytics I think are going to be huge for the industry. We are very well positioned to capture them.
Lip-Bu Tan: In closing, Cadence continues to deliver great technology to our customers, and our business result reflects this. Our IP business has developed critical mass, and we expect to be a strong contributor for future growth and profitability. We've made great progress over the past several years by investing in improving our products and technology, customer relationships, ecosystem alliances and financial performance. While the macro environment remain uncertain, with some customer continuing to face challenges, Cadence is well positioned to execute and be successful. Thank you, everyone, for joining us this afternoon.
