John Wall: At this point, we're not giving any guidance for 2018. Everything that we know was in our guidance for Q4.
John Wall: And Farhan, this is John here. I'll just remind you that last year was a record year for functional verification.
John Wall: Yes, we're happy with the performance of our hardware business. The pipeline looks good, and we have a disciplined approach to converting that pipeline to revenue. The secular trend in demand for hardware capacity remains intact. But as Lip-Bu said earlier that with hardware, there may be some lumpiness to quarterly results.
John Wall: Yes, thanks, Lip-Bu. And Jay, I would just add there to the commentary that Lip-Bu gave you that if you're looking at our AOR and our DSOs that it will give you a misleading view of customer concentration because our AORs, our DSOs are normally really good. But -- and we'll contain all of our customer base. But as Lip-Bu said, it's the top customers, like 5% to 6%, and that top 25 customers of Cadence, top 40 customers of Cadence make up about 25% of our revenue. And looking at 606, comparing systems versus semi, how it applies to systems versus semi customers, our software licenses -- because our software licenses are used in an industry in which technologies change rapidly, we're required for most of our arrangements to take revenue over time. That's not going to change going forward. Like you said, we expect to -- our revenue, over time, mix to remain at approximately 90%. I wouldn't expect that to differ based on whether the customer is a systems customer or a semi customer.
John Wall: Jay, what I would say to that is that -- I mean like we always said, we have a disciplined and value-driven approach to pricing on our hardware business. Our margins for Q3 were better than they were in the first half, so I wouldn't read too much into lower cost of goods sold. I'd like to say we're happy with the performance of our business. The pipeline looks good. That disciplined approach is helping us convert that pipeline to revenue. The secular trend in demand for hardware capacity remains intact. And although there may be some lumpiness in the quarterly results from time to time, like I said, we're happy with the business. It's just that, like I say, I'll remind you that we're comparing against a record year last year.
John Wall: I wouldn't read too much into it, generally. But at Cadence, we try to match revenue timing with cash flows and with the -- generally, the economic value transferred to customers. But -- so deferred revenue from -- in any 1 quarter is just a reflection of our timing of billings.
John Wall: Monika, this is John. On the Q2 earnings call, we've said that we expected hardware to be a little stronger for the second half. And as you know, we've also said many times that the hardware business is inherently lumpy in nature. And at times, visibility can be challenging. We believe Z1 remains the most advanced emulator in the market. And in Q3, some large customers, including Marvell, expanded their Z1 capacity. We're happy with how our hardware business is currently positioned. And to reiterate, our overall business did great in Q3, with software and IP being particularly strong, and we've increased the outlook for the year.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, Krish, thank you for the questions. And this is a very important question. And then first of all, as you know, right now, with all the edge computing and all the big data analytics and storage and memory become more and more critical because of the latency and the local access, it's very critical. So to me, more and more become memory-centric designs for a lot of data center and edge computing. So memory become very important to us. And that's why I think we mentioned about an Asian big memory company adopting some of our key IPs beside the tools. And so we put a lot or more effort into the memory storage side because of this major trend that I see. In my remarks I mentioned about edge computing, the IoT and this autonomous driving, and that become critical. And so we have a lot to offer beside our DDR, the memory and other PCIe, so other key IP, and also the Tensilica become -- playing a very important role. And then the other part is also some of this -- our mixed-signal solution become critical to some of these memory players and the storage player. And there, we are excited about. And in fact, we announced Legato Memory Solution, that is the first integrated memory design and verification solution, it's to addressing what you describe the opportunity for us.
Lip-Bu Tan: So your question is how many percent of our revenue is system? And roughly about 40%-plus, and we don't have -- it's difficult to break down because some companies, they have the silicon, they also have the system and how to divide it. But I think the overall trend, as I mentioned earlier, beside the EDA, we are moving towards the system design enablement. And we target a couple of verticals that are very important to our future growth. And that's a huge opportunity for us, like automotive and ADAS-related application, same thing with the cloud data center and that are very exciting. And then the other part is this whole industrial IoT. And back to our question about storage and latency issue, and that, to me, is a very huge opportunity for us to pursue in some of these verticals growing and a much bigger TAM market for us.
Lip-Bu Tan: And for the ADAS, there are some companies that are providing the system. And in fact, in our last earnings call, we mentioned about ADAS system company using our PCIE Gen 4 IP on the new advanced 7-nanometer process. And so that's just one example of working with a system company, Tier one or OEM. And then the other part is very important to us, it's some of the semiconductor player. And we mentioned about the top 5 semiconductor companies in automotive. And automotive semiconductor companies are using our Cadence IP, and many of them are also using our mixed-signal design flow. And then some part of this automotive lidar application, they are using our Tensilica engine. For example, ROHM, last quarter, we've highlighted that. So I think all in all, you can slowly fully tracking us, how successful we are in some of these verticals we are going after and -- because of the trend changing, and this is exciting for us in terms of growing opportunity when we're pursuing our system design enablement strategy.
Lip-Bu Tan: So I think in terms of the EDA pricing, clearly, it's a competitive market, various -- from sector to sector and product to product. But clearly, we are very disciplined and value-driven. And I strongly believe in driving value by working closely with the customer, collaborating with the customer, and then deep partnership with our ecosystems. And then we raise price every 2 years, and very disciplined across all the product lines. So because chip is getting more and more complex, and then a lot of more design challenges and complexity. And that's why our tool shine because we want to really drive the technology leadership. In fact, last, in our -- since 2014, mid-2014 up to now, we have 25 organically developed new products. And customers love it because those new products are really disruptive and then help them to design very complex chip and simulate, verify quicker so that they can go to customer quicker. And so I think all our investment right now is starting to show the result now. You go look at digital, we're growing at 15%. And custom analog, even though we have a big market shares and we grew 12%; and then IP, we are growing at 14%. So all the investment we make in the most advanced nodes, the most competitive, rewrite some of our tools now the consumer really adopting and proliferating across all engineering organizations. So we are very pleased with that.
Lip-Bu Tan: I think, first of all, China is a very fast-growing opportunity for us, and we are very well positioned in China. And as you all know, the China government is very committed to building their domestic semiconductor industry with a very, very heavy investment. And we are really well positioned there in terms of tool and IPs, and we work with all the leading customers. And I go there every month because it's critical next to U.S. And then China become a very big platform and opportunity. And then if you look at the global semiconductor growth, maybe a single-digit growth, but China is growing at 20-plus percent, with a lot of funding available. So I think, clearly, it's an exciting space, and we are doing well, and we continue to position and committed to that region.
Lip-Bu Tan: So I think on the verification side, we have this verification suite that consists of Jasper, for formal verification. And then the simulation, previously we had the Incisive, but we bought both Rocketick, and we completely rewrite the tool. And right now, we have Xcelium. This is a new tool where, I'll just highlight, we have more than 15 customers this quarter. And then we have a total of 50, 5-0, adopting and using our Xcelium. And we're excited about this new tool. And then on the Z1, Palladium is the most advanced emulator, and we continue -- we are very comfortable with the business, we are happy and are comfortable with that. And we highlight Marvell, adopting for audio engineering design projects. And then last quarter, we highlight HiSilicon, expanding their capacity. So it's a lumpy business but somehow we really like -- continue to be the best in the marketplace. And the other part is we're quietly building up the Protium is the FPGA-based prototyping. And that is using the same compiler so that we can be -- the customer can be scaling from the prototyping to our massive Palladium Z1, and they can really seamlessly work together. So we are kind of really focused on the verification suite with a couple of new products. Just like what we did in our digital a couple of years ago, we're going to continue driving the innovation. Some of these new products, customer love it. And we're going to continue engaging with them. And stay tuned, over time, you will see excellent performance from them.
Lip-Bu Tan: And overall, I think that we are very proud that the Q3 results and, clearly, our software that is recurring, doing very well, our IP, the refined strategy is working, and we are very confident -- and this quarter, year-to-year, I think we have 14% growth. We are confident we will exceed the 10% goal we set for the growth for this year.
Lip-Bu Tan: So I think overall, our IP refined strategy is really focused on the vertical market we try to go after and then, secondly, the most advanced process nodes and also the top tier customer that we are focusing on and making more standard off-the-shelf IP. Saying that, we also are quietly building up the star IP. Tensilica is one of the key star IPs. And because of their programmability and their low power and then very scalable, and it's very suitable for the IoT and machine learning for that edge computing. So that is something that, clearly, on the infant side of the -- that's where we are focusing, there's a lot of knowledge to be applied. And in fact, internally, our EDA tool, we're using the machine learning to apply to our tool to optimize the inference, we can draw the experience and be quicker to accelerate and come to a closure for that. So I think overall, the Tensilica is a good engine, it's a DSP engine, but how we're going to be on top of it in terms of the compiler, the kernel, the software, to optimize that, can work with other industry standard and players in the application layer. So I think clearly, there's a huge opportunity, especially in this whole machine learning, deep learning in a very broad sense, applying to very different vertical markets. And then meanwhile, we're also applying to our own tool and using that to really shine the product performance in the customer level.
Lip-Bu Tan: Clearly, we're mindful of this customer consolidation. So far, nothing material right now. We successfully managed through all these consolidation with very minimal impact in the revenue for 2017. And clearly, we are growing the business, and complexity of design is increasing. And then all this consolidation, actually, we're managing it well, and we continue to grow the business. And as I mentioned in the previous question, we have no customer more than 5%, 6% of our revenue, and so it's very broad. And now with the system in automotive and in the data center, edge computing and IoT, we are adding on new customers, and I think expanding some of the new customer, and they are also doing acquisitions.  So along the way, I think we -- so far, knock on wood, we continue to do well, and we love to have great customer growing with us. And meanwhile, we are growing also. So in a way, the percentage is not depending on 1 or 2 customers. And so in a way, it's a more healthy portfolio we have.
Lip-Bu Tan: So first of all, Monika, thank you for the questions. So first of all, Siemens is a very great company and their revenue is over $100 billion, a lot of respect for them and in their management team. And so Mentor remains to be competitive under the Siemens leadership. We continue to have a lot of respect, and we're monitoring very closely in terms of their product line and the hardware emulation that we heard about. But so far, we -- a lot of respect, looking forward to see what they have.
Lip-Bu Tan: In fact, that's what I highlight in our remarks. And we are very excited about all these emerging technology trends, just mentioned a few. I think the machine learning, deep learning, I think we are just seeing the beginning of it. The big companies doubled down in some of these machine learning, deep learning development. There's also a whole suite of new startups and that -- we see them almost every other day. And the new startups, they are exploring some of these new architecture compiler, the linear scaling of some of the silicon, and we are excited to support them in terms of tool, IPs, to provide them for their success. So the big and small companies are really addressing that. Same thing with the autonomous driving. A lot of sensor companies, from camera to right now, the lidar, and really driving some of the scale in terms of refraction on the lidar improvement. And also the range, the 200-meter and beyond, so that move towards the level 4, level 5. I'm looking forward to the day I don't have to drive my car and it would drive by itself. So I think those are really exciting, and there's a lot of development in terms of big companies doing that. And then some startups are doing that, and we are very well positioned to make sure that they use our Cadence flow to do that. And then the other thing of this whole machine learning, deep learning, also apply into this IoT and also for very low power and then driving some of this edge computing beyond the cloud. The cloud, they are doing great. And now they also have this meter and the gateway, they are more intelligent. There's a lot of companies that are pursuing that, and we are delighted and well positioned to have them use our tool and IP to win that. And so all in all, I think those are really exciting. That ties in very well with our system design enablement strategy that we kind of, over the years, have been building and refining. And right now, we can really capture the market, and that's why you see the growth that we have in our tools and IP, we're excited about that.
Lip-Bu Tan: I think a little bit too early. And also, we haven't spent time on looking at that. We are so busy on engaging with our customer and to make sure that they get the tool optimized for their design. And also, we haven't really quantified it. But I think when we have plenty of time, we will definitely look into it. But so far, the opportunities are really exciting. We are extremely busy to work with them.
Lip-Bu Tan: In closing, through innovation and execution, we are well positioned to build on the success of our system design enablement strategy to further proliferating our solution with a broader base of customers. I would like to thank all our shareholders, customer and partners, Board of Directors, and my dear executive team and hard-working employees for their continued support. Thank you all for joining us this afternoon.
