Geoffrey G. Ribar: Thanks, Lip-Bu, and good afternoon, everyone. 2016 was a great year for Cadence all-around. We delivered strong innovation, customer successes, execution, and robust financial results. Overall, we are in a good position as we start 2017. Key results for Q4 and 2016 were: total revenue of $469 million for the quarter and $1.816 billion for the year. Non-GAAP operating margin was 27% for the quarter and 26% for the year. GAAP net income per share was $0.14 for the quarter and $0.70 for the year. Non-GAAP net income per share was $0.34 for the quarter and $1.21 for the year. Operating cash flow was $197 million for Q4 and $445 million for the year. Stronger than expected collections in Q4 drove the operating cash flow upside. Also note that bookings were $2.057 billion for 2016. Weighted average contract life was 2.6 years for both Q4 and 2016. The recurring bookings and revenue mix was approximately 90% for 2016. DSO at the end of the year was 33 days, down one day from Q3. Primarily due to the end-of-life of Palladium XP, we recorded an inventory charge of $13 million for Q4, following a charge of $5 million in Q3. As part of our ongoing efforts to operating efficiently and effectively and optimally allocate resources, we undertook a restructuring in Q4, which resulted in a charge of $26 million. This included the cost of the voluntary retirement program that we announced on our last earnings call. Earlier this week, Cadence entered into a new five-year $350 million senior unsecured revolving credit facility with a group of lenders. This credit facility replaces the $250 million facility originally entered into in December 2012. We also completed our $1.2 billion stock repurchase program in Q4 with the purchase of 9.3 million shares of stock for $240 million. Over the course of the program, we repurchased a total of 51.9 million shares, about 18% of shares outstanding at the start of the program. Also this week, the Cadence board of directors renewed its commitment to optimizing capital allocation and shareholder value by authorizing the repurchase of $525 million of Cadence stock. The actual timing and amount of repurchases will be subject to business and market conditions, corporate and regulatory requirements, acquisition opportunities and the other factors. Now let's turn to our outlook. For fiscal 2017, we expect revenue in the range of $1.9 billion to $1.95 billion, which would be 6% growth at the midpoint; non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 27%; GAAP EPS in the range of $0.89 to $0.99; non-GAAP EPS of $1.32 to $1.42, and operating cash flow in the range of $430 million to $470 million. And for Q1, we expect revenue in the range of $470 million to $480 million; non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 25%; GAAP EPS in the range of $0.19 to $0.21, and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.30 to $0.32. Approximately 90% of revenue is expected to come from beginning backlog. You'll find guidance for additional items in the CFO Commentary. I want to add a few additional comments on outlook. Bookings for 2017 are expected to exceed $2 billion with a weighted average contract life of 2.4 years to 2.6 years. Going forward, we do not intend to comment on bookings or weighted average contract life. We introduced bookings guidance in the early days of the license model transition, but the model has now been mature for several years. Retaining flexibility over the timing of bookings will facilitate our goal of driving consistent, scalable revenue growth within the context of stable revenue recognition model, while preserving the quality of bookings. I also want to remind you, as in the past that the hardware and IP have become a larger portion of our business. There may be more variation in quarter-to-quarter results. I want to conclude by talking about my own plans. As you know by now, I'm extending my retirement date until March 31, 2018. Cadence is very important to me and I decided that I wanted to continue to partner with Lip-Bu for another year as we drive the company forward towards our goals. So with that, Shannon, we'll now take questions.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: So a little bit of color. We don't guide specific questions, but a little bit of color perhaps. We do expect good growth across our core software business, especially in digital and signoff. We expect IP to rebound and have at least 10% growth. And we expect another strong year for our hardware, but wanted you to recognize we're coming off a phenomenal year with record revenue, meaning that the year-over-year comps may be difficult in hardware.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Yes. So I'll start. We do expect to retain a recurring revenue treatment. We're currently working through the details of the new standard with our advisors to determine how we will implement it and what impact, if any, it'll have. There's still a lot of work to do. So stay tuned.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: And just a little bit, Mitch, on the numbers. The systems business is approximately 40% of our business. It has expanded our TAM and it's growing nicely.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Yeah, Krish, it's really de minimis, had minimum impact on the revenue from consolidation. And, again, I think there's also opportunities that come from consolidation to us that are harder to track for 2017, right? It's de minimis for 2017.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: I think it's kind of hard. I think what we've generally said is both of these businesses are growing because of a secular trend, which is benefiting the whole industry and certainly, as you saw, we had a record year last year in hardware, particularly driven by the Z1.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: So glad you noticed that our operating margin improved by 100 basis points. I think it's less that we're continuing to make investment. But I think we're seeing the results of investment show up with extremely strong digital growth last year and particularly in Q4 and we expect that growth to continue into the next year, plus the results from all the rest of our businesses rolling in.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Yeah. So on the reserves, yes, we took a $13 million charge in Q4 for XP, not just XP II, but XP, right, as we're reaching the end-of-life for that product. That was on top of the $5 million in Q3. And so, that was the major thing. We're not breaking out hardware beyond that in Q4. But as we said, hardware was a record year last year, mostly driven by Z1.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Yeah, so our strategic priority, Rich, remains to develop innovative products and to drive customer value, customer success. And so that remains our concentration. But as you noted, we started guiding 2015 at 25%, 2016 at 26% and this year at 27%. So we are seeing the impact of those investments working out. So I think that's the positive, but we're not guiding – we're concentrating on strategic priority, which is innovative products.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Yeah. If we happen to sell stuff, it would be largely at zero cost. We also have maintenance requirements going forward on XPs (49:53) that are out in the field. So that will also consume some inventory. So, yeah, if we're selling at zero COGS, as you know, the SEC requires you to disclose how much is sold at zero COGS. So we'll let you know.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Yeah. So a couple things always happen in the latter half of the year for us, Q3 and in Q4. First is, the Social Security goes down and frequently to zero as people go over the Social Security cap. Second is the vacation time goes up in the second half of the year, both in Q3 for the summer and in Q4 for the holidays. So those two obviously are the biggest drivers and you should expect some snapback in R&D in Q1 as a result.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah. Farhan, I think your question is the growth on the Functional Verification and the Digital side. So overall, I think, I will give you the high level and then Geoff can provide you more detail. So far in term of our verification side, we are doing well and this is the fastest-growing for our customers and our Verification Suite, that as I mentioned in my script, and now (24:26) we have Incisive in simulation, JasperGold for formal verification, Palladium for emulation and then Protium for FPGA. And just let me address one by one. And then, first of all, I think that JasperGold, as I mentioned, we have a record revenue in 2016. This is a segment leader and is very well received by the customer. And then, our simulation Incisive right now with Rocketick integration has done very well and the key customer in the early adopter engagement have been very, very positive. They see tremendous simulation speed up with the multicore parallel simulation. So I think stay tuned. I think that one we should do very, very well. And then hardware, we have the record in our first full year in the market. And then, we mentioned couple of – 29 new logos. 11 are system company and we mentioned couple of leading semiconductor companies, including Cavium, Innovium. And, so I think overall we are very excited about this whole Verification Suite that we provide and it's really, really critical for our customers. So we are excited about it. On the digital front, I think we are doing really well. And I mentioned to you, we are really focused on the top 20 customers and that received more than 20% growth in these customers. And overall, our signoff and digital are growing at 9% for the year and we expect additional proliferation in 2017. And then we mentioned, about 16 out of top 20 semiconductor already embrace and adopt Innovus and then four of top five mobile chip designer and then they are using us and also we are very proud in our performance on the large GPU design. And then we also highlighted Qualcomm enter a very important agreement with us in an expanded commitment to Cadence. So I think overall, the digital we are in (26:35) all the investment we make and now we are starting to see the pay off and the proliferation will accelerate in 2017.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah. We are excited about this whole AR/VR. I mentioned a couple of areas that we are double, triple down on it (27:37). Clearly, we know the AR/VR is a very important area and then clearly the machine learning is very, very important. And then those actually, the Tensilica and couple of our tool can – really is helping our customer to design the best product. And then, so on the AR/VR, clearly this is emerging, the whole experience for not just entertainment like (28:03) gaming or entertainment like games, the live game broadcast, and also I think for education for multiple applications. So we are seeing that quietly building up. And then, Tensilica, being the programmable low-power and the engine, that turn out to be very, very useful for that. And then same thing for the machine learning. And then the other part in this whole AR/VR audio play a very important role. And then we have the kind of industry standard audio that can be really exciting. And then you touch a little bit about the Microsoft. We are very happy, they announced (28:45) using 24 Tensilica processor for their HoloLens and then they are making good progress in the marketplace. We're excited about it.
Lip-Bu Tan: Sure. This is Lip-Bu, Monika, and I think, clearly, Mentor is a good competitor and it will remain an important competitor. And we are not in the place to comment or speculate as they are pending for transaction. One thing that highlights the importance of SDE and then the EDA part of that SDE, System Design Enablement, we are excited about that in that it tie in (30:34) to our overall strategy in terms of more supporting to the system company and some of the new vertical markets that I highlight, like for example in the military and defense, automotive and then some of these industrial application like IoT and machine learning across all the infrastructure in the cloud and intelligence into the medical. I think there are going to be a lot of opportunity open up.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, custom/analog, as you know, we are the leader and clearly when you have the position, sometimes the growth is not going to be higher, but we continue to drive the leadership and then we drive the most advanced set of custom and analog. And in fact right now, we also tried to tie in with our strength in the digital side to provide the mixed-signal solution to our customers. And in fact, we have couple of new encouragement points in our adoption of our next-generation product, the new Virtuoso suite. Actually it's ahead of expectation and we are very pleased with that and also adopt by over 100 customers. And then the other part is that the Spectre XPS, our new FastSPICE simulator and now have over 70 customers on the SRAM side, and now we're starting to apply and expand into the mixed-signal side. So I think all I can highlight is that we have a strong position. We continue to drive the leadership on that. And then the other part is, we also drive some of the new, emerging opportunities like IoT, automotive and then the mixed-signal application that we can really drive continued leadership.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, so, Mitch, let me try to answer that. That's why I think it's important to understanding our System Design Enablement strategy and this is expanding beyond our EDA towards – expanding to also the system company and some of the new verticals that we are pursuing. And then just like we did in the semiconductor side, the ecosystem partnership becomes very important like, for example, in the semiconductor side in the early days, we're very focused on TSMC, same thing, we are starting to really focus on networks that we announced on the system-level design and circuit-level implementation, Arrow Electronics and then somewhat this packaging become very important with TSMC. And then some of the vertical we are pursuing, couple of them we highlight, is aerospace and the defense and then with our expanded partnership with Northrop Grumman and BAE and then stay tuned. We will tell you more. And then also our expanded partnership with the GE Aviation side. And then on the automotive side, we highlight a couple of pointers to you. Mobileye is engaging with us on the Palladium Z1, Infineon engaging with us on the automotive function safety, and then some of this enablement in terms of automotive application on the TSMC 60-nanometer FinFET. And also, we have a dedicated team right now on the automotive and aerospace and defense. And then, we also highlight some of the IP engagement with a Japanese customer on automotive application, and also our data center is another area that we are focusing on. And beside our data center, IP, our hardware with Cavium, Innovium and the engagement, and I think stay tuned. So I think over time, we're going to like kind of show you how we're going to expand that strategy. And then some of that strategy, I think we highlight, not just new area, actually it's enhanced our Core EDA to drive even more adoptions, and then leverage on some of the refined IP strategy that we focus on and then to drive some of the success in the expanded ecosystem.
Lip-Bu Tan: And in some way, for the advanced node complex silicon and system design, hardware emulation is very critical, so that they can – shipping their product faster, because whatever their design, they can verify much closer. And then this hardware/software co-design, co-verification is really the bottleneck. And so, we're going to see continued growth and demand. And Palladium Z1 is really enterprise class, people love it. And then the customers, when they're starting to use Palladium – and they just find they want to buy more, because the capacity requirement, the benefit they receive and then time to market improvement is tremendous value to them and that's why we see very good growth for us.
Lip-Bu Tan: And in some ways, Geoff and I will continue to drive the productivity efficiency to drive success and then scale the business.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, Jay, let me start first. I think now clearly our focus on the leading company, the top 20 and when they do more and more consolidation, actually it's very interesting. They actually spend more money in R&D, because they want to continue their leadership. And so, by focusing on the right customer and then really drive efficiency, drive the most innovating products to help them, and I think we're going to see that opportunity for us. So that's why I think the impact is minimum. And then secondly, we are very well positioned to getting greater opportunity going forward, and also I think I mentioned earlier the system company, the SDE strategy that we are pursuing. We get that. And also, I think that China, the semiconductor company are (41:05) very determined to get a domestic semiconductor ecosystem industry and we are well positioned to work closely with those customers, to help them – successful. So I think overall, I think we do the right thing, and then focused with the right customer and engage heavily on the customer with the innovation product. And at the end of the day I always strongly believe the best product wins.
Lip-Bu Tan: So I think, Jay, let me try to answer the R&D side, and then Geoff can talk about the other portion in terms of internal priority. From the R&D point of view, I think clearly we will continue investing in digital and in signoff, because we are proliferating with our customers, the leading customer. And then secondly, we're going to continue double down on some of the verification side, because that's where the bottleneck on some of the customer shipment. And then, in terms of the digital front, I'll just go a little bit deeper and we are right now very focused on the full-flow. And so, not just the place and route, the signoff. Synthesis is very important. We have a new product came out, very well received and right now our priority focus is full-flow. And the customer looking for full-flow optimization productivity gain in terms of the PPA, performance, power, and area and the runtime so that they can drive their efficiency. So I think that part, we're going to continue to double down. And then the other part, we are (43:43) really exciting is the IP business, because the outsourcing trend is accelerating and then also the Tensilica, we talked a little bit more earlier in the machine learning. I'm a big fan of the machine learning and VR/AR and then some of these infrastructure changes that they're more programmable and more power efficiency. And that really play into the Tensilica strength. So I think, all-in-all, I think we have all the right elements. I think the key challenge for us is really drive customer success and then recruit the best talent in the industry, outside the industry globally if we can get one, and then continue to do the innovation and then make sure that customers are successful in their timely fashion in their design and then the tape-out. So I think that's our high-priority.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah. As I mentioned, the environment from what I see has improved slightly and I think it's not in general. I think it's more sector specific from my point of view. And I think that I like what I see and engage with the customer. I think automotive, as you all know, the ADAS, the self-driving is a lot of excitement going on right now. And AR/VR, that's a lot, a whole suite of new players coming up. And then the cloud infrastructure, that's something that I'm – very dear to my heart. And clearly, the scalability of the hyperscale web services, they're driving the new changes, and then in terms of more programmability and more scalability, in terms of the storage requirement. And then of course the IoT, not just the consumer IoT, a lot of industrial IoT to drive productivity and to drive efficiency and more intelligent and machine learning, deep learning on the cloud and on the edge. And then there's a lot of new changing landscape and, of course, the whole aerospace and defense application and their requirements. So those, I think, drive the 2017 semiconductor growth and I'm excited about it. And I think Cadence, well-positioned to capture some of this and then clearly they are driving some of the most advanced nodes and design and also they are looking at holistic approach from just design all the way to verification to the PCB board, packaging, design and then all the way to the system hardware, software design and verification and then I like what we have in that – in our (48:11) portfolio.
Lip-Bu Tan: Sterling, let me start first. Clearly, we are excited. Our investment is starting to pay-off now and I think, clearly, in some of our – entire new suite of tool that we develop and clearly customer see the benefit in term of the performance, power, area, and runtime and it can help them to drive these complex designs. So the top-20 semiconductor company plus several top-tier system companies are really adopting the Innovus. And then right now we are working closely with them in terms of full-flow design, and that is very important so that they can really count on us to design their most complex chip and can be fabricated in the most advanced node, the 10-nanometer to 7-nanometer and towards later on to the 5-nanometer. So I think overall, they basically start with – work with us and then adopting some of our tool and then now we are starting to not just a couple of projects, now there are some group and their (51:58) design and either it's a CPU or either it's a GPU or either a specific SoC that they are starting to adopt, making us as a standard for the design and that is huge for us. And then right now the baseball terminology, we are in the third inning now and then the fourth and fifth inning will be really driving the success in terms of fully proliferate across all their engineering team.
Lip-Bu Tan: In closing, 2016 was a year of great success and 2017 present us with exciting opportunities. I would like to thank all our shareholders, customers and partners, board of directors and hardworking employees for their continued support. Thank you all for joining us this afternoon.
