Geoff Ribar: Yes, so obviously, Raj, we're very excited to actually tell you that the mid-20s are happening in 2013, I think. We're very proud of the progress we made in 2011 that we'll continue to make in 2012. I think that's kind of where we want to stick though, Raj, on we're actually guiding to beyond 2012. I think it's important to recognize that we expect to grow faster than some of our -- some of the others in the industry have talked about in our core business, and that we're going to get to 2013, get to the mid-20s in 2013. 
Geoff Ribar: Yes, Rich, this is Geoff. So I think a couple additional points. Our customer base has expanded here from our traditional chip companies, but also to system companies. We're seeing that in the Palladium XP, but also in the other businesses that were becoming more important to the group of system companies. We did have extremely strong growth in Palladium XP in 2011. We do think it's a secular trend that there's going to be continued use. We do expect that growth rate, though not to be the same in the Palladium XP from '11 to '12 as it was from '10 to '11. 
Geoff Ribar: Sure. We kind of guided this year's growth at approximately 10%, 2012 from 2011. Obviously, we're not expecting to cut expenses to get there. We are expecting growth to continue. So we expect to see growth continue. As I think we said, we expect to grow faster than some of our competitors have committed to. And we think that will get us there. We obviously have to continue to execute to get there. It's not a slam dunk, but I think you've seen our execution be materially good in the past year and we need to continue that and continue to improve on that. 
Geoff Ribar: Yes. And I think, again, we're trying on -- the sales quality has been the focus since Lip-Bu took over, right? And I think we've made a lot of success there. We don't want to trade sales quality off for deal term. I think the other thing is the shorter term provides some benefits to us. To get back to Raj's earlier question, it means much less likely that we're going to be concerned about any hold in bookings or revenue going forward because the shorter deal term means those deals are coming up for renewal more often. It gives us more chance to sell, more chances to be successful. And also, it doesn't leave for a giant hole out there. So I think that's very important also. 
Geoff Ribar: So we're -- our business, I think, has changed with the ratable business model over time. I think you're not going to see the traditional quarterly pattern that you've seen. You'll see more sequential growth as you go forward. And I think that's how you should look at our business going forward. 
Geoff Ribar: So Jay, this is Geoff. So emulation business was a very strong business for us last year as you [indiscernible]. We don't comment on the exact numbers, but it was a very strong business for us. I think we grew at well over 20% in revenue from year-over-year. And again, a small portion of that was emulation, but a portion of that was also core business. That core business growth we anticipate going forward. We expect the emulation growth to slow down. 
Geoff Ribar: So I'd also like to point out, one of our strong growth areas was Verification IP. In the past year, we grew over 40% year-over-year. So we think it's a very strong business for us with very strong growth characteristics. 
Geoff Ribar: Yes. And then in history, we had some customers that we only recognize revenue when they paid. Japan was a part of that. It's still a little bit there. But because of the ratable nature of business right now, we don't expect to see much lumpiness. We expect to see much more sequential growth period-over-period. We're still completing the model change. That won't be totally done until Q4 of this year, so 2013 will be the first year. We're essentially 100% converted. But again, I think you'll expect to see sequential growth out of us going forward, that's our goal and our expectation. 
Geoff Ribar: And, Krishna, this is Geoff. Again, we're seeing that 10% growth in our business, right? That's obviously driven by our views of our customers. As Lip-Bu said, our customer base, in some ways, is expanding because we're having more and more systems business as some of our customers consolidate in the semi side. 
Geoff Ribar: So the tailwind of our model transition is actually probably the smallest portion that's out there. We are seeing our sales quality continue to improve. As I think we mentioned, our run rate is actually improving on old deals versus new deals. So that's good. The sales quality is improving. And we have seen market share gains. I think we've talked in Q2, where we have a couple of top 10 providers to move to digital flow. We talked about verification IP -- or verification win in this past quarter. And you're seeing that in other places, too, but those are some of the notable ones. 
Geoff Ribar: Yes, we're not baking any expectation to it. It's a core imperative of the company, and we're going to get there. And obviously we expect some revenue growth to get there, but we'll get there either way. 
Geoff Ribar: Yes, I think it's obvious from our bookings growth. I mean, just look at our bookings growth and the numbers we're talking about in our bookings growth. They're growing faster than revenue is. Our contract life continues to be extremely good. So I think you can see we expect a pretty good calendar and pretty good booking year. 
Geoff Ribar: Yes. So clearly, technologies, they're probably the most important part to it, right? We worked hard to improve our technology, to expand our technology offerings, to be an end-to-end provider. And so that provides for the same engineer, on the other side provides an opportunity to sell more tools to them. So that's part of it. The second part is our sales quality. Again, we worked really hard to improve our discounts, improve our run rates, improve our timeliness of our business. And I think that contributes also. And I think the third part is market share gains. 
Geoff Ribar: So I think what I said in my prepared remarks is that we expect at least 50% of our revenue increases to drop to the bottom line. I think if you go back over the past couple of years, you'll see that we've actually exceeded that occasionally. So that will vary a little bit. But we expect that general view going forward. I think that's how you should model your OpEx. 
Geoff Ribar: So the vast majority of our R&D spend is people, right? The most important attribute, the most important part of the company is the people. So we do have some swings based on incentive plans and those types of things, right, as we perform well. And I think that's probably we're you're seeing the swing a little bit. But I think, pretty steadily on percentage, we've managed that -- have managed quite well. 
Geoff Ribar: Foreign exchange. So we're going to be conservative guiding foreign exchange going forward. Right now, we had some benefits from foreign exchange in the past year. 
Geoff Ribar: Well, most of -- or almost all of our revenue is in dollars except for Japan. But we have large organizations around the world in a bunch of different geographies from Europe to India to China to Japan. And so how those play out will swing those numbers around. 
Lip-Bu Tan: So first of all, Cadence decided to commit to the leadership on the 20-nanometer. And clearly, we have our success in the digital Encounter side because of our leadership. And we mentioned about a couple big displacements that we'll win and we won. And then secondly, I think, clearly, the multi-core, that is a commitment. We want to be the leaders in that. And our announcement with ARM, that is very significant and opened up tremendous opportunity for us. As you know, ARM is very strong in the smartphone, tablet and even in cloud. And then the other part, clearly, I mentioned also in my script, on the mixed-signal side, because of our Virtuoso success and couple of big displacement coming up and that we won and on this mixed-signal and the digital content become more and more critical, that able to provide an end-to-end flow on the design and also drive a lot of efficiency in the power. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I think it's a very profound question. And clearly, I'll try to answer some of your questions. And so first of all, I think the industry consolidation, you mentioned about TI, National, Qualcomm, Atheros, that will be the trend that will continue. And so I think, clearly, winning in the -- I call it the winning platform become critical for the EDA player. That's why we have a laser focus to winning some of this big displacements, the platform we want to win. And so we're going to continue to win that. And in terms of our own industry consolidation, Raj, you know me, I'm a basketball player, I always like to see the game come to me rather than forcing it. We like our strategy. We like our growth map. We stick to our focus in terms of driving our product portfolio, take the leadership in that. And then meanwhile we actively pursue acquisition to add technology that we can really provide the best solution for our customer. Clearly, our EDA360, Silicon Realization, the end-to-end flow and the mixed-signal and the SoC and our IP, and then clearly in our system side, I think will be tremendous. Just related to, I think you mentioned about the Synopsys and Magma merger. First of all, clearly, it didn't change any of our technology momentum. And no change to our market positions. And clearly, we are committed to our roadmap. And then in fact, it created a lot of opportunity for us because our end of life and overlapping digital flow between the 2 company. And then by the way, Magma is only the less than 10% of Synopsys. So clearly, they provide a lot of opportunity for us. While heavily engaging with the customer, they are looking for this solution that we provide, excited about what we have. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Sure. So let me answer that, Rich. Clearly we have a lot of success in the digital side in the prepared script. And clearly, the leadership in the 20-nanometer and with the foundry partners, I think, clearly, is a very strong position for us. And then we also mentioned about and announced the ARM A15 co-development, and we have a lot of success engaging with the ARM's customers that are using ARM license. And we won a few, and we also have quite a heavy engagement with the others in the 2012. We are excited about the opportunity in front of us. Clearly, we want to take the leadership there. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Sure. Rich, I will start first and then Geoff can chip in. And so first of all, I think this -- hardware emulation, as I mentioned, you become a very critical phase of a design because more complex chip and the whole verification, the earlier you find the box is a very good important for your time-to-market. So any complex SoC or any 40-nanometer chip design is almost like a must-have, and then we have the best-of-class. And so we're going to continue seeing significant growth in this area. And the customers that we talked to, they continue to love our products and are buying from us. And so we're going to continue doing that. And in fact, we're going to expand that into our Virtual System Platform and also the Rapid Prototyping Platform. And a couple of customers already engage and extend to that whole suite of products that we are offering, and the time-to-market is so critical for them. And so we have a very good 2011, and we're going to continue to see growth in 2012. 
Lip-Bu Tan: I think, Sterling, let me start first and then Geoff will chip in. So this is very significant for us because -- since I came on board 3 years ago, I was driving the team to really focus on the term, the quality of the terms and the way we engage with our customer. After 3 years, I think our relationship with our customers tremendously improved. And then secondly, I think the team is -- I'm very proud of my team that are very disciplined in terms of providing the right terms and then the right products, technology to the customer to enable them to successful on that. And that is something very significant. That's why you noticed that even though in our revenue and our bookings guidance per year, but if you look at the duration and the quality is tremendously improved. 
Lip-Bu Tan: And also, I think, Sterling, across the board, our auto product line has been very strong in Q4, and then you will carry all forward. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I think, Sterling, it's a good question. And that we watch that very carefully, and we are heavily engaging with our customer. And so clearly, some customers, the top-leading customer, they are increasing their R&D and they are hiring people. Of course there's a few that are laying off people or cut back their R&D. But so far, from my visibility, the R&D engagement in the design have been increasing and are very steady. We are very optimistic and cautiously optimistic in the use of our tool. We like our product portfolio, our leading position. And we don't see any slowdown in term of the design engagement with us. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I think you note, Jay, a good question. Clearly, we have a very broad and diversified customer base. We don't have any single customer more than 10% of our revenue. And we are very engaging with our top 10 customers. Is there much changes? Not much. I think it's a winning company that we are engaged more and increasing. And we like that, and we're going to continue that. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, so, Jay, let me try to answer that. First of all, clearly, our growth engine, I mentioned earlier, in our IP, SoC and also in the systems side, we continue to make good progress on that. On the IP side, if you recall, we bought the Denali that gives us tremendous leadership in the memory IP. We're going to continue doing that. And we're -- now we are moving into the storage and also in the high-speed connectivity side. So very differentiating value IP that's provided to our customer. You correctly point out there's a lot of important customer in Asia Pacific that like to have IP growth, while heavily engaging and while winning, a couple of them. And we continue to win, continue to engage many of our customer in Asia. Asia Pacific growth, as we all know, is a fast growing area. Cadence is very well-positioned in that region. And we are very active. We have the right team, driving success and engaged with our customer. And so we're going to continue to win that. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Sure. So I think, Krish, a couple of points. So clearly, the semiconductor in our industry, the earlier question in terms of some bigger companies' success continue to hiring and there are some laying off. But overall, the trend is moving upward. And even the system companies are starting to engage a lot in the semiconductor design. So we are continuing to see that low single-digit growth in the semi industry. In terms of the R&D, and as I mentioned earlier, the engagement with the R&D development, we see steady increase and still very active, especially in some of the mixed signal and then the leading edge process with the leading company. We don't see any slowdown at all. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Right. And I think Geoff mentioned earlier, some of our friend in the EDA, in the industry that I mentioned about, have single low digit growth. And we basically indicating that 8% to 11% growth for us, so we will be growing faster. 
Lip-Bu Tan: It's a good question, Tom. So clearly, if you look at China, they consume about 1/3 of the semiconductor. That includes some of the networks complex churning [ph] manufacturing and also some of the internal consumption, and it's growing. And it's the fastest growing area. We're very well-positioned there. And then clearly, you're going to see quite a few world-class company coming up like Spreadtrum, HiSilicon, a few others in that long list of name. They are coming up really strong, very well-positioned. And Cadence are heavily engaging with that. That would be one of the very fast growing areas. We pay a lot of attention on that. And I think the -- some of these companies become a wold-class company, and there's starting to really pay attention to the IP, the legitimate EDA tool. And that really play into our strength, and we are very well-positioned to capture that. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you. In closing, I'm very proud of the accomplishment of the Cadence team in 2011. In addition to outstanding financial results, our accomplishments included introduction of new products for hardware and software co-design and co-verification, leadership for 22-nanometer and advanced multi-core processor design and deep collaboration with industry leaders. We have momentum on many fronts, and I'm very excited about our prospect for 2012.  Thank you, everyone, for joining us this afternoon. We look forward to speaking with you soon. Thank you. 
