Geoffrey G. Ribar: We regularly review our capital needs, our capital allocation, and our capital structure. We remain committed to using capital on the most attractive, highest return opportunities available. Our priorities in addition to stock returns for the use of cash have been funding operations, retiring convertible debt and M&A. We think we've been successful as mentioned, Lip-Bu motioned earlier in funding operations with all our innovative products we've created and also I think it’s shown up in our operating results. Our balance sheet continues to get stronger. And when you look at M&A we believe our acquisitions there have returned more than the cost of capital, we built the strategic business in IP and we strengthened our core. So in addition to that we are pleased to note that given the strength of our balance sheet, our near term outlook, the strong long-term fundamentals of business our Board of Directors has approved $100 million in stock repurchases. We expect to purchase up to $50 million of stock in each of 2014 and 2015. Our year-end balance of cash and short-term investment was $633 million of which $190 million was in the U.S. With $190 million of cash in the U.S. on hand the liquidity being provided by our $250 million revolving credit facility and the U.S. cash we expect to generate over the next year and half, we believe we have the right amount of U.S. equity to support our operational and strategic needs to retire $350 million convertible debt and to fund $50 million in both 2014 and 2015 totaling $100 million in stock repurchases. Sorry that’s a long answer.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: And overall, overall Rich, our software IP business also grew, right it wasn't just the hardware business.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: And obviously Rich the currency impact remains unknowable for us clearly we take a best estimate of how that works going forward. 
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Yeah. It was better than we originally thought but it was still down. And again as we said also 2014, we expect to be essentially flat from 2013.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: And Jay as far as the emulation and the emulation margins and cost of sales we were quite happy with the margins in the business. But this is the fourth year right that Palladium has been out there in the marketplace and so we do anticipate margins all through quite good being a little bit more of a challenge again generally as Lip-Bu we just add we love this business, we love the opportunities it provides for us and by the way our competitors too.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: So I think where we said obviously we'll continue to focus on growth for this business and we do think there continue to be operating margin improvements going forward. We are very happy that we're up 2% year-over-year from 24% for the full year 2013 to 26% for the full year of 2014.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Yeah, because Tensilica is now fully integrated into our IP business we're starting to breakout Tensilica. Again they did exceed our expectations for both Q4 and for the year as we said earlier in the call.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Again I don’t want to overstate this but we did want to let people know that there may be volatility from quarter-to-quarter in revenue and that's kind of where we see it. We're not going to give specifics obviously. 
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Yeah, we gave guidance for the year in Q1 and that I think you can figure out kind of how you need it model it from there.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: So onshore and offshore is approximately 50-50. It obviously varies from period to period but it's approximately 50-50.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: So when we guide the 26% non-GAAP tax rate that is kind of the long-term rate that we expect over time. Our cash tax rate had traditionally tended to be lower as we have tax attributes and NOLs to help offset some of that.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Well obviously the biggest driver for gross margins is always going to be the hardware business. Of course there is a service business that also shows up but it's large way driven by the gross margin on the hardware business. And as I said earlier right we expect the gross margin to be a little bit challenged going forward again don’t want to overstate it, it's a great business for us, and great margins but fourth year in the business there will be some impact.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Yeah. So obviously as you look at some of our newer businesses like the IP business and you look at some of the strength that Lip-Bu talked about with their innovative products, those are going to push you off in bookings and in the future show up in revenue I think more than anything else you are seeing that.
Lip-Bu Tan: So I think, Rich let me start first and then Geoff will give you more color. So first of all as I mentioned earlier we have a very strong growing IT portfolio and clearly the portfolio is getting stronger. Tensilica is doing very well and it's ahead of plan and a lot of success in our Design IP given the gains today in the advanced FinFET and so we continue do well in the IP side. And I mentioned also earlier because of the security and Allegro that business is growing about 28% year-to-year. So it's a very strong growth for us.  And meanwhile on our call EDA two related area, as I mentioned earlier clearly our success in campus and on the Azuro acquisition we made we' remaking a lot of inroad into the digital front. We have multiple customer success and our commitment investment into the advanced notes in the ‘14, ‘16 and already engaging in ‘10 in the FinFET side and of course the relationship with [inaudible] we are winning a lot of customer business. So I think across the board I would say that all our product have been doing well.
Lip-Bu Tan: So I can chip in first and then Geoff will give you more color. So clearly we're seeing recovery on Japan especially in the system company that has been doing very well, either in the consumer related area or in the automotive side. We are seeing a strong recovery. And then secondly even in some of more restructuring company we are also starting to see sign of improvement and clearly they are investing in the future in terms of new product. We are engaging heavily with them. And so I think clearly we see the stabilization we're seeing improvement in certain, especially in the system company side.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, Jay. Thank you for the question. First of all you are right. The environment kind of still remaining challenging and uncertain but we are feeling much better with our business. Clearly I on the Q2 and Q3 while working our way to some of the specific customer issues. We didn't have any of those in Q4. Q4 was a strong quarter – we introduced couple of new products. And I am very excited about our IT hardware and also our new products. And so I think the outlook for 2014, we are comfortable with our guidance. Clearly in the longer-term as you know I am very passionate about system design enablement. Clearly we see a lot of traction in term of ratable, Internet of things, automotive, cloud video and Big Data. And so I think overall, I think you're correct and that we are more positive. I think clearly those issues that are isolated we don't have it in Q4 and we're comfortable looking forward in 2014 and beyond.
Lip-Bu Tan: Jay, this is a good question. First of all I think we mentioned system quite a few times in our call. And I think we are defining the system design enablement as a company going forward. Clearly I think that traditionally EDA as is well known is more on the more on the automation for chip design but the system enablement I think it goes beyond traditional EDA by taking a system view. So clearly not only supplying customer with tool, IP, software content and then the design with the end product in mind and that clearly beside just developing for the SoC, we are talking about design integration, analysis, verification of system level components such as board, packaging, software, system IP and mechanical, thermal aspect of the system and so it is kind of more top down systems approach. And clearly traditionally EDA is a very big focus and at the core of our system design ennoblement strategy. And also clearly it’s really the foundation of the strategy and then clearly our growing highly differentiated portfolio like packaging, board design, system analysis, system-level IP, system and hardware, software, co-design, co-verification and software product, we are kind of moving towards that. And then clearly I think the system company is a much bigger and become an increasing part of our business. And as the new wave of system company they are growing vertical integration to optimizing their SoC and system altogether. And so this clearly plays into our strength. And then clearly the EDA tool, automation I mentioned earlier and software and the whole entire ecosystem partnership and that’s where the growth opportunities were given.
Lip-Bu Tan: So I think Jay, let me answer the first portion and then Geoff will answer the second question. The first portion I think if hear correctly you are talking about the EDA opportunity in Asia Pacific and then what are the opportunities for us. So clearly as you can see from our result U.S. is still a very important market for us, 47% and we are continuing to gain market share continue to work very closely with our customer to enable them in the complex design. Clearly Europe is also very an important market for us especially in the automotive and industrial area. We are heavily engaging much from the EDA side and also in the system packaging related area and they are very, very strong in that. And then Asia Pacific is an emerging growth area. We are very excited and we are well positioned as you know in that market. And clearly you see a bunch of company coming up from Spectrum, RDA, High Silicon, the Galaxy products IPO in Hong Kong and a suite of company coming up and we are so well positioned engaging with them providing the tool and also increasing the IP blocks and we have a very broad portfolio able to provide them a very good silicon proven IP so that enable them to fast to market. And clearly we also see a tremendous growth on the Palladium hardware emulation because it is a must have when they have a complex chip design especially in the advance node. So I think we see good opportunity and we are very well positioned much as for tool, much as for IP and also for the system packaging related area. And we are very well positioned.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah I think Monika I think clearly it’s a very good question. Foundry enablement is very important in our business and so we work with multiple foundries in the advance nodes and adjust for our tool to optimize for their foundry. And clearly there is a different TAM and now clearly you have a common platform, you have a TSMC and clearly you have Intel. Each foundry they have their own unique specific requirement but we work with all of them and so it’s very important to continue to support and clearly to optimize. So we’re engaging with all of them and them also same thing with IT ecosystem. It’s very important that kind of big collaboration that you know they support our customer, time to market and winning in the marketplace. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, that’s a very good question and we clearly believe that EDA industry provides tremendous value to our customer, especially in the mass cost, the design tip out is getting more and more expensive when you move up the geometry and clearly a deep relationship with our customer and then provide value they need to build their products in a timely fashion and a scalable fashion is critical and that’s why you noticed some of our new products, we emphasized not just high performance multiple time performance and also scalability, can scale to multiple hundreds of cores is critical and then time to market we have to go to second and third span it costs you a lot of money.  And that’s where I think the relationship between the customer and the EDA vendor become very critical in terms of collaboration and then trusted partnership become critical and last five years we have gradually earning the trust from our customer to provide and deliver the scalable products to them.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah I think you know first of all we are happy with that 14 new customers and as you can tell in every product we definitely are competing and then win based on performance and also the support of the customer. And secondly clearly is must have for advance node complex design faster to find the bugs, so that you can fix it, time to market is critical so it’s very good in terms of market growth and the customer needs that. And we just want to support them in the most efficient way and scalable way to support them and so that they can be winning and find the bugs earlier so that they can get to market quicker. So it’s a must have, it’s a nice market and it’s a growing market and we love it.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah so I think it’s a very good question. Clearly in the emulation side we are the market leader. In terms of the -- as I mentioned in my remarks clearly many of our customers are also using that and accepted that as a stimulation acceleration and in fact in 2013 we have doubled that, in term of the growth and so we're excited and but we're not sitting still. We are continuing to heavily investing to skill that more in the emulation acceleration and the prototyping.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah Sterling let me start first. I think clearly our Palladium XP tool is the second emulation family and a significant improvement in term of capacity, performance and also the software improvement, and clearly improved a lot in terms of the productivity and customer love it. And so that's why you can see more than 50% of our orders in Q4 come from Palladium XP tool. So it's very well received and it's very scalable and we are going to continue in a very comprehensive game plan in terms of continue to improve and expand our capacity and growth. And then more important I think we mentioned earlier in the Q4 we have four out of five application process company are using that and also are increasing using from the system company that is very exciting for us and they see it tremendous beneficial for them in terms of building up the system up. And so I would see a growth in the system company.
Lip-Bu Tan: Okay, so let me try to answer that and then earlier I mentioned about the discussion of the system design enablement and then how to get it from the end product and then the system view and also the suite of portfolio we have on packaging, system analysis, system IP to hardware. And then also I think I mentioned earlier the system company, the market we are addressing is much bigger. And then broadly talking about the whole system area is almost like $2.6 trillion.  And now area is starting to become an increasing part of our business. And I also mentioned earlier because of system companies, the new wave of system companies they are differentiating themselves by going vertically integration. So they come from all the way from Silicon to the SoC to the system level. And so in a way we are engaging heavily with them in terms of driving much of the silicon and also the IP requirement, the analysis of the board at system-level and also the software, the entire ecosystem requirement. And so is a whole suite of opportunity for us providing a solution to them. So clearly in terms of the market potential is much bigger. And then secondly clearly the system company, they are starting to grow rapidly in terms of beating the requirement from silicon up and then the SoC to the board, to the system and so all kinds of problem and challenges that they need help from us in terms of addressing each one of them, knowing the power, then the signal integrity and the entire board other than just silicon alone. And then also the system-level how do you address a requirement in the most power efficient way. And then those are the requirements and challenges they face and we can be a great partner for them to do that.
Lip-Bu Tan: So let me summarize the remarks for the -- first of all in closing. And I just want to mention that clearly this is a great year and Cadence continued to deliver great technology to our customers and our business results reflect this. While the macro environment remain uncertain and Cadence is well positioned to continue executing and supporting our customers by introducing great new products. Lastly I would like to recognize our hard-working employees for these results. And thank all of our shareholders, customers, and partners for their continuous support. Thank you everyone for joining us this afternoon.
