John Wall: So, Adam, yes, as Lip-Bu mentioned in his prepared remarks that Q3 was our best ever quarter for our Operator business with impressive revenue growth exceeding 20% year-over-year. I mean, if I look back over the last four quarters, the trailing fourth quarters were also up 20% year-over-year on IP. But we always see that revenue for IP can be lumpy in any single quarter, half or even year. But we do believe that it’s mostly be sustainable over the long-term. 
John Wall: Oh, we are not giving any guidance on 2020 right now like we say it’s – it can be lumpy in any one quarter, half or even year. We will provide that guidance at the end of our year. 
John Wall: Yes, I think it’s filed already. The contracted but unsatisfied performance obligations were approximately $3 billion at the end of Q3 including approximately $200 million over IP access arrangements. Those IP access arrangements are non-cancelable commitments from customers where products selection and quantities are determined by customers each quarter. 
John Wall: Yes, Jackson, as Lip-Bu says, I mean, our hardware solutions are proven to be very robust in the marketplace and cost command is good. Q3 results were slightly up on Q3 2018. But we were building inventories heading into Q4 because we have strong pipeline going into Q4. 
John Wall: Yes, and then, we are not going to speculate in terms of how that plays out for next year. But you are correct in your assessment that in some cases for some customers we had revenue in the first half of the year and some – and the second half of the year is quite different and we do have some headwinds. If there is no change, those headwinds will persist into next year.
John Wall: Yes, we are very pleased with the consistent execution there in IP and they had a very strong finish to last year. They had a very strong Q1. Q2 was kind of flat on Q2 last year and then, we had a strong Q3. But as with all these things of course it creates a tough compare going forward.
John Wall: Yes, I mean that's a GAAP only thing. I mean in October 2019, we initiated a series of transactions involving an internal realignment of our international operating structure. And that realignment may significantly increase our foreign deferred tax assets. As you know, deferred tax assets are recognized when the depreciation of the asset is expected to offset future profits.  So there is a lot of calculations that go into trying to estimate the value. We've not completed our analysis and cannot yet estimate the impact. But we expect to complete the analysis and record the income tax impact in the fourth quarter of 2019.  We wanted to highlight that in our CFO Commentary, because our current GAAP guidance in the – basically doesn't account for this change. So we just wanted to highlight that that piece is open.
John Wall: Overall, China was – what 10% of revenue in Q3. Now, that's down from 12% in Q2, but flat from kind of Q1. It was - I think it was 10% in Q1 as well. But we've seen variability in our China revenue mix over the last six quarters. It's ranged from a low of I think 8% back in Q2 2018 to a high of about 13% in Q4 2018.  Back in Q4, 2018, we did experience a hardware pull-in and we did see the first half was quite strong for hardware. Q3 has been a little bit lighter for hardware and not shown up in gross margin. But like I said the hardware pipeline is strong for Q4 and hardware can be lumpy in any one quarter.
John Wall: Yes. We are not guiding anything on 2020 right now. But you're right to point out that the headcount has grown, because we are investing in opportunities for proliferation of market shaping customers and new products.
John Wall: Yes. So, we haven't changed how we guide. I mean, we guide the same way all the time. But essentially it's the same as where we were at this time last quarter. Last quarter we guided Q3 at 30% for op margin and Q4 for 30%. In Q3, the beat was mainly on the gross margin side. I mean we assume gross margin comes out at about 90% in our estimates and we did better in Q3.  It came out - I think was 91.6% and we landed at 31.7% for op margin. So most of the – but most of the beat on the op margin side in Q3 was a result of gross margins. My expectation for Q4 is that, we have a significant hardware pipeline heading into Q4. It was kind of similar, it reminds me of where we were this time last year and last year, our gross margin ticked down, I think 200 basis points from Q3 to Q4.  So we are expecting about 30%. And that's because you've got a combination of things happening, right? You've got Q3 and Q4 we are assuming that that there is no change in export limitations right now. We are also investing in proliferation opportunities, market shaping customers and in new product areas. So that's what's – that's what's driving the numbers.
John Wall: Yes, Jay. Thanks to point that out. Yes, the - that was an issue we had with how remaining performance obligations were calculated in the past. We reported backlog under the old rules and we would have include our IP Access arrangements. And then, under the new rules, the remaining performance obligations didn't include IP Access arrangements and they didn't seem to be consistent with how we reported in the past.  So we worked with our auditors just to say that we wanted to disclose it because, as you say now as of Q3, it's $212 million is the exact number. But there is $3 billion that we have in contracted, but unsatisfied performance obligations is more comparable to the backlog that we had at the end of last year.
John Wall: Yes, Jason, It's kind of hard to move the needle in one quarter. I mean if you look over the total year, we are expecting kind of low to mid-single-digits growth for Functional Verification for the year. Although if you do look over like the trailing four quarters to the end of Q3, I think Functional Verification is up kind of high-single-digits. But the challenge this year has been tough comps and like we said, we enter into Q4 optimistic with a strong pipeline.
John Wall: So, yes, having a broader set of companies benefits us, because Cadence revenue growth generally tracks design starts, but the more design starts are there the better it is for Cadence business.
John Wall: Yes, I don't have any breakdown in terms of the market data that I can share with you today, but we are very, very happy with how our year is going and with the strong pipeline that we have leading into Q4.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, thank you for your question, Gary. I think couple of things. First of all, I think we have our approach of the System Analysis space that’s something is very – our core competence of our computation of software and that we can apply into this complex System Analysis space and then we have this two new products initially. We have now security that is a 3D EM Solver. We are delighted. We have four competitive wins and this is a great new product for us and we have more than 30 active customer engagements going forward. And so, we are excited about that and then, meanwhile, we just announced our Celsius Thermal Solver. Again back to that computational software strength that we have and we clearly demonstrate that up to 10 X performance and customers are delighted to see our performance especially Bosh and Arm, they both endorse our new products and we have made up earlier discussions. So it’s still in a very early stage of our emerging into the System Analysis and more and more our customer love that, because beside the EDA, beside the IP, they want to look at the total system solution simulation whether it fits the whole system, power, thermal, envelopes and it’s something that we can really demonstrate and provide the best solution for the customer. So it’s still very early and in terms of our pricing, again, it’s not part of our EDA and so, we do it differently and basically close to the market competitive and pricing and then – but in a very early stage of winning. And then stay tuned. Over time, we will unfold and give you progress updates. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, let me start first, Jackson, and then, John will give you more details about the inventory. And so, I think first of all, I think function Verification remain the fastest growing challenge for our customers and I mentioned, in Q3, we are delighted to deepen our partnership with Samsung through comprehensive agreement across much as Digital Custom and also Verification products. And then the Palladium Z1 have been doing great and the customers love it on the hardware emulation but now we – at the Protium X1 FPGA-based prototyping that we can provide a comprehensive solution across IP and SOC Verification, especially for hardware, software regression and earlier software development that combination using the same front-end software and make it easier for the customer. And then, so I think we clearly see that eight new customers and eight key expansions and so I think we are just delighted and very pleased Protium giving a lot of opportunity for us and we also highlight a global marquee customer significantly expanded their existing hardware footprint with additional Z1 capacity and add on the Protium X1 as well make us – make that one as the larger one or the largest hardware orders for Cadence. So I think, all in all, we see strength and then I think John can highlight the reason of building up the inventory. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I think, both and not just on semiconductor many are system companies and because they really see the value of up to 10X performance and tying well with the – from the system simulation down to the silicon emulation that’s fully integrated. It’s a compute that the customer loves. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I think what we mentioned earlier is that, IP deal is with a global semi – U.S. semiconductor company, marquee U.S. semiconductor company and then the hardware clearly is a marquee – global marquee company and they are already our customer. But they are increasing their hardware capacity plus the Protium that they like a lot and so that they fully integrated and make it one of the largest hardware orders. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I think we mentioned Bosch and Arm endorsed the Celsius product. And the Clarity, we mentioned about four competitive wins and then plus another 30 active customers. So that’s a differentiation, yes. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, let me start first. Clearly, the – our focus strategy and strong portfolio in IP and in fact we keep on adding more IP portfolio beside the Tensilica and the memory connectivity and then we are excited about high speed SerDes that we bought from NewSemi and that 112 gig SerDes is a must have from a lot of datacenter infrastructure build-up and hyperscale guys really like it. And so, I think we have a very – we are very pleased with our portfolio and we are laser focused on our strategy, focused on the leading customers and then focused on the advanced nodes and then focus on something that we can scale. And then, so far, I think we have a very broad portfolio. But meanwhile we are very delighted and I mentioned earlier, this marquee semiconductor company, beside we have wide ranging win and now we add on this largest IP much as include TenSilica family, it also include the Design IP portfolio, we are excited about it, just add on top of it and we are very pleased with the progress. And IP is like the building block of the system. You really need the – start like, call it a star IP that a must have and we are really focused on the star IP. 
Lip-Bu Tan: And in some way, we are very excited about the environment, because you know, as I mentioned the couple of big driver AI, 5G, Cloud and IoT and then the whole data infrastructure is because of AI and all these drivers, there is a very big changes requirement needed. And so we have a suite of start-up and system company, they all try to meet the new requirements. So there is a lot of innovation happening.  And so we see the design activities increase and that's why I think also we have proliferation of our digital flow and also some of the key market shaping customers that were being adopted. And so we are building up the engineering and also the FAE support to win some of these accounts and then proliferating. And that's why John and I, we only increased the headcount when we see the deployment and also the commitment from the customers.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. So, I think clearly we don't guide any 2020 outlook. But we are excited about. I don't know quite sure, new North America, but we only mentioned about marquee, the U.S. semiconductor company. We are excited about the partnership and we're expanding besides the tool expanding the IP proliferation and that part we will continue. We are excited about it.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, I think the AI implication to the whole industry can be quite significant. If you look at the university like MIT, there is called a school of – new School of Computing. They just raised $1 billion for that. Same thing with CMU, Carnegie Mellon and I am on the Trustee and now they are just offering the AI degree for undergrads.  And then, you can see the SoftBank, the Vision Fund tool is focused on AI. So you can see that AI implication. And in fact you are correct, if you look at the semiconductor growth recently in term of funding, a lot is driven by AI. AI is not just semiconductor. It's applied into all the different vertical industries. So the impact can be quite huge. And we are excited by this opportunity that design activities increase a lot. And so I think, all in all, I think clearly, we have a very good position. We have the AI machine learning application to our tool. So we see significant improvement in terms of our various tool. In terms of PPA run time and verification. So we are embarking on improving our tool. So that we can get the best products to meet the customer requirement. And the AI development is not just the start-up.  All the big hyperscale guy and all the big system company, they all have various degree of investment into AI. And then we also, our Tensilica, that’s a very clear good engine for some of the AI application like, audio, video and various others and then we are trying to build a software stack on top of the AI platform, so that we can provide a solution to our customer for the various vertical markets they try to address.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, so Jay, thank you for these questions. And let me address one each time. So, first of all, about market shaping customer the definition is that they are clearly the leaders in their sector. And so, they are the most demanding customer, but because they are leader, they are driving the innovation. They are driving the performance. And we want to be the partners for them, the trusted partner to enable their innovation to continue their leadership in the marketplace in the various different vertical markets or the platform that they create. We want them - we want to be the partner for them and that is how we define the market shaping customers. In terms of growth, as I mentioned, you can hear my passion clearly in a way, we are not creating the changes, we are right with the wave. And you know the beauty part in this particular junction of the industry there is a five different waves are driving the growth and they are changing the landscape of the requirement.  As I just mentioned, one example is AI and now we are moving into I call it the data-centric economy. It's all about data and then today, it’s only 2% of the data are being analyzed and being utilized. So there is a humongous opportunity. And then, this is applying to across all the different verticals and it’s really driving a change to the memory, driving the churn of the storage, driving the domain-specific processor.  So in a way it's workload specific depending on different workloads. Different markets require different rather than just CPU, GPU our FPGA, there is a new class of workload that require different type of processor and then we are also driving the memory, the storage, the infrastructure in terms of able to cope with the data, massive, massive explosion of data.  And then, so, all this is going to require new innovation in order to support that and for example the programmability, the scale out the storage and network and then scale out the top of the rack, all the way to topping on the spy in term of the infrastructure 12.8 terabit per second to 51.2 terabit per second switch and all the high-speed interconnecting.  And that's why the SerDes is so important for high speed. And that's why Cadence bought it, and then we're going to triple down to really drive the requirement that the hyperscale and the big infrastructure player need that.  So I think this is going to be driving a lot of new innovation in semiconductor side and we are learning and we are trying to be the trusted partner to fulfill some of this requirement and that's why I mentioned earlier that design activity increased a lot and we are excited about it and it's just a beginning of it.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. So, I think this is just our initial entry to the System Analysis using our core competence on computational software and stay tuned. I mean, we are just beginning. We have first product came out in April as you correctly point out with good traction. And now the second product came out. People love the performance. They are excited about it.  We are continuing to investing and it’s high-end also very well with our PCB business and that the whole system modeling system simulation will be a really exciting area for us. So stay tuned and we will update you when we announce any new products.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. So, I think we like to broaden the customer and applications, so that we can really find new opportunity and new solution to support them either in the automotive or 5G or AI and Cloud, or huge opportunity in industrial IoT and providing the solution for the system infrastructure player. And so that we can broaden the customer requirement and that greater diversity to our customers is always good.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. So, I think you know when you move down the geometry to seven to five to three, try to integrate different products, different tools from different customers, that mean that you have to build an internal team to do all the integration and also you have a lot of opportunity to fail, because the different tools will have different methodology.  And so, the customers are starting to really focus on getting a full flow the best – I think it's very important, our focus first of all, is to have the best-of-breed to each product line like the Innovus we mentioned earlier for place and route. Right now, it’s a majority, over 70% of the customer are adopting it in the most advanced nodes.  And then now we have the Genus come out very strong and then Tempus come out and Pegasus. The customers are starting to see that not only the best-of-breed of product and also how to integrate them, how to optimize them and correlations among all the different flow that we have been talking up our last few years.  And so right now we can not only at the best-of-breed for each product, now we can integrate and that's why you're starting to hear that we mentioned a lot about digital full flow that our customers depend completely on us on the most advanced node in the seven and five and three and that's the way we are going to continue to support the customer.
Lip-Bu Tan: Okay. Clearly, we are excited about the hyperscale players. They are going to be very important for our industry, because they are quietly building up. As I mentioned earlier, their workload requirement have changed. And it's more about data and then so that domain-specific processing development and also in the server into the data storage network, scale out going to be even more and more important for them.  And great partners for us and great customer and we love them. And then, first of all, they are bit different on our semiconductor players. Time to market is more important to them and also performance scalability is most important to them. And that part, I think we worked very from the early days. We are already working on partner with them.  And we are also very excited about the cloud infrastructure that we also support the cloud infrastructure using some of our tool to do that and we continue the leadership on that. So I think in multiples, expect we are working with our partners in the cloud, and we're excited about the opportunity.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you all for joining us this afternoon. Next phase of our strategy, Intelligent System Design brings new opportunities in Design Excellence, System Innovation and Pervasive Intelligence and an expanded total addressable market. We are capitalizing on multiple technology trends and further proliferating our solutions with a broader base of customers.  And in closing, I would like to thank all our shareholders, customers and partners, the Board of Directors and our hardworking employees for their continued support.
