John Wall: I don't think so Gary, but you are right in terms of we used $143 million of cash for acquisitions in Q4. We're not disclosing any more details at this time, but we don’t expect those acquisitions to become accretive until 2019.
John Wall: Any impact on 2018 is included in our guidance. I will provide more information in our Form 10-K when we file in a couple of weeks.
John Wall: No. Sorry Gary that’s not the case. We have a slight difference, some of our revenue goes from upfront over time and that’s mainly software perpetual revenue that’s a small portion of our business, and the piece that’s mainly moving from previously ratable to upfront is some of our IP business. Hardware, we recognized upfront and that’s partly why it has been inherently a lumpy business for us.
John Wall: Sure. Like we said in the prepared remarks, during the recast process we expect to take approximately 3% of our backlog that would have primarily been recorded as revenue over the next two years under the old rules and then included immediately as an adjustment to our opening retained earnings. Now, about a third of that we never get back that about 2% of that backlog becomes a timing difference, and then we will gradually grow that revenue over time layer over the next two years such that ASC 606 and 605 revenue would be the same. We believe if you take the difference in our guidance there is about 40 million difference between in revenue in 2018 between both sets of revenue rules that’s around 60% of the total reference. We expect the difference in revenue under the new rules and old rules to gradually decline over time and be essentially de minimus within two years.
John Wall: Again, I like to say Monika that we would expect the difference between revenue under the new rules to gradually decline over time to be de minimis within two years.
John Wall: Cash taxes around 11% to 12%, this is what the cash tax was for 2017. You will see that detail in the Form 10-K when we file it in a couple of weeks. And I would expect it to be may be slightly lower for 2018.
John Wall: Right. So, well, as Lip-Bu mentioned hardware revenue is down for the year in 2017, but as we said before hardware is inherently lumpy business, and after a slow start to the year we’re pleased with the year the year turned out and we had a good finish and exited the year with good backlog, a very good backlog of orders. I would - we are very confident in the secular trend in demand for emulation capacity that continues. Palladium Z1 is still the most advanced, has the most advanced capabilities of any emulator in the market, and our existing customers continue adding more capacity. So, we feel good about our hardware business for 2018.
John Wall: Monika at 7% revenue growth on an apples-to-apples basis, I think we would expect all product groups to grow in 2018.
John Wall: We're not disclosing any more details at this time, but we will have further information in our Form 10-K in a couple of weeks.
John Wall: Of course, yes. You will see in our guidance. We have given our guidance it’s - it’s on the CFO commentary that is - we are guiding 27% operating margin under the new rules and it’s - the implied guidance under the old rules will be 28.4%.
John Wall: All right Farhan, this is John. I mean stock is just one part of the overall compensation package and different companies have different mixes of the package.
John Wall: So, Farhan total difference between ASC 606 and 605 results is that 40 million of revenue. That’s it, I think you need to just, if you go through your model and apply that - everything else is minimal. There is minimal impact on expenses and you’re correct. It’s just an accounting change. There is no difference to our cash from operations. There is no difference to how we go to market. There is no difference to how we bill or contract our business with customers.
John Wall: I don't actually know right now, but like you say, our guidance includes everything, but we’ve taken everything into account in our guidance that - but I’m - we’ve been like I say it has been 40 days since the US Tax Cuts and Jobs Act and it’s been like 40 days and 40 nights going through the tax reform and dealing with this change over new revenue rules. There was additional information going into the Form 10-K and we’re about two weeks away from filing. I would look to that.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I mentioned earlier, this is a lumpy business and we have a slow start in the first three quarter, but we have a strong finish and we’re very excited that we have a significant backlog of orders going to 2018.
Lip-Bu Tan: And Gary just to go back to the first question, that the nusemi acquisition plus SFM Technology acquisition, so we did two acquisitions that we used 143 million cash.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. So, good question, and as you recall, and we are very disciplined in terms of our agreement with our customers. We have just averaged 2.5, 2.6 year durations and that is a contract we had in place, but from time-to-time we also have customer come back to us and to add on some of this recorded add-on business that is not part of the agreement because some are the new product and new technology will come out in the new advanced nodes and those are - we keep track of that very carefully because that is where you show the growth for the future.  And we are very excited that our, you know this add-on business is coming strong and that indication of strong growth and what I described earlier, this data driven economics, some of the three of the vertical market we are focusing on, and the system company, you know they are building their own silicon team to differentiate their products. And also, the demand for the advanced nodes and more complicated design they come to us, and we are really excited about it.
Lip-Bu Tan: So, I think in that Jay, I think you have two questions. So, let me address the first one first in terms of customer concentration topics. First of all, I think we have a very broad portfolio. We also have a very, I call it, longtail analog and industrial usage and are very stable and a good business for us. And in the meanwhile, we also have this newly developed digital flow that we have a lot of proliferations and with different accounts. And the good news is that we have - all the customer - most of the customers are growing and we are delighted, and to support them, but we are continuing to have that in our - not more than one customer, they have 6% of our business. So, it’s a very broad growing in the diversify that’s something that we like. And meanwhile, we love the customer continue to go grow and buy more of our products. And in terms of your second question about the Protium, and as you recall, we have the hardware emulation product and that is still the best in the emulation business and we continue to grow well as you can - mentioned earlier in Q4 we have a strong finish. We have a strong backlog going forward in 2018, and we also come out with this Protium and we call it S1 and that was also gaining a lot of attraction. We have 17 new customers and 11 repeat orders, and this is the, as I already pointed out is FPGA-based prototyping system and more software oriented, and that I think we are delighted, while getting a lot of traction, a lot of interest from a customer, and at the end of the day we - right now we are really focused is the whole verification suite. And that consists of Jasper, the former verification consists of - and clearly the hardware, and also, we have the simulation neutral Xcelium we are delighted after the launch, we have 90 customers adopted and then we have the hardware and now we have a protium, and so we have a complete suite going forward, many customers love that solutions.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, so I think in - first of all, I think that Q4 we are excited. For the whole year, IP grew 18% and under the leadership of Babu, and this outsourcing trend continuing and the other part is now clearly our refined strategy is really working, and we have assigned a couple of very important key contracts in the largest design IP, and then also clearly we have Tensilica is a really very good IP that has strong loyalty growth, and that apply into the whole machine learning, deep learning and neural networks and also the audio, in the vision processing application market. So, I think overall, I think we - like what we have and meanwhile this nusemi acquisition is strategically very important to us. As you all know, the scale out of the data center at high-speed SerDes is essential, and for the next generation of data center and Cloud, and this is a very, very talented team and we’re very, very happy to have them join us. Then we also have this Xilinx, and ARM, TSMC using the Cadence IP and Cadence tool for the 7 nanometer, also for the data center market, that silver market. So, I think overall, we kind of liked our IP portfolio and IP team, and also continue to look for the right IP that are really important to our vertical market. The STE market in the automotive, in the data center, and then also the defense, and aviation industry in the market, and that’s why we are kind of going the vertical part, and that’s where the growth is going to come from, and a lot for Cadence.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, this is a very good IP on the data center and the demand is so strong and so and with a lot of respect for Broadcom, and then meanwhile there is some opportunity for us also. And we’re only going to license the IP.
Lip-Bu Tan: And then from Cadence, as I mentioned, the success we have because we continue to try the innovation. For that we attract and retain the best talent we can get, and so far it’s working well.
Lip-Bu Tan: One thing is, you know clearly the security is quite important at this stage. And then we protect our IP and data and the system and our customers very religiously and we are committed to that. And clearly the comprehensive design and verification had to be a lot more robust and we take good care of that, and so far, not one word we are okay.
Lip-Bu Tan: First of all, we have a lot of for Broadcom. It’s a very successful company run by Hock, and we are delighted. They embrace and invest into the digital platform we have in many of the advance notes projects. We are continuing to support them for their success, and in terms of the Qualcomm, Broadcom, both are very respected companies, and they are leader in their space, and I do not want to comment or speculate any of the impacts here.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. So, it's called SFM. It's innovative product, accelerate the advanced ECAD and MCAD and mechanical CAD in the library creations. And this is one of the very important step for us to expand our SDE into this mechanic tronics area. This is kind of part of a very important piece for us to move into the SDE for some of the vertical market we try to address.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you, Tom, for asking this question. So, clearly you know the advanced packaging become more and more critical. We’re delighted, we have a very good offering beside the IC packaging, we also have the board level packaging, and on the silicon side, and on the 2.5D, 3D become more and more adopted by the customer and also the foundry panels, especially in some of this, like for example high-speed SerDes connectivity and then some of this, you know really had to try some of this packaging efficiency and we work very close with our foundry panels for the - you know some of this 2.5D packaging so that we can provide the overall solutions. And also, I think some of this 3D NAND and then the packaging has become more and more critical. That part I think we look very, very close to that. And then I mentioned earlier about the SerDes. When you move up every 100 gigs SerDes, the insertion loss is going to be critical. And again, some of this 2.5D and even Platonic packaging going to be very more important. And then so those are the things that we try to find solution to help enable our customers.
Lip-Bu Tan: Good question. Sometime it’s very hard to predict the growth rate, but I can tell you, we are way ahead on the 2.5D and 3D couple of years ago. And when we talk to the foundry partners and packaging company, they are telling us that while there is no customer request for it, but now when the customers having to request them and coming to us, so I think people are starting to realize the pinpoint [ph] there is all kinds of fine solution. We are delighted, we have some of the solution that they need to help them to design and drive packaging efficiency and drive some of the performance they need.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, memory become more and more critical and this whole data driven economy has a lot to do data and storage. And that is something I pay a lot of attention and we’re delighted. I highlight two of the three memory company are using our, you know FastSPICE simulator and then also the characterization of solutions, and also couple of them are working closely with us in some of our to-end [ph] solution we need. And we will continue to support our customer with all the, you know help them work closely with them, some of them need the IP, on the memory IP while supporting them, and some of them need the tool to drive some of the efficiency performance they need. And then some they need the packaging side. So, memory and data storage become more and more critical in this big data and data analytics and the machine learning deep learning. We pay a lot of attention to that.
Lip-Bu Tan: In closing, through consistent execution and innovation, we are well positioned to build on the positive momentum of our System Design Enablement strategy to enable the Data Driven Economy. I would like to thank all of our shareholders, customers, and partners, Board of Directors, and hardworking global employees for their continued support. Thank you all for joining us this afternoon.
