Geoff Ribar: So, on the first part, Sterling – and thanks for the question, the first part generally what happens in the first half of the year is Social Security taxes kick in, in the U.S. and that increases our expenses until people meet the Social Security caps. And that’s one thing that drives expenses lower in the second half of the year. The other one is just the vacations and how vacations lay in, in the summer and of course in the later half of the year with the holidays, vacations tend to kick in. So, that tries tends to improve operating results in the second half of the year and decrease them in the first half of the year. I think as we said on the second part, I think as we said in our Q3 earning call, we are winning new business with top customers. And these are the customers that you want us to be winning designs with. And so to win and keep these designs, we have to invest in technology as we mentioned in our last call and outstanding customer technical support. As the ramp these customers, it’s important for us to keep these customers by making this investment and also to hopefully proliferate going forward. So, that’s the thing that’s driving our margins this year versus last.
Geoff Ribar: And at this time, we remain, Sterling, committed to sustainable profitability of the company, but we are not guiding beyond 2015 at this point.
Geoff Ribar: Yes. Mahesh, I guess two points, we said in the later part of the year and when we give guidance we include everything we know at that time we give guidance and want to give that guidance.
Geoff Ribar: We will announce more details when we are ready to announce those details. So for this time I think we have said what we want to.
Geoff Ribar: Well, of course every company right has focus in those types of things, but the investment that we are making is to support these market shaping customers.
Geoff Ribar: Yes. So again, as we said before everything we know we include in guidance on what we are doing. And right now we are only guiding 2015, right. We have this great opportunity that we are executing on and that’s what we are concentrating on.
Geoff Ribar: Yes. I mean we don’t breakout our hardware businesses, I think again I think what Lip-Bu said this is a sector of growing business. As the complexity goes up and people design more complex products and the increasing importance of this business to this system companies.
Geoff Ribar: Cash flow pretty much models the percentage of revenue we have in different places. And so it would be about 45% of our cash flow approximately is onshore which is about our U.S. revenue.
Geoff Ribar: So at this stage, we don’t breakout hardware margins and we don’t breakout our hardware business. Clearly we hope our next box will have better margins.
Geoff Ribar: Sure. So approximately, 10% of our revenue is in Japan and that’s mostly denominated in yen. So that will have impact – potential impact on us. Of our costs, most of our costs are in U.S. But we do have substantial cost in various different currencies around the world. And that would benefit us with the stronger dollar and hurt us with the weaker dollar. In Q4 essentially, FX had a modest impact on our financial results and that was a pretty big place or pretty volatile results. I think the one other caution always we put out there is of course, even the dollar base business internationally can have an impact right as the exchange rates change right up or down. So for us relatively modest in Q4, it is the caution for 2015 for us.
Geoff Ribar: And I think I would again point out it was 40% growth and in the second half of the year that growth actually was accelerating, I am not saying accelerating over 40%. We saw a stronger growth in the second half. And we do expect strong single-teen growth in IP over the next few years.
Geoff Ribar: Yes, so Jay, obviously we are not – we don’t breakout the details of where our bookings come from or not. Again everything we know, we put into our bookings guidance. We have had a couple of great bookings years in a row and the book to bill in 2015 is 1.12. So we are pretty happy with how that sets up. Backlog when we leave the year we will grow at approximately 9% at midpoint of both the revenue growth and the bookings growth and as you know strong backlog leads to the revenue growth in the future.
Geoff Ribar: Jay, our focus is always on value, first and foremost, on value. Value gives you opportunities to capture more value for us and provide more value to the customers. We use a variety of techniques, including some you mentioned and we are focused on that, but it fundamentally comes down always to us. If we are providing the value, the pricing environment will be good for us.
Geoff Ribar: Sure. And we believe overall that the EDA industry can go faster than economy can grow generally. And then we also believe we can outgrow the industry over time. This is especially true as we build our leadership position in some of the innovative products that we are working on. And of course you can have all the caveats about the economic conditions and those types of things. But again, we believe the EDA can grow faster than the economy and we can grow faster than EDA.
Geoff Ribar: I think you can look at what our competitors have already guided to, but we believe our numbers are going we believe faster than they were going and are great competitors, but we are growing quite well and doing quite well.
Geoff Ribar: Actually the margins are the operating margin we guided at 25% right so I think that’s the major issue, its actually isn’t down, again as we said we are focused on winning these key customers and sustaining now that we have won these customers again we already have the proof point so we want to invest to have the best technology and the best technical support going forward. There is little bit impact by share count on EPS year-over-year, but the operating margin is actually unchanged from year-to-year.
Geoff Ribar: We are not going to give any details right now on emulation when we are ready we’ll talk about it then.
Geoff Ribar: Obviously, we are not guiding margin, right, any change on margin. Everything that we know is included in the numbers already when we guide 2015. And you are correct on last year.
Geoff Ribar: So, it’s up from 2014 to 2015. It is a little bit less than we had in 2013. Biggest reason is going to be cash taxes over the period of time. Again, we are quite happy with the progress from ‘14 to ‘15, up from $319 million to $350 million.
Geoff Ribar: This is headcount. These are engineers, technical salespeople, those types of people. That is our investment. We don’t have material investments in facilities, the $40 million we spend on capital expenditure, it covers everything. So, these are people.
Geoff Ribar: Sure. I mean, as I said, it’s largely the mix between foreign and U.S. income on a going forward basis. With the exception in Japan, our foreign business continues to grow and become a more important part. We haven’t actually looked at that tax rate for a number of years. And again, if you look at our cash taxes, which you can see in our Qs and Ks, they are materially less than even this tax rate we are projecting.
Lip-Bu Tan: And Sterling, this is Lip-Bu. Just to add on that, clearly, we are winning the new business with shaping, market-shaping customer at the most advanced node. Those are the most demanding customer and they are really in the appeal. That meant that we had to work hard and meet their exact design requirement and that will make over time our solution to be the best in the world. And this is very compelling value proposition and that I think other customers will pay attention to it. So, I think winning, keeping this type of business require additional customer support and this is a decision that we make so that we can scale with this customer proliferating across that customer requirement. And then this will be enhanced and our – invest in our business with other customers. So, I think this is a very important point I just want to emphasize.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I think that – Sterling, I think – first of all, I think the investments are highly leveragable across customers. That will provide the leadership and market share as a key driver for success for our business going forward. And I am confident if we execute and then successful in the long-term and are proliferating our product more in the winning customer, marquee customer and also the next level of customer will be also embraced, that in the end, it will benefit in our shareholders.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. As I mentioned in my remarks and clearly this is next-generation hardware platform, we are very excited about it, because it’s very scalable enterprise architecture and we are very thoughtfully and I will think through an architect that way and is turning out to be the call of the very compelling hardware roadmap that over the years we will have a shorter period of upgrading and significantly expanding our Palladium family. And so we are excited about it. And I know this is very thoughtful architect in a very scalable way and it took a little bit longer, but I think eventually the customer will benefit a lot. And we are excited, in fact we are engaging with some of the key customer they love it.
Lip-Bu Tan: And I think it’s very important point, clearly we will announce details when we are ready to announce and more important we sell and we ship what we have.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. I think first of all I think that clearly hardware emulation become more and more important as I mentioned earlier the complexity of design and also the shorter time to market. And so clearly there is a growing need for the whole verification. We mentioned prior a lot about our verification development suite and entirety in terms of as you recall we bought Jasper, we bought Forte. And then we have very strong incisive and very strong VIP. And then we also had the hardware emulation, we have hybrid and we have the FPGA for the acceleration. This entire suite is really growing very nicely for us. And so I think all in all, I think overall the market is strong is a double-digit growth and because this is a critical part bottleneck of the time to market for a lot of system company, a lot of semiconductor company and they really need to really have the best verification suite to provide and we have entire suite to support them.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. So, Rich let me address these questions. So clearly China is emerging opportunity for order players and clearly they are organized, they have a very big fund set aside to invest. Clearly they see semiconductor as a very big market for all of us, I mean 52% of semiconductor are consumed in China and going to be growing to 60%. So it’s the market that we all pay attention to. And clearly its not just noise they already made things happen. They bought Spectrum took it private. They bought RDA took it private. They bought Montauk took it private. They just competed [indiscernible] packaging from Singapore publicly stood as private. They already announced omni-visions and more coming. And so clearly there is opportunity for all of us. Make sure that all those designs will be using the flow – design flow and the complexity and they are also starting to become very valuable and appreciate the IP business. So it’s a great opportunity for all the EDA players and we are also very excited.
Lip-Bu Tan: So let me get started, this is Lip-Bu. And as I mentioned earlier IP is a great business for us and is growing very rapidly. We are very well positioned for further growth. Clearly, there is opportunity in the whole design IP area with clearly the DDR, low-power DDR, PCIe product and that’s why we are now moving a lot into the FinFET design in the most advanced node 16-nanometer, 14-nanometer and 10-nanometer. Adding new nodes is always a new opportunity for player to compete for. We are delighted. We are winning head to head in multiple cases. And in the most advanced 10-nanometer we won and in fact the largest IP contract to-date and with the largest – one of our largest top customer. And then beside the design IP also we have a very strong VIP. We are clearly the market leader. And we provide a very comprehensive verification IP. And then we also now have a very good IP from Tensilica. And clearly there is a lot of because of this programmable and because of the low-power and there is a lot of opportunity not just for the baseband, for mobile, for imaging, for computer vision related area and ADAS for automotive. So there is a lot of opportunity that we should really go after. And so I think all in all, we are excited. Right now the last quarter Q4 already 11% of our revenue, it will continue to grow. And we are very excited about this addition. And a lot of customers embrace us, because we have something very unique in term of our portfolio that we can support them in their design and time to market.
Lip-Bu Tan: Jay, good questions and so a couple of points, I think clearly from the customer engagement, we are heavily engaged, clearly indicate that the digital implementation as you currently pointed out is the biggest 10 market. Clearly we have a very good, better solutions in terms of power performance area. And then faster runtimes and that’s why you reflect a lot of success we have. And we will now continue to drive success and then proliferate and some other wins and so that we can gain more shares. And then also across all the different verticals, in mobile we are making tremendous progress on that wireless, automotive, IOT. And so you mentioned earlier not just on that signoff tool, we already have to engage with a deep, important customer, the new place and route in synthesis. Over time, we are going to be announced when it’s ready to announce, but we are already engaged. And they see what we have, they are extremely excited. And clearly, when you moved on the geometry to 14, 16 and 10 and beyond, they are always looking for anything that’s better power performing area. And the run time is critical for them. And then, so all of this is exciting for us. And the other part is clearly the whole system design enablement strategy part of that important synergy is the IP and also our PCB system level in term of analysis. And that’s why the Sigrity has come in handy and really helpful in term of engaging with the system company, because they really care about time to market. They care about to optimize the power performance. And so I think all-in-all, it’s going to be exciting for us. And in terms of IOT and the others, fast growing area and our mixed signal come in really handy and because of our analog, the uniqueness, performance and scalability and this become – that’s why we highlight the mixed signal, at the analog side we are growing at 9%. That is very significant goal. And we see a lot of excitement on that. So, all-in-all, I think this whole system design enablement, look at it from the system level, how to design the product and then from all the way from tool IP to packaging and the whole system enablement, the analysis is critical for them and with our unique position to drive success here and that’s why we had a lot of success and a lot of momentum. Stay tuned, I think we will continue to execute.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, Jay, it’s a good question. Our job is basically to provide the best tool for the customer win and then they have a differentiation. So, we work with all the customer from geographic customer to the leading customer in the vertical market, they are in. By saying that clearly, we see couple of big trends happening. One is the system company become more and more important in term of our revenue on our business and many of them decided to go vertical, integrated, moving to the silicon level to optimize other level. We are heavily engaging and we are very well-positioned on that. And then secondly clearly, we are paying attention to the company to have the unique offering and then how can we help them to really amplify that unique offering or the design that they have. So, we are heavily engaging in their design methodology, in the design capability and what their uniqueness, so that we can really engage and help them to shine. And so across the board – and there are some great companies in Japan and I love some of those customer and likewise in Korea and same thing in China, in Taiwan and in Europe, some of the European company. We mentioned one system company depending on us on the whole verification that’s critical for them. And so I think automotive is very strong in Europe. And so I think all-in-all, we work with every company big and small and they are all important for us.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, let me start first. I think clearly that core EDA is very important for our system design enablement strategy. And this is fundamentally very important like digital analog custom, clearly this whole tool, suite and then knowing that the design, also the verification highlight quite a lot. It’s very critical for our customer success. So, that part I think is something that is the foundation. We have put a lot of effort to make sure that we provide the best tool, the best solution for our customer in the application market that they are going after. And with that, maybe Geoff can add more.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. So, I think Gus I think the advanced node is very important for us in order to take the leadership in term of product offering. The advanced node is critical. So, we are putting a lot of effort, not only the tool, the IP side to make sure that we really optimized for the 14, 16, and then now 10, 10 going to be our big nodes. And clearly, it’s an area that a lot of mobile player, the key player are driving the 10-nanometer. And then later on, the whole cloud data center will be also driving that because of some of the performance requirement they need to get there. And so in all, I think we are putting a lot of resources to drive across the board and not really concentrate on one or two customers. So, we want to make sure that our tools are optimized, ready, when the customer ready to port and then we can be very stable, scalably provide them the best tool that they need. And saying that, we are heavily engaging with other key leading foundry partners and then make sure that our tool support and drive some of the leading customer they are driving the 10-nanometer. And that’s a lot of challenges, the double-patterning, triple-patterning, there is a lot of power issue and a lot of cost issue. I mean, those are the things, the yield issue. So, we have all worked together with the leading partners to drive success, because if everybody able to solve the problem, able to begin in the last volume, in good quality yield, good for anyone and good for the industry. And we think that as industry issue that we should really drive and contribute to the success of the 10-nanometer and beyond.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. Couple of points clearly the 14-nanometer and 16-nanometer is very important. If you look at TSMC in terms of their forecast I think it is very important, a lot of volume there, but clearly the 10-nanometer, the main reason as it is going to be a long node because 7 and 5 is unclear and EUV timing is unclear. And the complexity is unclear and also the benefit is unclear. And so I think clearly the leading customer for us, we really want to work with the leading customer, when leading customer telling us 10-nanometer is important to them. We are out to help them to make sure that our tool are optimized and then drive the 10-nanometer success. I think what I’m trying to say is 14, 16 will have a lot of volume, but 10-nanometer will be longer because when you restart to 10 when you see the 7-nanometer is unclear the timetable and that is going to be long, just 20, 18 clearly it’s a long node because not many application are able to drive the benefit when you moved out of 14 and 6 because some of the cost reduction may not happen. So you really need to kind of see what application really needed. And that's why we work very close with the customer understanding what they need. And we recommend then what the process nodes should be focused on. So that they can plan for the next generation product, should they stay in this node, or should they go one more node in advance. So they are facing all our customer, they are in the debates nodes and that's why we need to be well in advance to advice them as a trusted partner to helping them to succeed.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. I think the systems company become more and more important to us and also tying very well with our system design enablement strategy. We’re engaging with them in the very early part of the decision and as you know most of them are very other good friend of mine and so in the way we can listen to them, see what they need and then many of them from mobile to cloud data center and to the e-commerce and even to the social media clearly the traffic and the volume they need is tremendous to manage. And some point in time they need to really optimize for their own architecture and that’s where the part and how to connect those platform into the big either e-commerce payment platform. And so that we need to know what they're looking for and what are their bottleneck and their pinpoint and how can we be helpful as a partner to provide them the solution so they can optimize all levels. And so that is what a trusted partner for and we want to be that partner.
Lip-Bu Tan: This is Lip-Bu. Let me highlight couple of points. I think clearly some of this customer are very demanding customer. And then clearly when they are shifting their tool, that’s a lot of handholding and familiarize and then so a lot of engineering support to make sure that they can convert effectively. And then also we can proliferate across the account. And then the other part is clearly, we continue to drive efficiency productivity, that’s something that Geoff and I would have been driving as an organization continue to drive efficiency. And then so overall the net increase we are going to be managing according to our budget and plan that the forecast that we put together.
Lip-Bu Tan: In closing, I would like to recognize our hardworking employees for the results we have achieved and thank all our shareholders, customers and partners for their support. Thank you all for joining us this afternoon.
