John Wall: Thanks, Anirudh, and good afternoon, everyone. I'm pleased to report we exceeded all of our key operating metrics for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2021. The underlying strength in demand for our essential technology and solutions continues to drive consistent growth across the business. A strong finish to 2021, combined with our relentless focus on innovation, customer success and inclusive employee culture and continued execution, helped Cadence to achieve revenue growth of 11% and the fifth consecutive year of non-GAAP incremental margin of greater than 50%, which contributed to an increase in our operating cash flow to $1.1 billion for the year. Here are some highlights from the fourth quarter and the year, starting with the P&L. Total revenue was $773 million for the quarter and $2.988 billion for the year. Non-GAAP operating margin was approximately 36% for the quarter and 37% for the year. GAAP EPS was $0.63 for the quarter and $2.50 for the year. And non-GAAP EPS was $0.82 for the quarter and $3.29 for the year. Next, turning to the balance sheet and cash flow. Our cash balance was $1.09 billion at year-end, while the principal value of debt outstanding was $350 million. Operating cash flow in the fourth quarter was $216 million and $1.10 billion for the full year. DSOs were 40 days and we repurchased $61 million of Cadence shares during the year. Before I provide commentary for Q1 and fiscal 2022, I'd like to take a moment to share the assumptions embedded in our outlook. Our outlook assumes a non-GAAP tax rate of 17.5%. At the midpoint of our 2022 outlook, we are assuming our annual upfront revenue percentage will increase slightly from 2021 to 2022. This is primarily due to higher upfront revenue in Q1, resulting from a very strong hardware bookings finish to 2021. And finally, our outlook assumes that the export limitations that exist today will remain in place for all of 2022. Embedding these assumptions into our outlook for fiscal 2022, we expect revenue in the range of $3.32 billion to $3.38 billion, non-GAAP operating margin of 37.5% to 39%, GAAP EPS in the range of $2.46 to $2.56, non-GAAP EPS in the range of $3.70 to $3.80, operating cash flow in the range of $1.15 billion to $1.25 billion. And we expect to use at least 50% of our free cash flow to repurchase Cadence shares in 2022. For Q1 2022, we expect revenue in the range of $850 million to $870 million. Non-GAAP operating margin of 40% to 41%, GAAP EPS in the range of $0.70 to $0.74, non-GAAP EPS in the range of $1 to $1.04. And we expect to repurchase approximately $250 million of Cadence shares in Q1. Our CFO commentary, which is available on our website, includes our outlook for additional items, as well as further analysis and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations. In conclusion, I would like to take a moment to acknowledge the entire Cadence team for continuously improving our 3-year revenue growth CAGR and delivering over 50% incremental margin for 5 years in a row. As a result of the compounding impact of all their efforts, I am pleased that at the midpoint of our outlook, we expect revenue growth of 12% and over 38% non-GAAP operating margin for 2022. As always, I'd like to close by thanking our customers, partners and our employees for their continued support. And with that, operator, we'll now take questions.
John Wall: Yes, Joe, I would add to that, that if you look at the CFO commentary on Page 5, we've outlined the 3-year revenue CAGR by product category. I find that the most interesting view for me because it's typically 1 contract cycle with customers. And if you look at how we finish 2021, you have kind of strong double-digit growth across all lines of business with the exception of Custom IC, which is high single-digit growth. Looking at the guide that we have for 2022. I'm expecting slight improvement on all of those, for 2022 over 2021. The one I've hedged back a little bit with IP. I've got low teens growth in the guide for IP for 2022. There may be upside to that, but right now, I feel comfortable with low teens.
John Wall: Yes, I can take that Anirudh. So on that, Joe, the -- yes, I think you're right to assume that. So we're expecting a very strong Q1. And we have a lot of visibility into core EDA. We continue to expect like double-digit growth there. I called out IP. IP, we typically aim for low teens. If you look at the three-year CAGR, we've achieved mid-teens in that, but we typically aim for low teens, because we're looking for the highest level of sustainable, profitable revenue growth there. I don't want to give the team the opportunity to walk away from some business if it's not the profitable nature we want. And then on system analysis, we've typically driven to kind of high teens there. Yes, I kind of expect that. The challenge is probably on -- in terms of visibility, it's on the upfront business. On the functional verification side, on the hardware side, it's tough to have visibility into the second half of the year until we get to the summer.
John Wall: Yes, Charles, good observation there. Yes. I mean, we're very pleased with the fact that operating – our incremental margins have come through at over 50% for 5 years running now. It's actually averaged 55% over those 5 years. And I'm delighted that the start for this year, I think the incremental margin that we've included or embedded in our outlook on the initial guide is the highest of the record incremental margin for Cadence on our outlook. So we're certainly targeting to try and drive that up to 50% and higher again for this year. But naturally, that as long as we're driving incremental margins that are higher than the underlying margin, we'll continue to see operating margin expand.
John Wall: Jackson, this is John. That's one of the easier ones to forecast given that we're mostly recurring revenue in that segment. And like you said, we've embedded high-teen growth into the guide there. Like I say, most of this coming from recurring revenue.
John Wall: Yes. Good question, Gary. I mean -- so generally, in terms of duration, it was typically within our normal range. We typically have -- most of our customers are predominantly on a three-year baseline contract. And then they'll do add-ons throughout the contract that co-terminate and that generally results in roughly two-and-a-half-year kind of average duration. And if you look over contracts, I think, we're always in and around the two-and-a-half years on a weighted average over kind of a three-year booking time frame. Yes, RPO was up, I mean, very, very strong finish to the year. We ended up at the $4.4 billion. And the only thing that was unusual, I called out in my prepared remarks because I wanted to make sure that you understood that there was a slightly higher kind of upfront revenue percentage in the guide than in the prior year. Typically, I mean we say, what, 85% to 90% of our revenue is recurring generally, which means that's, what, 10% to 15% is upfront. Last year, it was 88% was recurring, 12% was upfront in the 350, it's actually 87% recurring and 13% upfront, 1% higher in upfront revenue, but a lot of that's falling into Q1, and that's why we have a strong Q1.
John Wall: Yes, I definitely think it's going to be a historic year. I mean you can see from the guide in the in the CFO commentary that the 3-year CAGR continues to accelerate. I think we're -- with the 12% revenue growth embedded in the guide for 2022, our 3-year CAGR is naturally rounding up to 13%, when we achieved 12% this year. Now it's off of the back of a strong Q1. The second half of the year is tougher to predict for hardware. So that's why I kind of modeled it out at 50% of our revenue falling in the first half versus second half. If we see the demand continue to flow through into the second half, then that will take the guide up. But it's -- but it's tough to see that right now because typically our visibility in hardware and the pipeline is about 6 months. So I mean, that's basically how we constructed the outlook.
John Wall: So on -- can you hear me? Yes. So on the buyback side, our first priority for cash is invest in organic R&D. And then to a lesser extent, it's kind of smaller tuck-in M&A that gives us an opportunity to accelerate our road map. But when we -- after that, we look at repurchasing shares and we look to use our free cash flow. Traditionally, we've been using over 50% or around 50% of free cash flow to repurchase shares every year. I expect that we'll do at least 50% this year. As I said in the prepared remarks, we're planning to repurchase $250 million worth of shares in Q1, and that's a lot more than 50%. And that's just we're taking the opportunity to repurchase shares at the prices that we see today. In relation to your observation on free cash flow, I mean, some of that’s the timing of cash. We received a lot of cash in the last week of last year, but also in 2022, we're picking up some additional or extra cash taxes. There was -- as a result of -- there was a provision of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 that went into effect on January 1, 2022, that required companies to capitalize and amortize or decost rather than expense those costs has occurred as incurred. That creates a bit of an extra cash or tax burden for us in 2022, and we've embedded that into the guidance.
Anirudh Devgan: Yes, Joe, this is a great question and let me start and John can comment more. I think what I would like say is that, we feel that all business groups in all product areas and all regions are performing well at this time. So we feel pretty good where we are in the design activity we see. So we are expecting good growth across our portfolio. And I think we feel good how we are positioned.
Anirudh Devgan: Richard, I think what we say is that about 45% of our revenue is coming from system companies versus semi companies. And over the years, that has increased -- it used to be 40% now trending towards 45%. And as you know, there is more and more system companies doing silicon and semi companies are becoming more system companies and system companies are becoming more semi companies. So that is a good trend for us and for the industry. And the other thing is our product portfolio is also adding, as you know, more system design and analysis products, that makes us work more with the system company. So that's a trend that is positive, and I expect to be extra positive for Cadence for the future.
Anirudh Devgan: Yes, that's a great question. And what I would like to say is, I'm really excited about this partnership with Dassault because this is like 2 leaders in their respective spaces coming together to address the problem that I think is becoming more and more important, and that's where the industry is going. So as you know, the market is moving towards a megatronics, combination of mechanical and electronic with software and data and talk and then silicon driving all these engines. And we – and then when you come from the mechanical side, right, whether it's a car or a washing machine or an airplane, the first electronics you see is the PCB. And then the chip, I mean on the package and the chip. So with Allegro with our position in Allegro, it gives us a great platform and then, of course, there’s a chip and a package solution and then with Dassault, they are the leader in 3D mechanical design and with product life cycle management. So this is a natural combination of doing a seamless integration of the data and also the application that span now from -- all the way from concept to design to manufacture. So it's truly a broad-ranging partnership and it's a multiyear partnership, and we are in the beginning of it. And to your specific question on electromagnetics, that's the one specific application that we have and we are developing, but there are a lot of things that Dassault does, which are completely orthogonal to what Cadence is and our plans are, things like 3D mechanical design, things like their leadership in product life cycle management. So I think, there's a good synergy between the two leaders coming together to address this whole space of mechanical plus electronic systems.
Anirudh Devgan: Yes, Jay, I mean, as you know, I think, we are -- like you said, the R&D spending is including semi and the other thing just to point out is, all the system companies doing semi design, okay? That is also adding to this -- and also, our portfolio is increasing beyond traditional semi to system design and analysis like we discussed. So I think all these factors are contributing to the strength. And I don't see any -- we see a lot of design activity continuing to be very, very strong across multiple regions, across multiple verticals. So we feel pretty good as to where we are and where the market is growing. On the second part of your question in terms of integration. So we always believe that we have to provide a complete solution. I mean, our industry has to move beyond point tools that used to happen 5, 10 years ago to more of these comprehensive solutions. And we have driven that across all segments, whether it's digital implementation starting from 2015 to verification for now system design and analysis. And also, at the same time, partner with the right leaders as it makes sense, like we did with MATLAB a few years ago and now with Dassault. Now in terms of return, I think there are a lot of areas which are growing. The whole 3D-IC and chiplet-based design, I think that's growing nicely and the whole notion of integrity and the overall solution together with analysis and implementation can provide a good factor. There's a whole hardware platform, Palladium and Protium with a common compiler and then integration with the rest of the verification suite, I think this still has a lot of legs to go a lot of growth can happen there. And then the third area I would highlight is truly excited is the Cadence Cerebrus and this integration of AI driving chip design. I think we are still in the early innings and results are phenomenal. And I think that can provide a lot of growth going forward. So just to pick like these 3 top things, Jay, to highlight with 3D-IC design being one of them, the whole verification and software bring up being another one and an AI-based design and Cerebrus being the third one.
Anirudh Devgan: Yes. So Jay, this is a wide-ranging arrangement like you said, and it will start with enterprise and then go to the other parts of the market.
Anirudh Devgan: Yes, let me take that on the hardware business. I mean, I think there are 2 big trends, I would say, that are helping us. One is the market is growing. I more hardware-based verification and software bring up is increasing. And this is true for multiple verticals because as we said, like more semi companies become system companies, then more system companies become semi-company, of course, the reason there are system companies is they have a software stack, right? So you have to develop the chip and also bring up software. So I think one thing is that the overall market is increasing. The second thing, I think our competitive position is improving tremendously on top of that. So in the old days, we wouldn't participate that much in the prototyping side, and we are more on the Palladium side, but now with the combination of Palladium and Protium and these brand-new systems and we feel pretty strongly in terms of how well we are positioned in the market. So I think the market is growing and our position with Palladium and Protium together with the new system is pretty good. So I think that, it's difficult to predict in terms of -- like your exact question of how far into it, but it still appears to me that both of these are net positive. The market will continue to expand over the next few years, and we feel pretty good about our market position there.
Anirudh Devgan: Yes, that's a good question, and you already have several key observations there in the question. So I think AI, we are still in the early innings, but the demand for Cadence Cerebrus and the AI solutions is phenomenal. Actually, at this point, we are engaged with almost all of our major customers. So I think if you look forward like 12 to 24 months, it's not a question – it will not be a question of who is using AI-driven design is like who's not using. So I think most of our top customers are moving towards that. And we are seeing phenomenal results. I mean, some of the numbers we mentioned like 10% power savings; 20%, timing. I mean these are numbers that you typically get when you move from one process node to another process node. And we are able to get these kind of improvement purely on results of better algorithms and AI and mathematics. So I think the value proposition is very well understood and recognized by all our customers. The engagements are there across all regions and across all verticals. And I think it's just like to give analogy to driving a car. Once you get used to more automated cars, people are not going back to driving cars the old way. So I think the new way will be AI and Cerebrus being the primary driver of how people will design chips. And the benefits are significant. And mostly in productivity to the customers, can do more things with the same number of engineers in PPA and also geographically, sometimes we have different skill level in different geographies and all that can be kind of made better with these Cerebrus kind of solutions. So I'm very optimistic. I think the demand is through the roof and the solutions are providing real meaningful results. So, actually, I expect almost all customers will move towards this as the way to run our digital full flow. And the other thing I would like to add is that, even though we started Cerebrus with digital, the similar technologies can be applied to other parts of the design flow. So overall, I think this can provide a pretty big benefit to the industry.
Anirudh Devgan: I think the promise is there. We just have to see how much of the design process is taken over by AI. And, I mean, the other thing is that, the other good thing with Cerebrus is that, when we run these things, when a human is running, they run like one -- like, one experiment at a time typically. But when Cerebrus done it mathematically, we typically run 10, 20 machines in parallel and each of them may have like 16 CPUs or 32. So we're running hundreds of CPUs or thousands of CPUs and multiple design iterations in parallel. So it's not like driving one car automatically. It's like driving 10 cars automatically in parallel and finding what is the best way to get from point A to point B. So that naturally consumes more licenses, and I think its good value that our customers are getting. Now in terms of the CAGR and all, we just have to see. I mean, I think it's promising. We just have to see, and we don't want to project too much until we actually see what it's doing to the license counts and utilization? And what percentage of design teams are moving to a purely AI-driven flow. So I think we will update you more over the next 12 to 24 months. But the process is there, but we have to see the uptick, yes.
Anirudh Devgan: Yes. So that Cerebrus is a new product. So of course, we have to make sure that the base products are good and best-in-class, right? So the Innovus platform in gene is the whole digital flow. And then Cerebrus is additional capability and products that we provide to our customers and so its add on sale top of that. But I think it's important to make sure not just the AI part is good, but the base tool is also good. And typically, the customers will -- when they would run Cerebrus, they run multiple copies like I mentioned, of Innovus or our digital full flow.
Anirudh Devgan: Yes, absolutely. That's a great observation. So because when you run Cerberus mathematically, it is running like 10 or 20 experiments in parallel. And when you're running it manually, you are running 1 or 2 experiments. So naturally, it is increasing the use of the base product, like you mentioned.
Anirudh Devgan: Yes, that's a good question. Now in general, Ulta has multiple aspects to it, right? There's the semiconductor design of it. And I think Cadence historically, because we have both, we have analog mixed-signal and digital verification. We have traditionally done well with the auto companies like the semiconductor ecosystem of the auto company, okay? Because we always had the broadest portfolio and auto chips are naturally mixed signal. Now I think as we have more of these new products like CFD or system analysis, auto is a very important segment for that, too, which is beyond just a semiconductor component. This is actual physical car and the electromagnetics and the thermal dynamics of that. And last quarter, we talked about, for example, Tesla being one of our key customers. So I think auto for overall system analysis market is a very important market. I mean, I think the 3 big markets there are our auto and aero and defense and then high-tech electronics, which includes, of course, the semiconductor and the hyperscalers. So I think all these 3 markets are important. And as we expand our system portfolio, we want to make sure we do well in all 3 of them, like, for example, pointwise, acquisition we made is particularly strong in aero and defense. So I think the -- to answer your question, we have been traditionally strong in the semi part of the auto and now with the expanded product, we have opportunity to engage on the overall auto including the mechanical and the system design. And also this partnership with Dassault amplifies that connection beyond semi to more system and software connection.
Anirudh Devgan: Yes. So I think the way I would says that, I think, we always want to make sure we address the whole range of process technology. So we always are working at the most advanced nodes. And I think that's going very well and there is more and more investment in demand for that. And we are working at three-nanometer and most of the R&D like two-nanometer. We always were more than more, right, with traditional legacy nodes and then now with RF and 3D-IC. In 3D-IC and chiplet-based design, one of the key things is that, as you know, the customers and mix -- can mix process node, not everything has to be a 3-nanometer, maybe some chips are at 3-nanometer, some are at 7-nanometer. So I think the key thing from Cadence standpoint is to have a very broad solution that addresses the chiplet and 3D-IC part, the most advanced digital part and the mainstream legacy nodes. And as the customers make different choices, which is best for their end markets and economics, we are in a position to support them fully. So what I would like to say is that, I mean, there is more and more divergence of how the customers put the systems together with advanced node and legacy nodes and chiplet. And I think we are in the best position to provide the solutions for the entire set and that the customers choose how they want to use it and we'll be there to support them in whatever choices they make in terms of process node and foundries and design with the dollar.
Anirudh Devgan: Thank you all for joining us this afternoon. It's an exciting time for Cadence as we enter 2022, with strong business momentum and a thriving semiconductor and system industry, offering tremendous market opportunity. Our intelligent system design strategy, relentless execution and customer-first mindset is driving accelerating growth as we continue expanding our portfolio with new innovative solutions. We are proud of the innovative and inclusive culture we have built at Cadence and are grateful for the recognition we have received over the years. And on behalf of our employees and our Board of Directors, for their continued trust and confidence in Cadence. Thank you.
