JohnWall: Hey, thanks for the question. Gary, it's probably a multi part question. But yes, I guess in terms of the collections, we had collections windfall of $26 million in the second half, most of which came in Q4, and some of those invoices were very old, which meant that $22 million of the $26 million was recognized in revenue before the end of the year, and that was in relation to, if you recall, in the middle of the year, during the pandemic, we had some smaller customers that weren't able to pay us, and we reserved for those. And we help them out that our engineers and team at Cadence were determined to help them out whether they were paying us or not, but some of those customers turned around and managed to survive, and we weren't sure if they would. But -- so that collections windfall kind of distorted, maybe some of the revenue timing in the quarters during the year, but didn't really impact -- that $26 million didn’t really impact the year, because originally we had it in the year, then we took it out in the middle of the year, and then like that $22 million of that $26 million got collected and got recognized. In relation to the extra week, we thought that was going to be $45 million, and it was but the extra week, of course was a 2% tailwind for -- in terms of helping us achieve 50% on the Rule of 40 in 2020, and what was the 2% tailwind in 2020 is a 2% headwind now in 2021, when we go from a 53-week year to a 52-week year. And then, I guess we had a really strong second half in China. I mean when I stepped back from individual quarters and halves, but I would say this, our business is very strong in all regions. And across all of the product categories, the three-year revenue target CAGR, they're up to 11% now in 2020, and at the midpoint it's 11% for 2020 -- at the midpoint of our outlook for 2021. That's 11%, too. So, we're already off to a very strong start, as well as in the first half of 2021, but it's too early really to say that it's not sustainable in the longer term. So the second half, we have kind of muted revenue guidance. When I looked at the second half of 2020 in China, what I noticed was that we had a higher-than-normal proportion of upfront revenue in our recurring revenue mix for the region in China. For our Outlook in 2021, I've assumed we’d return to our usual recurring revenue mix in the region. And that along with the fact that we won last week in the second half in 2021 versus the 2020, that’s what contributes to the like conservative revenue growth outlook for the second half.
JohnWall: So Gary, your system analysis business is doing great, I mean bookings and revenue grew strongly in 2020. The operating margin profile is better than EDA, which allows us to invest in the business where we're generating strong incremental margins that improve our overall operating leverage. In relation to NUMECA, when we issued the original press release, we highlighted that the impact to 2021 is pretty immaterial, it's pending, we expect it to close, it's imminent in terms of close, I would expect it to close this week. And as usual, of course, we'd expect purchase accounting rules to initially limit the revenue that we can recognize on NUMECA in the first year, so we expect that to be temporarily dilutive to earnings in 2021, and that's already embedded in our outlook. So, from that perspective, we don't have anywhere near as much revenue in 2021, as you're expecting.
JohnWall: Yes, Mitch and to the second part of your question there that, like I say there's a higher than normal profitability, I think, for us in the system analysis business, and it's been growing really fast for us. I mean if I look at incremental margins, I call it my prepared remarks this, where we're at -- it's a midpoint of our outlook for 2021, we're expecting our non GAAP operating margin to grow by about $550 million over the five year period from since 2016. And that's about 51% of the revenue growth if you calculate the revenue growth over that period of time, and then when I compare the midpoint outlook for 2021, against to 2019, I did the same exercise and I got 51% again before the impact of NUMECA, with NUMECA it kind of takes it just down under 50%.
JohnWall: And Pradeep I would that there, that's the -- like if you step back from looking at any individual quarter or half, and you look at the three year CAGR, I think our growth is accelerating across all regions in our outlook for 2021.
JohnWall: When we have more hardware in any one quarter in any one region, you're going to have a higher mix of upfront revenue in that region in that quarter. And we saw that with a strong Q3 for in the functional verification space and a lot of that strength within China. And when I was looking for signs of a pulling in Q3, and to try and figure out that, was there some acceleration of purchasing that came out at 2021, or did it come out of Q4, where people just preparing with the pandemic, where they're just trying to get their hardware delivered earlier for fears of delays due to the pandemic, but and then what we looked at I was waiting for the view of the pipeline, pipeline for 2021 is very strong. And when I look at that, and compared it to one and a half of what was different about the second half of 2020, for China, what I did notice is because of that hardware, but we had a higher mix of upfront revenue in the region in the second half than we would normally see. I'm not sure if that's sustainable. I mean, it looks like we're off to a strong start, again, in Q1. But for the purposes of determining an outlook for 2021, I assume that sort of a safe is to assume a return to our usual recurring revenue mix, which could prove to be conservative for the second half. But I'd rather go with outlook, assuming that we return to the usual recording revenue mix, than assume that that's growth that we saw on the second half of 2020 continues. I mean, if it does, when we have increased visibility into revenue, the second half, we can update our outlook at that time when we see it. But I just I didn't want to go with too stronger second half right now until I have a clear visibility into the pipeline into the second half.
JohnWall: Good question. I mean, we don't -- we're not guiding by individual product category. But if you see, if you look at the three year CAGR for 2018-19 and 2020 on that, you see that don't change dramatically year-over-year, particularly on the three year CAGR view but the books -- the ones you call the IP and system design analysis are kind of are the smaller dollar values but so they have the benefit of growing from smaller numbers. And in the past, we've seen those go faster, but in relation to new products that I think that the amount of innovation that we've seen and new product releases and preparation that we've seen from the R&D group They haven't slowed down at all. If anything, they're accelerating in their new product development, even through the pandemic, which has been fantastic. But typically on an earnings release, we wouldn't announce any new products; you'll see those CDM lives, which probably start around late March, April time.
JohnWall: So John, I can take care your -- the first part of your question, then I'll pass it over to Lip-Bu. In relation to the strong first half guide, and strong first quarter guide, most of our revenue is software. And most of it's recurring revenue, we expect recurring revenue to make up 85% to 90% of our revenue for the year. So it's very, very predictable, and very, very predictable, certainly, in the near term, but where I had some difficulty was projecting what upward revenue might be out in Q3 and Q4. So the output for the second half is more conservative than the -- I mean the first half is very, very predictable in terms of great visibility into the pipeline, we're off to a really strong start in Q1 already on the upfront business, and so much that revenue is recurring in the first half but yeah we're seeing accelerating revenue growth. The challenge in the second half, of course, is we're lacking very tough comps, against the second half of 2020. And I just don't have the visibility into the upfront pipeline for Q3 and Q4 yet.
JohnWall: Again individual quarters, I wouldn't focus too heavily on any one individual quarter or even half. I mean, it was a tremendous second half for us in China. And 2020 was a strange year. I mean, with pandemic with the extra week in Q4. I mean, you'll see in Q3 we have a lot of strength in our functional verification group in Q4, you'll see the software businesses performed really, really well. Of course, it had the benefit of the extra week was a 14th week in your normal 13 week quarter but and we have one less week in the second half of 2021. But we're very, very pleased with the growth we're seeing in China. It looks like it's continuing on. We're seeing that strength continue on into Q1, the pipeline is strong seeing in the first half. I just wanted to be conservative in the outlook for the second half until I have better visibility into second half upfront revenue pipeline.
JohnWall: No, it's not. Certainly not primarily due to the NUMECA acquisition. I think in terms of expense growth, our headcount is up 8%. Our headcount increased by 8% during 2020. And we're investing heavily again and in hiring in 2021. NUMECA will come into the mix where we hope for the second half of Q1 and then the remainder of the year from an expense perspective, we expect merit to hit this, merit increases will be July again. So that will be -- you'll see a slight uptick there in expense in Q3 and Q4 and the growth and expenses through the year that would typically come from that as being offset by some more efficient infrastructure spend that we have planned as the year progresses, if you look at our 10-K that we filed, you'll see that we initiated a restructuring plan in Q4 2020 to optimize our spend on infrastructure but expense mix in 2021. I think if you compare 2021 versus 2020, you're probably seeing in 2021 we're spending more on people and less on places and we were in 2020. That's kind of driving some of the margin profile.
JohnWall: Yes, of course, Rich. But yes we collected -- we had a collection windfall of $26 million in the second half out of that $70 million, but I think the majority of the balance of the $70 million is lost. I mean, those customers have, and many of those customers have closed their doors. I think we're in single digits and millions in terms of the ones we're left tracking, that could potentially be recoverable. But right now in my outlook, I'm assuming it's not recoverable. But you're talking maybe $9 million, $10 million left over that $70 million that could possibly be recovered. But like you say, right now I'm assuming it doesn't get recovered. We recovered $26 million of the other $60 million.
LipTan: Mitch, maybe I can answer the first question first, about the system company. And then we provided end-to-end EDA portfolio. And also with our intelligent system design, we are moving up into the system analysis area and also the packaging side and then as you can tell, this generation waves in the 5G, and also the hyperscale, and then autonomous driving, and really the system companies starting to engage by actively with us, because we are providing a suite of solutions that we're looking for. So, I think it's kind of accumulation of the last 12 years continued working on it. So, we are delighted and now getting closer to the 45% of the revenue. And for them, clearly, the system, the packaging not just silicon development is critical for them, and we can provide an integrated solution for them so that they can design a complex system that they're looking for. And so, we are excited about this opportunity, and our strategy of not investing and behind it, and so we are glad to see the performance.
LipTan: I think we also have all this hyperscale guy and some of the system company service provider, they're quietly also building a semiconductor custom silicon design. And so our entire suite from the design excellent, from the EDA, IP, and then plus our system analysis plus upon acquisition we make in AWR and Integrand of providing a lot of system for the 5G and also the industrial group.
LipTan: Yes, let me answer that. It's Lip Tan. So clearly APAC is a strong growth of region for us. And then we have done well in China on Q3 and Q4. And then as you know, China is heavily investing in semiconductor industry. So in some way, now we have broad portfolio of EDA to IP, and even the system analysis, and some of the packaging, and then the 3D packaging, and it becomes critical for them. And so I think overall, we support the customer globally. And then China especially strong and we will continue to complying with the order export control requirements, but meanwhile, so far, knock on wood, we see strong momentum over there.
LipTan: Yes, so I think it's a good question. IP is tending to be lumpy. But so far, we like in and did IP outsourcing trend. And we have a strong portfolio, in terms of DDR, CIE, and also the SerDes is a must have for the hyperscale. And also some of the Tensilica in terms of audio, and also the automotive sector. So overall, we are delighted last year, it's a strong year, but as you know it's a very lumpy upfront. And so we never continue to focus on it. 
LipTan: Yes, we don't have a breakdown on that. Clearly, we are very excited in our customer and is clearly our solution provide that flexibility. And also different use model and either as a Cadence manage. And so overall, we providing EDA software and Palladium platform are the most important is providing the productivity and scalability. So I think overall, we are excited about 175 customers; we didn't pick down in terms of semiconductor or System Company, but overall, both are strong for us.
LipTan: Yes, on the second question, now let me describe, I think, is kind of exciting about this renaissance of semiconductor with the five generation waves happening at the same time, AI, machine learning or about data, data analytics, 5G, and then the cloud infrastructure has to change because all this massive data coming in, and then how do you address that network scaling, and then storage is aggregation. So it's a lot of changes to the infrastructure. And there's a lot of fueling a lot of design activity. So that's why we see a lot of design activity not just from the semiconductor players, now the system player, and then the whole industry 4.0 they all move into AI machine learning, the digital transformation that drive a lot of semiconductor. So overall, the industry is moving in the right direction to us. And meanwhile, I think clearly Cadence with intelligent system design strategy really tie in really well from the design excellence that providing the tool in IP. Now we move to the next level of system innovation that Anirudh talk about the system analysis, and of the CFD and the physics and multiphysics model, then the next thing is move up into the pervasive intelligence that using AI machine learning data analytics, drive all the vertical industry, that is major transformation going on. So I think we are well positioned to capture that opportunity.
LipTan: Now very good question. So now this is still a very early stage, we are very encouraged with 175 customers. And clearly, we want to make sure that our initial product in terms of system and analysis, we can be cloud native, because we start from scratch. And then some of the EDA tool, we have different stage of moving to cloud native. And then the really the Holy Grail is basically drive the productivity efficiency for our customer. And then our partnership with the hyperscale partners and infrastructure planners and also the foundry partners are critical in this effort. And so right now we have across small, medium, large customer embracing on cloud. And truly, I think as you can imagine, you have unlimited usage of machine server at your exposure, and then so that you can really drive the performance, productivity significantly. So I think that's as a trend we are just in the beginning early stage but we are very encouraged with the customer support in order to continue to grow, clearly, our partnership with the hyperscale partners, and also the foundry partners are critical. Because of their PDK or the different solution they have, we want to make sure that we work with them together, and support our customer, and also addressing the needs of customers.
LipTan: That's a very good question. And so I think we are very well positioned to be able to do both, and then clearly the hyperscale, mobile and they are driving a lot into the Moore's Law. And as I mentioned that we are very delighted, we have more than 100 projects on five nanometer and below process node development with our customers. And we have earlier collaborations on two nanometer process. So I think we know this is a very advanced, and we were delighted and we are very honored to work with the marquee customers that are pushing the envelope, and we're really excited about that development. On the other hand, we are so well positioned in our custom mixing, analog, and packaging, and like the 5G wireless industrial group, they are really moving into this mixed signal. And clearly the most in Moore's and so that we are very well positioned and we double down with some of this AWR and then the Integrand acquisition driving from the RF microwave requirement, especially in antennas side of some of these 5G integrations and then we have really good solution for that and customers see the benefit of working with us. So I think we are very well positioned on both sides. That's why we highlight that from our portfolio point of view. And those both engines are really taking off. And we are very excited engaging with the best company to work with us.
AnirudhDevgannd: Yes, definitely. Yes, that's a good question. So as you know, we are pretty excited about our move into system analysis, which is driven by our expertise in computation software, or numerical mathematical software. And we have a lot of expertise in that organically, as we saw in the development of clarity, which is a 3DM Solver, that been generating a lot of good results. And the second thing we are excited about is the customer synergy, a lot of customers, as we discussed, we have a lot more system companies, and they are asking for the system analysis capability, okay. And then the question becomes whether to organically develop or to acquire, and we look at the space. And in terms of system analysis, CFD is a very critical area, is one of the largest market segments with lot of vertical application, and NUMECA has very good technology, more than 450 customers. So we are pleased to welcome them to Cadence with this pending acquisition. And I think that can be used as a basis to expand further expand and expand more in R&D with our competition software strength, and expand more with our customer base. So we are very happy to use them with their expertise in CFD to expand into this very, very exciting area for us.
AnirudhDevgannd: So in terms of system analysis that is a pretty big segment, and it's about $6 billion, we estimate and the other good thing about it is that it is growing rapidly. There is always more need for more and more simulation. What the estimate is clarity in Celsius is about $800 million in addressable market, which is EM and thermal. And CFD is about 1.6. So CFD, triples are TAM from 800 to about 2.4.
AnirudhDevgannd: Yes, that's a good point. And first of all, I want to highlight that we are building out this multi physics platform. And CFD is a pretty big segment of that market. So we started with finite element and electromagnetic and then now go to CFD. And there are a lot of commonalities there. So I believe that it presents a lot of opportunities to us like we mentioned tripling our addressable market. Now there might be more in the future, we always look for that. But at the same time, the current electromagnetics and CFD already has a large market segment that we busy addressing. So the answer is yes, if some opportunities come we will systematically expand but already, that's a good opportunity for us.
AnirudhDevgannd: Yes, that's a good question. Let me take that. This is Anirudh. So like I mentioned this move is driven by three factors, right, and our strength and competition software. Our customers are asking for more and more system analysis, system design capabilities, like Lip-Bu mentioned, and the overall need for simulation. And I think we are still in the early innings. But we feel confident about this space, as demonstrated by our results in clarity and other products. And CFD is a pretty important area. I mean I think one of the biggest segments in system analysis. And the good thing about CFD, it has lots of vertical applications all the way from automotive, aero and defense all the way to medical. So I think that's a pretty significant expansion of our platform. And we are happy with this progress. We are patient and like John mentioned, this segment is profitable. So, we will continue building across this. And keep providing the best solution to our customers.
AnirudhDevgannd: Yes, thanks, Rich. It's a great question. And of course, one is developing great product. And the other is go-to-market or helping our customers deploy those products. And the second part is as important as the first part. And especially for the system business, there are multiple facets to it. In the semiconductor business, or the big, large system companies we operate mostly to a direct channel, okay. But if you remember, we also have our Allegro business, which is our packaging business, we do quite well in PCB and packaging with Allegro and Allegro does have already, we do have an indirect channel. And like Lip-Bu mentioned earlier cloud is important going forward. So for the system business, I envision three channels, we will be building three channels, one is the direct channel, because lot of the big companies and big system and semi companies, anyway wants system tools, like you mentioned, and expanding our indirect channel like we have for Allegro and expanding it to overall system design analysis. And then the SaaS channel, which are cloud based channel for, especially for smaller companies that don't have lot of data centers, and are more attractive to use on the cloud. So as we go through the system design and analysis we do have to build out these three facets of our go-to-market. And we are working all of them in different stages. But the sense of a direct channel helps us with our big customers. And then indirect and SaaS can help us with some of the smaller longtail customers. But that's a very important part of the overall go-to-market strategy.
AnirudhDevgannd: Hey, Jay. These are great questions. Well, first of all, we want to make sure that we have best in class product, right. So whether that's digital design or verification and system analysis, so we always as you know this technology business best product wins. And at the same time, have a unified platform to go with it. And this is how we did digital implementation; this is how we did verification. So both parts are important to have best in class products, whether that's a finite element, electromagnetics or CFD, and then there are opportunities to combine them in a much more unified way, especially around data like you mentioned. So I completely agree that the need for unification but we also at the same time, want to make sure first, that the products are best in class you want a unified team, but each player has to be in a strong player. But there are a lot of opportunities for data platforms and analytics, like the Lip-Bu also mentioned earlier. Now, in terms of your first question of new methodologies, I mean, there are several things happening, if I have to pick one or two key things that are happening, what we see with the customers. So one big trend, which you probably already know is this move to 3D-IC, I think this is going to be significant for next several years. And it just changed a lot of methodologies in our customer base. And this is multiple, high end digital chips, or even analog RF chips on a package. And that I think is driving a lot of change, especially in cloud, in hyper scalar companies all the way to Consumer Company. And we do have historically a lot of strength in package, packaging with Allegro; of course we have a leadership platform in advanced node with Innovus. And then now the analysis tools with Clarity and Celsius. Because thermal is a big thing for 3D-IC. So I think this whole methodology of 3D-IC integration is one significant change that we do see in the customer base. And we are very excited about that because I think Cadence s in a unique position because of historical strength in analog and packaging, and digital and the new strength and system analysis.  And hierarchical you mentioned, I think that's always a big thing as things get bigger. And if you look at 3D-IC, this is another way to do hierarchical because if you have four chips on the package, you don't have to redesign all four of them. This is reused at a much higher level. So but I do think 3D-IC is a significant trend that is going to happen and we are well positioned for it.
