Lip-Bu Tan: Lip-Bu here. So let me start. Our business enabled design of future electronic products, China business remains quite good to us. Q1 was aided by both hardware and IP business which was mostly up on revenue and John can provide more color and detail here.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah I think so far I think we're very pleased with our system analysis tool that carry momentum into Q1. As you’ve correctly point out we have more than 30 customers under Clarity and Celsius product line and clearly I think we're providing high-performance better results and then the scalability and then not compromising any accuracy.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, so let me get started and then John can fill in more details. So first of all I think we were expected to do everything we can to support customer while complying with all the application law and regulation and we want to provide the best tool for our global customers that include China, Asia-Pacific, EMEA and US, but that is our philosophy, give them the best product and support them in their design.  And in term of the new products and clearly I think we are very pleased with the system analysis product, a tool that came out clearly show the differentiation and we're delighted in our order backlog that we have more and more customer coming with us. It is a big [end] [ph] market for us. These two products the TAM is about 700 million. So I think we'll aggressively pursue that and clearly we have a big advantage in terms of performance. In terms of the Voltus and PeGasus we continue to do well and then we'll continue to update you from time to time. PeGasus are most important with the foundries, [indiscernible] various process node is 35 and I think over the last few quarters we highlight our process node at different foundries have been the 35 and now we're starting to really driving some of the customer success and stay tuned in the coming quarters.
Lip-Bu Tan: So let me try to give you a little more color. As I mentioned earlier, we're going through this silicon renaissance in the industry. Clearly we see strong design activity driven by this generational technology driver either 5G [indiscernible] and then the AI machine learning [indiscernible] platform and the hyperscale in this environment actually they deploy even more they are all finally building up their own silicon team. And then the whole digital transformation of the industrial group, we see a lot of -- so I think clearly so far as we see today, we don’t see any slowdown in activity especially I call it the market shaping customer, they double down, triple down in their R&D and we're delighted to support them and that's kind of we see the opportunity in the design activity and in some way our business very much predominantly tied with the semiconductor R&D and that really benefit us and then we have been very focused on the market shaping customer and they have been really we are really excited to support them in all their various designs.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah it's a good question. Overall I would say that China our business remains quite good for us and then I would like John mentioned earlier, we assume that export restrictions will remain and we comply to that and in meanwhile we are doing everything we can to support the customer globally and then for their new innovating design and so I think all in all I think we have a careful examining of the situation. We felt that we can reaffirm the whole year because it's a ratable model and we have very $3.7 billion of backlog and so we can manage much better that way and then again by partnering with customers deeply and then with their trust upon with them and that is the best way to really drive the success together.
Lip-Bu Tan: Okay. Gary I think good question. So let me touch on the first and then John can give you more detail on the deal size and others and so I think overall we are excited about this generational technology drivers 5G is deploying and then the hyperscale and the infrastructure disability deploying and then the other part is also the high computing area for AI machine learning either the start up or mature company,, they are all diving in big time into the whole the whole semiconductor silicon or sort of the whole system level. So the packaging also we benefit from it and so all in all I think we see strong design activity doesn't slow down at all and then clearly it continues to fuel the backdrop because as likable business and so we would not be dependent on quarter to quarter so far than more will count very well for us.
Lip-Bu Tan: The only thing I'll add on to that is basically with this two acquisitions clearly give us a lot of more opportunity in term of more comprehensive solution to provide some of our key customer.
Lip-Bu Tan: So I think clearly we provide all multiple way and currently it's one of the areas that we focus on. We're delighted that we clearly extending our leadership in the call offering of providing customers with compelling productivity, flexibility and scalability benefits. And so we mentioned that we pass 100 customer mark and so I think we continue to make progress on that.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah I think so far we and now we're monitoring closely. In China this couple of small point tool solution provider and not clearly from Synopsys and Cadence we about 25-30 years of stimulating and providing able to provide a full flow in the most advanced nodes, but clearly we don’t underestimate that because clearly they get a lot of government funding and so we tip a very close eye on that and only from their progress and also from their other recruitment point of view and make sure that our team is with us and we can continue driving behind the China, Beijing, Shanghai side.
Lip-Bu Tan: So one thing I learned is last quarter I thought there would've been a bigger impact to our royalty revenue and as it turned out it was as big as an impact I thought because in some cases some products do better and some products do worse and I think we benefit for diversification across our products and platforms. The other thing we learned is that there's a lead time I guess in terms of hardware orders that we were able to complete hardware orders in the latter part of the quarter in China because the hardware was already on site and being demoed by the customer. So we didn't have any additional physical delivery to complete the revenue cycle to be able to take revenue. Whereas if we haven't got the hardware on site for the customer, we have to wait for the customer sites to open. So that was the learning that we had and therefore the impact to our Q2 you see that in our Q2 guidance. We're expecting that some revenue we would normally be taking in Q2 we're expecting to fall into Q3 now.
Lip-Bu Tan: I don't think so. I think we're a company that operates like in the technology industry and we can never predict the computer but we always assume we are working in an industry where we always assume that's tomorrow will be very different from today and we so we operate very, very closely with our customers and that those client relationship allows us to be resilient, flexible and agile and very, very effective in times of change. I think we are also very diverse. We have people in 47 sites across 22 countries all very, very close to the customers. So we're able to navigate with change. We're able to move with change very easily. I don’t know I am delighted with how effective the teams have been.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you all for joining us this afternoon. Our intelligence system design strategy is paying out very nicely as we benefit from new opportunities in design excellence, system innovation and pervasive intelligence and expanded total addressable market. In this time of uncertainty, I'm very impressed with all the dedication and commitment shown by our employees to continue innovating and delighting our customers. We're all in this together and I'm convinced that we will collectively come out of this unfortunate situation stronger as company, as a community. And lastly on behalf of all our employees and our Board of Directors, I want to give our heartfelt thanks with extremely brave and courageous healthcare workers and others on the front line and others on the frontline and they're tirelessly working to fight this pandemic. Have a wonderful day.
John Wall: Yeah, I would say this is an unusual. Our China revenue over the past nine quarters is fluctuated between a low of 8% back in Q2 2018 and a high of 13% both this quarter and in Q4 '18. Q1 revenue was higher due to do both hardware and IP business, which are mostly upfront for revenue.
John Wall: Yeah just a slight difference in our assumptions for the M&A integration between what we had in the forecast for the start of the year and where we are now.
John Wall: And Jay I would add about that I think you can see from our results and from our guidance for the year that our business benefits from the diversification we see across products and platforms and geographies that as much as we encourage investors not to look at any one quarter, I mean China contributed 10% of our annual revenue in 2018 and 2019 and we're happy to get off to a strong start for 2020. But hardware and IP are lumpy for revenue and so you should never focus on any one single quarter.
John Wall: Jay, I presume you are referring to the section where we say we include inventory reserves in our hardware COGS, but we consistently do that. I don’t think there was any significant change in inventory reserves from quarter to quarter, but generally if we have a hardware system that's out being demoed or on loan, we'll take depreciation and amortization for that into our P&L and include it in COGS even though we haven't sold it.
John Wall: Sure, it was large in the first quarter and it was mainly due to hardware and IP business, IP revenue business. At the start of the quarter I mean it's not surprised me in Q1 to the upside. At the start of the quarter, we thought that we were at lower royalty revenue in the region and we were a bit too conservative in Q1 think. So IP outperformed based on my expectations for Q1. And then in terms of China for the year, like I said it's ranged by quarter from a low of 8% in Q2 '18 to a high of 13% now this quarter and is well back in Q4 '18, but we're happy to get off to a strong start for 2020 and I'm thinking double-digits in terms of your continuing at least double digits with China contribution to our annual revenue is reasonable.
John Wall: Thanks for the question. It's a great question and thanks for the opportunity to clarify. I guess when I sit and look at Q2, I think it's fair to view our guidance for Q2 as being a little bit conservative and maybe more conservative than normal, but when I look at the impact of COVID '19 on our revenue, but like for hardware we don't have our usually fill of access to customer sites to deliver product and then it's hard to predict when we'll get that access, but if we deliver some hardware in the last week of June, it becomes Q2 revenue. If we deliver hardware for April is how our products slipped to the first weeks of July it's Q3 revenue. In both cases they're 2020 revenue. So I have more confidence in the year than I do for Q2 in terms of making those deliveries in time to Q2 revenue. When we said that you we're prioritizing the health and safety of our employees and our partners and our customers, we don’t want to try and drive for too early delivery and particularly if we don’t have physical access, we can't control if we don’t have physical access to our customer sites. On the IP side the physical access is to our own cadence sights because that's where our labs are for IP and IP revenue is generally determined by just how much IP we can deliver in the quarter from our labs. We're already a little bit behind because we haven’t had access to our labs and it's not like it's a demand issues. It's more of timing in terms of the delivery of revenue. but and then so like I said Q2 is I suppose the paradox of having a predictable revenue stream it's very predictable for the year, but it's just less predictable in terms of what we can get done in June versus July at the current moment.
John Wall: Yeah so first of all I think clearly we're going through a unprecedented time and in term of economy and unemployment and this virus across all the different region and so I think first of all I think most important for us is to protect our employee and customer safety and well being and then saying that I think clearly the impact of the economy in the semiconductor is really ranged of product and different products. Clearly the hyperscale and under a videoconference related area and then ecommerce and area I think it's really benefit and some of the sector will be a little bit harder and especially in the consumer area and also in term of automotive related area will be more challenging. And so I think it's a lot across the Board, I mean they are some really exciting area and then clearly I think we are more tie in with the R&D budget and so I think good news is all the market shaping customer in various hyperscale play and in various high computing area we see the benefit of it and especially the infrastructure side and so I think that part we continue to benefit and we took on it and then clearly we can now look at quarter by quarter. Some quarter may be a little bit more in China. Some areas maybe geographically higher, but overall I think we are very strong and resiliency of our business especially the ratable model and also the backlog and our very diverse customer base that really put Cadence in the very well position to do that.
John Wall: And John this is John here. I would just like to add to that, that about 85% to 90% of our revenue is recurring in nature. So any additional or kind of any pull forward buying wouldn’t increase our revenue but the revenue is time based that would occur maybe on IP and hardware and there was no evidence of that in Q1.
John Wall: Gary just adding there but I think the biggest difference between where we are now and where we were back in way '08 '09, is that we've incredible visibility now into what our backlog. We got $3.7 billion worth of backlog. We're very, very diversified and we have a lot of visibility into the second half of 2020.
John Wall: So Gary it's about $40 million. The extra week is worth about $40 million of additional recording revenue to the year in 2020 and we're expecting about $20 million from the combination of AWR and Integrand, the two acquisitions we completed in early Q1. So yeah $60 million to the year. I'm not expecting any more or less than that for the year right now.
John Wall: I think it's too early to tell right now, but certainly it's very welcome by our customers. Our customers are very happy with the products we provided but it's very difficult to bifurcate the value of one product versus others in an arrangement where there's multiple products being provided to customers.
John Wall: There's two real drivers there Joe. One is the M&A that we lost some of the revenue in the purchase accounting, so a lot of the deferred revenue purchase accounting impacts the first half of the year more than the second half of the year. So can skew some profitability towards the second half of the year on the acquisitions we brought in at the start of the year. And then I guess the other impact is because we're assuming some deliveries that would normally happen in Q2 fall over into Q3, but you can have a slightly more backend loaded margin profile for the year. I mean originally I was thinking it would probably work out something like 31.5 and 33.5 and now I know we're guiding to 31 and 34.
John Wall: No. Not right now. We have a strategic sourcing group that have been working closely with all our suppliers. We think we have ample inventory and we have good second source suppliers. The issue we have with revenue and predicting revenue for Q2 is really down to whether we can have physical access to customer sites to be able to deliver the physical product. That's where we've got some uncertainty and because of the uncertainty, I'm assuming some of that will naturally fall into the second half of the year.
John Wall: So Adam one thing I would point out is certainly for Q1 and Q2 this year, we're lapping very tough comps because Q1 and Q2 last year were not impacted by the export limitations we currently have in China.
John Wall: I think it's too early to tell. We were quite happy that we had a really solid bookings quarter in Q1 with particular strength in Japan and I think we had 15 new Cadence customers in Q1 including several larger customers but I think it's too early to tell right now but I don’t think that's as much we can say.
John Wall: So Jackson our ability to close business hasn't changed but we have very, very close contacts with our customers, very customer-driven company. We always stay close to our clients, and also I think we got a little bit lucky I mean toward the end of last year, Lip Bu and I talk with the management team and we looked at when there was a yield curve inversion back in August, we looked at the data for previous recessions and the data suggested that a recession often happens within 8 to 14 months following a yield curve inversion. So at the end of last year, we made our business to try and close as much strategic account business early in the year as possible and we managed to do.
John Wall: So basically the delivery I don’t think we had any problem with closing business. The challenge is being in executing and delivering the -- completing the delivery on the business. Demand continues to be strong and it's just really getting access to customers facility to be able to deliver hardware and in our case in the IP case, getting access to our own facility into the cadence labs to complete our IP deliveries that we've already contractually signed up to.
John Wall: Most of our products are US origin. So they're impacted by the export limitations. Our ability to deliver products and services to certain customers the entry list is limited. So therefore we would expect our revenue in China to be higher if we didn't have those extra limitations, but for the purposes of guidance, we just did our assumptions that we assume nothing will change right now like I say because most of our technology is US origin. We are impacted by those export limitations across the board.
John Wall: Yeah sure. I that effectively we're continuing to hire although hiring had slowed because it's more difficult to complete the whole interview process and the onboarding process but we're continuing to hire and typically we hire after getting contractual commitments from customers, but the Lip Bu and I are very careful about adding investment dollars until we see the commitment from customers. So in our guidance there is impact of course with hardware if falls into the second half from the first half, the cost of goods sold associated with those -- with those hardware products will also fall into the second half. Originally, I was expecting like 31.5% margin in the first half of the year followed by 33.5% margin in the second half that's more skewed now towards 31 first half, 34 second half because of an unexpected shift of some hardware and IP revenue from Q2 into Q3 really.
John Wall: It was certainly on the IP side, but I don't think we give any further color in terms of which part of IP, but IP was very strong in Q1 and we were delayed with that.
John Wall: So most of our hardware is made in the US in the Americas, but yeah we have very close relationships with our suppliers with seconds source suppliers. We also have ample inventory. I don't think we have any supply-chain issues.
John Wall: That's a very good point. In our guidance we're anticipating some natural credit deterioration and particularly in the longer tail of customers we've said many times in the past that our top 40 customers we generate 55% to 60% of our revenue from those customers and thankfully they're in a very strong position. Many of them we like a who's who have the strongest balance sheets in the world, but in the longer tail there naturally we would be concerned about some credit deterioration. So we built in some anticipation for natural credit deterioration in the long tail but now if there shelter and phase order remains in place for much longer than the end of Q2 and we don't improvement in the second half, that could impact the business of our customers and our customer's customers and I cause credit critically to deteriorate more than we're currently anticipating I haven't got that -- haven't anticipated a great depression or anything. But we have assumed that there may be some credit deterioration if this last through the end of June and that's all. We can't predict the future. I can only share with you what's in our assumptions.
John Wall: It's only slight like you say it's may be 5% to 10%'s slower payments because that could impact our revenue timing because you become more variable -- you have variable consideration. So we have a typical recurring revenue pool, but and if you assume everyone is credit worthy, that's very even every quarter. If there's any credit deterioration, that can cause a little bit of a delay because you have to wait until you collect cash to recognize revenue.
