John Wall: Thanks, Anirudh, and good afternoon, everyone. I'm pleased to report that Cadence delivered strong results for the second quarter of 2024, finishing the first half with backlog of approximately $6 billion. Also, we expanded our Multiphysics platform in Q2 by completing the acquisition of BETA CAE. Here are some of the financial highlights from the second quarter, starting with P&L. Total revenue was $1.061 billion. GAAP operating margin was 27.7% and non-GAAP operating margin was 40.1%, and GAAP EPS was $0.84 with non-GAAP EPS $1.28. Next, turning to the balance sheet and cash flow. Cash balance at quarter end was $1.059 billion, while the principal value of debt outstanding was $1.350 billion. Operating cash flow was $156 million. DSOs were 49 days and we used $125 million to repurchase Cadence shares in Q2. Before I provide our updated outlook, I'd like to share some assumptions that are embedded. Our updated outlook includes BETA CAE and it contains the usual assumption that export control regulations that exist today, remain substantially similar for the remainder of the year. Our updated outlook for 2024 is revenue in the range of $4.6 billion to $4.66 billion. GAAP operating margin in the range of 29.7% to 31.3%. Non-GAAP operating margin in the range of 41.7% to 43.3%. GAAP EPS in the range of $3.82 to $4.02. Non-GAAP EPS in the range of $5.77 to $5.97. Operating cash flow in the range of $1 billion to $1.2 billion and we expect to use approximately 50% of our annual free cash flow to repurchase Cadence shares. With that in mind, for Q3, we expect revenue in the range of $1.165 billion to $1.195 billion. GAAP operating margin in the range of 27.7% to 29.3%. Non-GAAP operating margin in the range of 40.7% to 42.3%. GAAP EPS in the range of $0.83 to $0.93 and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $1.39 to $1.49. And as usual, we published a CFO commentary document on our Investor Relations website, which includes our outlook for additional items, as well as further analysis and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations. In conclusion, I am pleased with our strong Q2 results. We exceeded our outlook on all key financial metrics, a good finish to the first half and ongoing demand for our solutions sets us up for strong growth in the second half of 2024. As always, I'd like to close by thanking our customers, partners and our employees for their continued support. And with that, operator, we will now take questions.
John Wall: Thanks for the question, Charles. And that's -- I mean, regional revenue is notoriously hard to predict. I will say that at the midpoint of our current revenue guide, we only need China to get to 13% of overall revenue to be able to hit that midpoint. I mean, when you look at performance in Q2 and the first half, we had a very strong bookings first half, very pleased with customers' response to our new hardware systems. The IP and SG&A businesses continue to grow strongly. Core businesses continue to scale really well and we're focused on profitable revenue growth. I know in your first question, you indicated that we hadn't raised the outlook, but we did raise non-GAAP EPS by $0.06. We're very pleased with the improvement in profitability. And when you look at the current guide, we're actually on track for 50% incremental margin excluding the impact of BETA CAE now. BETA CAE is in our guide, but it's in our guide at what we previously communicated in the press release is $40 million of revenue and about $0.12 dilution to non-GAAP EPS. There is an impact to OP cash as a result of BETA CAE as well. But overall, very, very pleased. We thought it was prudent to assume lower China revenue for this year at the midpoint of our guide puts the -- but that's it. We only need 13% to get to the midpoint of guidance.
John Wall: Yes, Gianmarco. I mean, there's no real change from what we said last quarter. I mean, it's effectively the shape of the revenue curve for the year. We're expecting upfront revenue -- a lot more upfront revenue in the second half, it's just the timing of shipments really that's -- upfront revenue typically comes from IP, hardware and to a lesser extent some software on the SG&A side. With the hardware, it takes time to build the systems, we have higher revenue in Q4 versus Q3 as a result. But also from IP, there is -- IP is -- we recognize revenue and IP based on the timing of deliveries. We're confident in that guide. It's just the shape of the -- shape of Q3 and Q4 is what we have in the guide now.
John Wall: Thanks for the question. Yes, in some cases, on the newer systems, there is a timeline, a lead time to building the systems. We have more bookings than our ability to actually fulfill those bookings. But we do have some inventory of the older systems, we're able to deliver those in the quarter. So I mean, there's always a mix. We did have a challenge in the past with getting inventory and building the inventory as fast as we could for the demand. I think we've dealt with a lot of that. You'll also see in the OP cash guide, there is -- we're planning to purchase a significant amount of raw materials for building inventory in Q3. That's the biggest portion of the change in OP cash guys.
John Wall: Yeah. I mean we don't guide bookings, but we were very pleased with the strong bookings in the first half. And I get the question, Vivek. I mean, essentially, we're seeing a strong demand for our hardware systems. We're seeing strength across all our businesses. And I guess your question is that when you add in BETA CAE, you're not really taking the revenue guide up. I think essentially I mean if your question is what would we like to see improve, I think it's the China revenue percentage. It was 12% in Q1, 12% in Q2. It improved in Q2 over Q1 and we think it will continue to improve through the year. But right now, our guide only assumes -- only needs to get to 13% China to hit the midpoint of that guidance.
John Wall: So yes, Vivek. On the $300 million drop in operating cash, just to clarify that, about 40% of that $300 million drop is due to M&A. I mean, in things like BETA CAE, some of the purchase price, the geography of where the operating -- where the cash impact goes, it flows -- some of that payment flows through OP cash. The bigger portion of the impact on operating cash is our plan to purchase a lot of inventory raw materials for the hardware demand that we're seeing. We're pre-purchasing a lot of inventory. So you'll see our inventory spike in Q3 with all of the raw materials we're purchasing. We want to make sure that we have all the raw materials necessary to ramp-up the build out of our hardware systems. And then in relation to BETA CAE, there's -- I mean it's very recent acquisition. The -- it's no different to what we have in the press release. In fact, on the press release, we said we were expecting $40 million of revenue at the midpoint. That's embedded now in the guide. We're expecting $0.12 dilution on -- from our non-GAAP EPS, that's also in the guide now. And we expect it to be -- I mean, operationally, it will be accretive next year that there is some interest cost associated with the test that -- but we think it will be accretive next year.
John Wall: That's fair, Josh. I would do the inverse on you in terms of bookings were stronger than we expected in Q2 and we got some uplift in recurring revenue. It took a bit of pressure off on the upfront side that -- and we are -- I mean, we're taking orders. We've got strong demand for the hardware and we're building those hardware systems as quickly as we can, particularly the newer hardware orders. IP is doing really well and system design and analysis is doing really well. And what we've reflected in the guide is our expectation of how much of that revenue will fall in Q3 and Q4. We took the opportunity, we really derisked the guide for the year by reducing our expectations for China. Upfront, we still expect to be in a range of 80% to 85%, but I think we might get slightly more recurring revenue as a result of the strong bookings in the first half.
John Wall: Yes. But it's -- we definitely need to build hardware and you'll see the impact on our inventory in Q3 with the amount of raw materials we're purchasing. But as Anirudh says, that's a one-time thing that we're doing to try and get raw materials and to build those systems quickly as we can. But the -- a lot of the upfront revenue in the second half comes from the strength in our IP business and we have those orders in backlog and it's just a case of executing against those. We also have some SD&A, our system design analysis upfront revenue that's scheduled to occur in Q3 and Q4. Again, most of that is from orders in the system. On the hardware side, it's kind of mid to high-single digits is what we were expecting the SPG Group to deliver to be able to hit the midpoint of that guidance.
John Wall: Yes, that's correct. But the vast majority of the purchases are to -- to get raw materials to help build those new systems.
John Wall: Yes, it's hard. And again, like I say, it's -- we're not guiding bookings, but we were very, very pleased with the strong first half for bookings. The BETA CAE contribution to backlog is very, very small. It's immaterial because BETA CAE, their revenue is upfront. So that's the upfront piece of the business rather than the recurring revenue. But yeah, we're very pleased. I mean, you can typically expect us to always be driving for a book-to-bill of greater than 1, but we don't guide. We don't guide bookings though.
John Wall: Demand is strong. Demand is strong. What I was trying to point out was that we do have inventory of the older systems that we can deliver right away. The newer systems we're having to build them as quickly as we can because the orders are coming in faster than we can build them. So the lead times is a bit of a moving target in that respect. We are planning to purchase a lot of raw materials and build as quickly as we can in Q3. So you'll see a significant uptick in our inventory balance at the end of Q3.
John Wall: No. I think that is, Clarke. Yeah. That's exactly right. I mean, we always knew that it would take time to build the hardware system. So, we originally included that in our guide in the first place.
John Wall: Yeah. That's a great question, Joe. I mean, the leaders of that business, I spent plenty of time with them this last quarter because they were monitoring what the demand was like for the new systems. Demand is quite strong. And then the key thing to highlight here is it's a one-time multi-year purchase of inventory raw materials. They feel very, very confident in the longevity of these systems and the longevity of that demand. And they wanted to pre-purchase multi-years of inventory in Q3. Now that was news to us, if you like. So we thought that one-time thing we wanted to include it all now in Q3 and not impact -- that doesn't impact next -- I mean, it will be favorable for next year's operating cash.
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah. Hi, Charles. Thanks for the question. I mean, first of all, I'd like to say that overall we are pleased with how we are performing. If you step back -- because you asked a longer term question, right, if you step-back, we will deliver we expect more than 13% revenue growth and about 42.5% operating margin. So, I think that's a best-in-class combination of both revenue growth and operating margin. And then if you look at our CAGR over last three years, which is one of our kind of favorite metrics, that's also performing pretty well in terms of growth and margin expansion. And you mentioned semi-cycle, I mean, it's encouraging to see that there is going to be growth this year, which it was not there last year. But as you all know, Charles, we are tied to the R&D spend more than the revenue of our customers. And, of course, if the revenue goes up, they're more likely to spend on R&D, but in general, the -- our customers, both system and semi-companies continue to spend on R&D and these are long-term projects. So, we'll see how that goes as the semiconductor revenue improves, but this is not instantaneous effect on R&D spend. There is always some lag sometimes. And so we will -- but we are encouraged to see the improvement in semi spending overall in a semiconductor revenue. So, I would like to say -- and you can see in our backlog also, we maintain a pretty healthy backlog. So, overall, I think things are performing well and this AI is broadening out. I mean, you know this well. AI is broadening out beyond datacenter, which we are glad to have great partnerships, two automotive, two more edge consumer devices like phones and PCs. So overall I feel pretty good about the industry and, of course, our position in it as the essential provider of design software.
Anirudh Devgan: Also just to add on overall -- yeah, hey, just to add on the overall hardware cycle, as you remember, we launched new systems in April, just couple of months ago, few months ago now. And the response to them has been phenomenal. Actually, we -- these palladium, especially both palladium and protium, but these systems can design chips like I mentioned last time with capacity of 1 trillion transistors and the current's biggest chip is like 200 billion transistors, most of them are 100 billion or less. So we are 5x to 10x higher capacity than what is needed. So that should suit the industry well for next several years. And I'm also what pretty pleased about is that we delivered production deployments of our new systems to some very major customers. So we highlighted the NVIDIA, our development partner with a significant deployment of Z3, also one of the leading mobile system -- mobile companies in the world and one of the leading hyperscalers. So it's across multiple markets that we delivered our latest systems, which are performing exceedingly well. So that sets up very well for the future and also competitively. And we have a significant lead given the nature of our systems. It's a combination of -- protium is based on FPGA and then palladium is based on our own chip at advanced TSMC process. And Cadence is the only solution that does that and provides a unique value. So overall, I think hardware business is performing well. And as you know, these are multi-year upgrade cycles. So this is not all-in in '24. So we'll see how things go in '25 and '26.
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah. Hi, Vivek. Good question. So in general, what I would like to say is, like we mentioned last two times, the shape of the curve this year is unique to Cadence, given multiple factors. This is not what we expected last two years. So this time it's more back end loaded for the reasons we mentioned before. So the guide is a little different and we are also given that shape of the curve more prudent in our guide like we were in Q2 and then we rather overachieve and deliver that and give the team flexibility to do the right business for the long term. So I think that's the difference this year versus last few years is given the shape of the curve, we have more prudence in our revenue guide like John mentioned and John can comment on the backlog expectations, yeah.
Anirudh Devgan: Also, a couple of things to clarify. So one thing, this purchase of inventory for the hardware systems. I mean, that will be used over multiple years. It's not just for '24. So I think it's a one-time investment that pays for several years and that's a prudent decision to make to get the right kind of parts for the future. And then on BETA, it completes our system analysis portfolio to add structural analysis and it also strengthens our position in automotive. Of course, data center is a big vertical with all the AI super cycles. But I think one of the other exciting verticals is automotive with all this electrification and also AI getting added in the self-driving or driver assistance. So we see a lot of design activity in automotive. Also, automotive is also moving through chiplets and 3D-IC. So I think automotive has all the three tenants of our IST strategy. It has silicon content that is increasing and more and more system design, of course, is needed for the design of automotive. And AI for all the data and computational software. So for that reason, BETA CAE is -- completes our portfolio in automotive and positions us well in the future. And this is not just with the semiconductor companies doing automotive, but also the system companies now. OEMs doing more and more chip design, doing more of our system solutions. And I also want to highlight and congratulate McLaren. There was a big news this weekend. McLaren got one and two in Hungarian F1 and we have been working with them for last few months and years and it's good to see them do well as we deploy. So I think the automotive solution that we are driving is a combination of silicon system and then AI and we are seeing the results of that through organic and inorganic expansion.
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah. Just to clarify, I mean, also -- I mean, we have two systems, right? So, palladiums, we design ourselves and we manufacture the chip in TSMC and protium. We also design ourselves, but the silicon itself is primarily from AMD with Xilinx FPGAs. So, a lot of this purchase is for X3s and the FPGAs and that should serve us for multiple years. On Z3, like we said, we are already shipping them and they already deployed in production this quarter. So, I think Z3 is slightly different than X3 in terms of the mix of the silicon content, just to clarify that.
Anirudh Devgan: Yes, I would like to -- I think we're seeing more and more design activity like you said the rhythm or the Cadence of the products. And also different kind of chips. It's not just that big data center chips, but even within them, there is more and more customization. Of course, the hyperscalers doing their own silicon. And then now we talked about our partnership with, for example, Qualcomm and they are doing a consumer or edge laptop AI devices. So, the amount of AI is also spreading to other verticals, not just obvious, the big one on data center and data center design is accelerating. And I think when we look at it, we still see that the data center part of AI still should accelerate, at least the visibility we have for next couple of years, so we'll see how that goes. And therefore -- and the other thing is automotive -- automotive takes normally a little longer, but we're already seeing design activity and the deployment may be few years down, maybe after data center. And then consumer and PCs already starting with phones and laptops. So, overall we do see accelerating deployment of AI through the whole semiconductor ecosystem. And we are very proud of our position in it, whether it's 3D-IC, whether it is data center chips, whether it's our own AI products, we are winning almost all kind of engagements on all -- on our kind of Cadence.AI portfolio. So, overall we do see more and more design and deployment of AI infrastructure and our own AI product.
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah. Hi, Jay. Good question. So, I mean, as you know, in EDA when we go to lower nodes, there is more integrated solutions which are required, whether it's digital or analog or verification. And that is further accelerated by use of AI. So, like Cerebrus, for example, in digital will integrate not just place and route, but also synthesis and sign-off. So, I think that trend is definitely there. And same thing with Verisium, our leading AI product for verification also integrates the four major verification platforms we have. So, it is more and more platform driven approach. And we can do that now with SD&A now that we have a complete portfolio. And we mentioned like a leading EV company like OEM, one of the leading -- the most advanced EV companies deployed our entire portfolio. So as we have a bigger portfolio in SD&A, it does let us do what we have always done in EDA, focus on solutions, not just on individual products and integrate solutions with our own kind of native integrations, whether it's analog, digital verification and now with SD&A.
Anirudh Devgan: Yes, Jay. So what I would like to say is that the number of use cases I see is increasing at this point. I mean, of course, one of the biggest use case that we started with was digital implementation since it is so kind of heavy kind of design process. So automating the digital implementation process was huge benefit. And we talked even this quarter Cerebrus being deployed at one of the leading system companies for the default flow also used by Samsung. Also you see verification be used by Qualcomm. So I think what is happening in that Cerebrus or the implementation use case, two things. One is that it is going not just for design, but also for DTCO, design technology co-optimization and also for higher level in the design process like floor planning and 3D-IC exploration. So it's all not just for implementation of the design, but also for architecture and exploration. And the other thing is like there is more workflow automation. As customers get used to Cerebrus, they are using it not just towards the end of the design process, they're using it right from the beginning throughout the design process. So it allows us to do more workflow automation. And Cerebrus has also evolved to allow much more of an entire workflow rather than a specific implementation use case. And then same thing is happening in terms of more and more use cases, for example, packaging. Allegro X is doing pretty well. And recently one of the leading customers in 3D-IC used its capability to automate, for example, routing for automating placement, which was not there before in PCB and package design. So overall, I do think it's maturing of the workflows. And then with this LLMs and Gen AI, we have kind of several workflows for taking spec to RTL and we highlighted some of them last quarter. So I actually do see finally that in the -- we are always kind of building out the AI infrastructure, these big companies designing chips. But I do see now there is a turning point in deployment of AI for the design process with the initial workflow being Cerebrus and digital implementation now to expanding to LLM based art, spec -- expanding to DTCO, expanding to 3D-IC, of course, expanding to analog, packaging, verification. And we do have the most comprehensive AI portfolio in terms of all five major kind of product lines. So actually, it's a pretty encouraging view compared to a year ago.
Anirudh Devgan: Yes, Harlan. That's a great observation and we are fortunate to have very deep and long standing partnership with all the major memory companies. At least there are three big ones and then maybe two the next level. But overall, we are -- given our strength, like you mentioned in Virtuoso, which is the platform for choice for all memory implementation. And yes, there is a lot more digital and implementation design happening at memory companies, primarily driven by HBM and other trends. And actually also there is some kind of -- I mean, they were always doing -- they were always doing digital, but it's lot more now. And there is trend of even integrating TSMC's technologies with kind of memory. And given our strong partnership with TSMC, that also helps us with the memory companies. And as you know, they are also doing a lot more 3D-IC, all the three big memory companies and these memory layers are going from -- they're actually one of the most advanced 3D-IC with the memory layers going from 8 to 12 and that also plays to our strengths. And even in my prepared remarks, I mentioned, for example, our partnership with Samsung and 3D-IC. And then so is true with the other kind of two major players in memory. So we are pleased in our position in memory and the emerging trends of HBM and 3D-IC integration and we'll see how that progresses. But I think memory is often overlooked in -- I don't need to tell you, but just in general, memory is often overlooked in the big AI super-cycle. It's not the big chips, logic chips, but memories play a very essential role and we are very well-positioned both with the leaders like NVIDIA on the logic side and then we highlighted Samsung and the other big memory players in general.
Anirudh Devgan: No. That's right, John. And sorry for the acronym. SVG is System Verification Group. So, when we say SVG, that means verification. Yeah. So, I think that's what John was implying. Verification should grow, but right now, we are not assuming massive growth in verification for this year, but it should grow compared to last year. And then like you mentioned, some of the upfront revenue is also IP. If you remember, we highlighted in Q1, a new partnership with Intel and they are -- we are deploying our IP portfolio for the Intel process. So, it takes time to do that and deliver to that and some of it is in Q3 and Q4. And also this time, we talked about our expansion partnership with Intel on both on EMIB, their packaging and 3D-IC platform and 18A, just to clarify.
Anirudh Devgan: Well, good question. We don't comment on individual customer or specific customer use cases, but in general, these hardware systems, as you know, are used both for chip design and for system software bring up. So, both use cases are there and we are the leading platform given Palladium and Protium and this is true for all -- even in the AI use case, even in the data center AI use case, lot of it is for software development. Actually Palladium is a platform for choice to even our AI chip customers to give a model to their customers because even before they have a chip, they can give a Palladium model to see how it performs. So, it's both for chip design and also for system design and system software. And that's true for multiple major verticals, data center, mobile, automotive, these things. Yes, thank you.
Anirudh Devgan: So, great question. So, first to -- yes, like you correctly pointed out, I think the 3D-IC is a lot more prevalent in automotive than, let's say, six to 12 months ago. And, of course, the original Genesis is HPC and data center AI, but now all these chiplets and 3D-IC platforms are moving to automotive, okay. And I think over-time, we'll move to other verticals like consumer. They already moved to laptop, for example. Several of the laptop chips are 3D-IC, but I think that will be the progression. It will gradually go to all verticals, but definitely active in automotive. Because, as you know, with the chiplet architecture, the customer doesn't have to redesign all the chips and also they can use some standard chips and have some specific chips which are more value added for them and that's particularly true in automotive as each OEM wants to differentiate versus the other OEM. So, this trend is not just for semi-companies to your question, it's also there in OEMs. And I think actually it'll be more -- I do think that the 3D-IC trend makes even more sense for end OEMs because then they're able to customize and differentiate versus the other. So, we are seeing that and we are seeing that in other geographies as well because as you know, China is pretty strong in EVs and then US and then Japan, there's a lot of activity. So, overall, I think automotive, there is more activity on 3D-IC, including both semi and end OEMs.
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah. Great question. I mean, like what John was saying, when we say SVG, System Verification Group, so hardware is part of that group. Even though hardware is a significant business, we organize as part of verification. And one of the big reasons for that is apart from -- in verification, apart from the hardware systems, we have a lot of other verification products which are doing pretty well like Jasper for formal verification, Xcelium for logic stimulation. And the customer is looking for an integrated solution on verification. To the earlier question that Jay had about what is happening in SDA, in EDA, we always have believed for last several years that it's going to be integrated solution in verification. So, the stronger our hardware products get, we do expect it should help our software verification products, things like Xcelium and Jasper and Verisium because lot of -- some of the hardware capacity is also used for what is called sim accel, simulation acceleration in which they use Palladium to accelerate logic simulation. So, there is a natural tie in between verification software products and verification hardware products. Now exactly how it pans out, we just have to see, but the strength in hardware should help us in our overall portfolio strength.
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah. Good question. I mean AI is adding the -- like I was mentioning before, I mean, it's almost become like table stakes now. So all our new contracts include our Cadence.AI portfolio as customers get more and more kind of used to using them. And once you start using the AI portfolio, it's difficult to go back to not using them. So without getting into like what happens exactly to future revenues and bookings, we are always cautious about that. But, in general, there is uptick with more customers deploying AI. And whenever we have new contracts, we are including them as it makes sense in them.
Anirudh Devgan: Thank you all for joining us this afternoon. It's an exciting time for Cadence with strong business momentum and growing opportunities with semiconductor and system customers. With a world class employee base, we continue in delivering to our innovative roadmap and working hard to delight our customers and partners. On behalf of our Board of Directors, we thank our customers, partners and investors for their continued trust and confidence in Cadence.
