Geoff Ribar: So our review we took into account Cadence’s capitalization, our projected free cash flows, ongoing investment requirements, maintaining adequate liquidity and future acquisition opportunities. When we are ready to let you know the amount, we will let you know; it’s hard for us to speculate at this time, based on market conditions and securities laws.
Geoff Ribar: Yes. What we said is we will be -- we will constrain the pace of our repurchase program during that period. Obviously as those are being settled, we don’t want to interfere the warrant settlements, Rich. We will be in the market during that period of time but the amount will be constrained.
Geoff Ribar: Richard, that’s a very good question. So I think a couple points I’ll make. This is a serious process that we go through with our board and our management team to look at capital allocation and by the way, review our business and capital structure at the same time. As a result, we improved the $1.2 billion plan. Second, I think if you look at our past commitments, right, we have met those as far the repurchases in the marketplace. Again, of course there is business conditions, M&A and those types of things which may impact us going forward but it is the commitment that we’ve made.
Geoff Ribar: As you know in this world there is a lot of uncertainty. We’ll let you know if and when we decide to do the offering. As you probably also noticed, we filed an S3 today which gives us some flexibility. But it’s difficult for us to speculate right now. We’ll let you know as soon as we can.
Geoff Ribar: So, the fundamental reason we’re investing is, is some of the strategic wins that Lip-Bu talked about with our digital flows and those types of things and our customer wins. So we’re investing in our R&D and technical sales people to support those wins. And of course as we announce those wins, we want to make sure we support our customers fully on both deploying these wins but then enhancing these wins and proliferating these wins going forward, so that’s why our expenses are going up from now to at the end of the year. And we’ll talk about 2016 when we talk about 2016.
Geoff Ribar: So Geoff, I can rephrase the question a little bit but I’ll get to all different parts. Our software mix as a percentage of total was better than it had been, partially that was because hardware was down, but the material part was because software is up. Services was up slightly but the biggest part was actually on the software side of the business for some of the wins and some of the reasons that Lip-Bu gave earlier. So hopefully that got your question.
Geoff Ribar: So couple of things: First, we had a good Q1 in hardware, Q2 was down from Q1 but we had a good Q1 in hardware one of the best quarters we had in the previous four quarters before that; hardware will clearly be up in the second half of the year as I think we’ve consistently said and will be up for the year as a whole. I think you can probably do the math from where that is.
Geoff Ribar: And not just for us but for the industry as a whole, we don’t view this industry as a zero-sum game. We’re certainly very happy with our progress but the whole industry we think is a good industry to be in.
Geoff Ribar: So in cash, the current cash balance is about 45% are in U.S. And our cash split is about equal to our revenue split, approximately 50% of it is generated in U.S. over time.
Geoff Ribar: No Monika, there is no reclassification in revenue and our services. We’ve had some nice services business, part of the services of course is IP also but it’s been a very nice business for us so far this year.
Geoff Ribar: So as always, when we guide, we put everything we know into our guidance. We certainly had some indication along the way that we were going to be successful with these customers, I think we mentioned it on the prior calls that we are looking positive at more than just the customers we had previously announced. Those businesses largely came to fruition as we anticipated. So that’s why the bookings isn’t really changing.
Geoff Ribar: Yes, the shutdown was one, there were two other issues, certainly the mix of hardware and software favored software in the quarter. As we mentioned, hardware was down. So that certainly helped us. And we did benefit from the timing of certain expenses and we don’t anticipate that benefit carrying forward into Q3 and Q4.
Geoff Ribar: So, we kept the year unchanged at 2.4 to 2.6. We are going to have fluctuations from quarter-to-quarter and those are just kind of the natural fluctuations in business. I don’t think there’s any particular trend there that’s material.
Geoff Ribar: Our processes are going through the capital allocation review with our board and the management team; it’s a regular event for us. We look at all the alternatives in front of us but our focus remains on what is our capitalization; what are projected free cash flows; the ongoing investment requirements; necessity to retain adequate liquidity; future acquisition opportunities; and advice from both shareholders and advisors. So, we took that all into account and came up with our conclusion. We obviously can’t talk at a level underneath that but I am sure you understand.
Geoff Ribar: So, the commentary about our ramp in expenses through 2015 is I think a reflection of the success we’ve had in many different parts of our business. And as we support those customers, we’re continuing to add engineering headcount and technical sales headcount. All we want to be clear is that when we leave 2015, we are going to be at a higher expense rate than we were during the beginning of the year. We’re quite happy with the results we’ve had in Q1 and Q2.
Geoff Ribar: We’re really not guiding 2016 at this point. All we want to do is make clear that our expense run rate is going to be higher than it is at present. Again, we’re investing to support the wins that we’ve had; it’s very important for us to sustain and proliferate within these customers. So, we’re making R&D investment and the technical sales investment to ensure we do that. We just want you to be aware that our run rate is going to higher on expenses than when we leave -- than when we started the year.
Lip-Bu Tan: So first of all, I think clearly that we see the pace of consolidations to increase. And so clearly, I think from the design point of view, we don’t see any material impact. And as I indicated earlier, I think the consolidation in a longer term may have some impact to the overall growth of the industry. But so far, we don’t see any positive or negative impact. But clearly, some of this consolidation is also a great opportunity for us. When we see our product continue to innovate better product, better solution and when they go into the more complex, more advanced node, clearly the opportunity for us to win and also we can prove for it. And then the other part, we also see a new split of system and service provider that is either to go vertical integrated and aggregated and that’s a greater opportunity for us. So I think we stick to our game plan in terms of System Design Enablement, really focused on executing our core EDA business, our IP business, our PCB and then go beyond some of the vertical focus that we have, we highlighted some of the success we have. We are going to continue execute and then be truly a trusted partner for them.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, good question. So, we are delighted, in fact we are very pleased with our progress in terms of our innovation and then the new product that we are offering. And clearly, the customers see the benefit of the massive parallel architecture faster run time, 5 times is significant and also the scale to 10 million instances that is significant for them. So we highlight some of the key names like Qualcomm Technology, NVIDIA, STMicroelectronics; Faraday to join ARM, Freescale and Juniper. They are much not just evaluating, actually they are designing, adopting our Innovus for production design for the most advanced node based on the excellent quality or results and then faster turnaround and they are clearly seeing the benefit of the delivery that we mentioned earlier. So right now, we have a good design win and now we are really focused on perforating [ph] to various product groups so that they can be comprehensively using us as a platform of choice.
Lip-Bu Tan: Just to add on, this is Lip-Bu. Cadence is committed to driving shareholder value and in a very balanced approach and drive growth, invest in innovation, and then return capital to our shareholders. And the board and the management review regularly and thoroughly, all the aspects of our business and capital structure. And as a result of this review and we put in place a new plan and so we take it seriously with our board, with the management and then really focus on driving shareholder value.
Lip-Bu Tan: So, I think overall we are very pleased with our offering in the digital and signoff area. We mentioned about Genus; this is our latest addition and we mentioned about TI and Imagination and a dozen of other we are engaging. And then the Innovus, we are very delighted; this is a completely re-written and it’s massively parallel architecture and clearly see the benefit on the faster runtime and then scalable to 10 million instances. And then we are delighted to highlight some of the key customers; they are selecting us Qualcomm Technologies, NVIDIA STMicro and Faraday and then joining Freescale, ARM and Juniper and clearly they see the result. Clearly they see the faster turnaround. And then seeing that we also have some of this signoff tools Tempus, Voltus, Quantus, they all add on additional 10 new logos each. And so, we are delighted with all this tier 1 customer winning and then meanwhile, we continue to really focus on the take out and the design win and then proliferate across all their product groups that is our job. And so that we will continue to investing in the engineering side in terms of the few organizations so that we can support the customer win. And that’s a most important focus on us. So I think all we are saying is we have earlier deployment success and right now we are rapidly proliferating across product group in those leading customers.
Lip-Bu Tan: And then in terms of two years from now, I think clearly, we continue to execute. And I think the opportunity is great but I think one thing at a time.
Lip-Bu Tan: As I mentioned, preproduction testing of our next generation emulation continues. We remain on track to start shipping later this year. And we will provide more details when the new product formally launched.
Lip-Bu Tan: So let me address one by one. First of all you mentioned about the custom analog and SPB side. And IoT and consumer electronics actually driving tremendous growth demands for our tools like Virtuoso. We have this electrical aware design that turned out to be very helpful for them. And then the other part is, if you recall, we acquired Sigrity that integrated together with our Allegro that provide a whole system analysis from power, signal and a whole PCB side. And a couple of thing I just want to highlight, Asian major car manufacturers adopted Sigrity for their system level analysis. And in fact customer actually pushing for the 10-nanometer and with more and more customer using Virtuoso on the most advanced 10-nanometer design stub. And so I think the 10-nanometer is ramping faster and broader than a lot of people expected. Advanced packaging technology for IoT and mobile is also another drive for our growth. And so I think overall I think mixed-signal, analog and then the whole IoT is helping us a lot. We’re collaborating very deeply with major advanced foundries for the most advanced nodes to support our customer. And then with that that I think there’s a lot of system on the chip design SOC are analog mixed-signal with our strength with our digital and in fact digital we’re seeing 8% [ph] revenue growth year-over-year. That is a very significant and so we are very delighted. And then with the new suite of digital flow with our most advanced and our custom analog and that will drive a lot SOC, mixed-signal in the IoT and consumer product and also in the automotive side and I highlighted couple of them. And then also the other part is that whole system and service providers they are looking and we are very uniquely positioned not only our tool and IP, plus our packaging that can do the system analysis become a tremendous value for them. So I think to answer your question, we continue to be cautiously optimistic in terms of the growth potential that we see.
Lip-Bu Tan: I think clearly the core EDA and then consolidation is happening right now. It’s very hard to predict what will the growth look like. I think you can look at the EDAC survey and then you can get the projection from that but all in all, I’m trying to hear from the customer. When you move down to geometry and in all this vertical application like cloud, data center and also some of the consumer like IoT and machine to machine, power going to be critical, massive parallelism will be critical, and so I think you know the complexity of the chip design will be very important to have the EDA and foundry and IP all collaborate closely together to have a customer success. So, we have been working really hard to be the trusted partner for our customer and partner. And I think slowly over time, people will see that we are very collaborative and we are pushing the envelope helping to solve their most challenging design and the complexity, the scalability, the low power and time to market with all the offering we have. So, I think going forward that partnership closely with the customer will be the key to success. So I think that’s something that we really believe in it and we really work hard with our customers.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, very good question, very insightful questions. So I think couple of things. One, clearly, we work closely with our customer and also our foundry partners and we want to make sure that tools are optimized for various process that the customer demand them. And so clearly 10-nanometer, there some are slowing down, some are not slowing down. So, it really depends on some of the key applications they are driving. So clearly on some of the mobile and some of the graphic and computer vision related area, advanced node is critical. So, we work very close with our customer and foundry and 10 and 7-nanometer. When you move down to 5-nanometer, clearly double, triple patterning may not be enough. Then you’re starting to really look at the EUV for 5-nanometer from my humble experience in a critical to have EUV. And I’m very pleased to see the ASML, the EUV are making progress. They can go upto 80 watts now and they go upto 500 wafer per day; that is extremely encouraging. Then you’re starting to look at TSMC NTR progress on the EUV side and also some the photo-resist related development. So we keep a very close eye on this whole group maps and the process technology and we also work closely with equipment, semiconductor equipment company to make sure ready. And in terms of FD-SOI and various version of the process, we work closely with our foundry partners and it’s going to be driven by customers. So, we work closely with the customer understanding which process node, which foundry they are using; our tool will be optimized, ready for them; that is our job.
Lip-Bu Tan: As I mentioned, preproduction testing of our next generation emulator continues. And we remain on track to start shipping later this year. And we will provide you more details on the new product formerly launched.
Lip-Bu Tan: In closing, I am proud of what we are accomplishing together at Cadence and I want to thank all our hardworking employees, shareholders, customers, and partners for their continued support. Thank you all for joining us this afternoon.
