Lip-Bu Tan: So I think Raj, couple of point let me end up first, first of all I think the demand for the hardware emulation is continue to increase as customer moving to below 40 nanometer, time to market is critically, identify the box earlier will be better. So, I think clearly the whole hardware emulation is going very rapidly because of the demand and so meanwhile our product is a go standard and we continue to have very good success in that.
Lip-Bu Tan: So first of all I think we have a very good executive team, continue very focused on execution and the other thing is we are heavily investing in term of product in the (inaudible) in some of the area like digital, mixed signal and advance notes and some of the IP and a system double and so clearly we want to provide the best tool, the best IP to our customer to enable the success in the design and that’s our ultimate goal and with that we continue to win, continue to able to complete successfully and then the customer like that kind of engagement level we have is the commitment that we want to make them successful that ultimately will win.
Lip-Bu Tan: I just feel that you know first of all I think the design activity at least from our side we see tremendous activity and meanwhile I think it create a lot of opportunity whether improve product and portfolio, they give us a lot of competitive advantage and then cost similar to see us have a road map to facing all these challenge in design when you move out the 28, 20 and below clearly I think that we want to be the best solution to provide the customer and ultimately that is give us position as well for win.
Lip-Bu Tan: I think it's a good question and first of all I think the Sigrity acquisition has fit in very well to our system strategy, and then look at the whole BCP and board (ph), it become a very important. If a customer want to see end to end beside the true design and other way to IC packaging to BCP packaging and especially the power and our signal integrity high speed analysis, this is a critical piece and we integrate that into the vertical BCP market and that’s a lot of vertical market we can serve from automotive to computing, through (inaudible) and anything that is high speed, is going to be a critical piece. So I think you have correctly point out that we are investing and we are growing the business and it became very important for us to serve our customer in the vertical markets.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes I think as I mentioned earlier, I think that chip is getting more and more complex and when you move down the geometry below 40 that’s a lot of complex and if we can identify the pack earlier you can address the pack earlier but time to market is tremendous for the customer. So we are going to continue to see growth in this area and then meanwhile I think as I mentioned we are go standard and we continue to have the record quarter in term of growing and significantly exceeded our expectation and as I mentioned one customer order 14 units in Q2, so we continue to see the demand I think it's good for the industry and it is badly needed by the customer and we continue to improve, continue to drive success with our customer.
Lip-Bu Tan: It's a good question, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks and we continue to see good record there and continue to win and we are also investing in some of the technology to improve further especially in the advance note so that is important area for us and we continue to invest.
Lip-Bu Tan: So let me take a crack at it and Krish I think the 20 nanometer is not as easy and it's much more complex and so we have a jump start on it and so we are committed to the 20 nanometer, as I mentioned in my remark ARM, TSMC, ST, Samsung we have engaged heavily and we also have 16 customer working with us and more than 30 design and so clearly is a very difficult and complex and customer invest quite a bit in that and they also like to see the roadmap when they go into production sometime next year and so we are engaging and we are working very hard with the customer and so we are investing but it's factored in pretty much in the our financial model that Geoff prepared and so to answer your question yes we are investing and it's not as easy, it's very complex.
Lip-Bu Tan: So maybe before I address Sigrity, back a little bit on the 20 nanometer so as you imagine quite a lot of (inaudible), double patterning, 3D-IC and all those area are the investment area that works with our customer. On the Sigrity side, and as I mentioned you fit in very well with our system strategy and also our PCB packaging related design and you become very complex, customer want to really design the chip knowing the packaging will not be a problem and so this is strategically important to us in term of high speed analysis, power signal integrity and in the gigabit interface. So all this and also the sign off, it will be critical so all this is going to be and it is very important for us and then Geoff maybe can answer the second half.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes so let me address that, so first of all I think clearly open doors for additional engagement. We see tremendous interest on customer to work with us. For a couple of factors one clearly you know the mixed signal SoC and it is very important for them and then secondly we are much improved our digital flow and implementation, they are attracted to us and the thirdly our advanced development and engagement in the 20 nanometer and below and of course the other thing is very big opportunity for us is ARM, relationship that we have been engaging and working closely with them in the design and the flow. So all this I think is just enhanced customer want to engage with us and work with us and selecting us and give us a quick opportunity that we are very excited and we continue to drive the best to best solution IP to a customer that can enhance and provide value to our customer and enable them to win.
Lip-Bu Tan: I think Sterling it's a good question and first of all I think we don’t see in a big across the board customer spending cut or freeze and we still see tremendous R&D development at least the customer we are working with and clearly the design activities continue to grow and then as you know the design engineer, there is a last depot that you want to cut and so our relationship in the EDA spend a lot to do with the design engineers and then chip is not getting easier to design, it's much more complex. So I think that the place that they spend a lot of money is clearly in the digital mix signal space that we see and also in the PCB side, in the hardware emulation side. So anything that can help them to design the product faster and then low power is critical for lot of mobile infrastructure player and also the easier earlier to identify the packs and the hardware, software, co-design, co-validation (ph) becomes very important for them and so I think we kind of picking up our bets in term of the area that we think will be really helpful to them and then in their design. So far in those areas that we pick we don’t see slowdown.
Lip-Bu Tan: I think Sterling, and too clearly on the hardware emulation side we continue to drive improvement, execution, supply change that is kind of ongoing effort and we send up urgency and clearly the demand is strong. We like the business and we continue to invest and continue to improve so that we can meet the customer requirement.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you. In closing, the strength and momentum of our technology which is expanding, existing relationship as well as creating new engagements, lead to strong operating result for the first half. Our level of business, customer engagement and growing product portfolio give me confident that the rest of the 2012 will be also good for Cadence. Thank you everyone for joining us this afternoon and I look forward to speaking with you soon.
Geoff Ribar: And as far as what we see going forward on emulation we expect it, we are still guiding flat to slightly down for the second half of the year. Again Lip-Bu said we agree, there is a secular trend but because of the macro economic conditions we are going to pay attention to that, and we do have a competitor in this space who is doing well and as competitive. As far as the revenue recognition on the 14 boxes that will be over a number of quarters.  
Geoff Ribar: And I think its clear Raj, that we are growing faster than industry as a whole and that means we believe that we are winning market segment share at places.
Geoff Ribar: Sure, first all I won't take it as a trend or commitment that that’s where we are going to be going forward. As always we have been moving resources gradually away from services to support our IP and SoC business and so that’s showing up in improved margins, I think is one of the major regions and in some cases we booked revenue here based on past practices where we did have, we book revenues sometimes where we collect cash for certain types of customers or we book some revenue where we collected cash that we necessarily have expenses associated with it. The margins aren’t sustainable at that level.
Geoff Ribar: So Gus there is actually some revenue in that business where we are still working to that acquisition accounting. So deferred revenue will take a big chunk and the model change will take another big chunk away from what we expected revenue. We also have some piece that’s a retention piece for some of those employees and that’s also showing up in the expenses. It is about a penny or two pennies different on our EPS and I think that’s probably the key message, it does also effect the operating margin percentage a little bit also which is why the operating margin percentage is actually going down a little bit for the second half of the year.
Geoff Ribar: Yes it's mostly hardware business that’s driving that, there is also some amount of billings we make to Japanese customers that we will get paid for in Q3. There is nothing unusual or unexpected from it.
Geoff Ribar: And Thomas I do want to emphasize it is substantial investment that Cadence is making for this business, substantial investment because it's critical to us and critical to our customers.
Geoff Ribar: So Thomas it will be solely dilutive in 2012 and solely accretive in 2013 but both of those numbers are materially impacted by the accounting and merger and acquisition accounting, without the merger and acquisition accounting those numbers would clearly be better. So it is material impact but those things will be complete by the end of 2013 and much more normal business model for that business going forward.
Geoff Ribar: I think the other thing right Sterling is when they revenue impacts, one of the things they want to do is get new products out the door and that leads to design activity, leads to engineers, leads to value for the whole (inaudible) will change of path.
Geoff Ribar: So I think both businesses grew quite strongly, if you want to jus abide core EDA IP and other and the system realization I think all of those things grew very steadily and very well for us. I don’t think any of them grew particularly faster than anything else, VIP was probably the fastest growing business for us as a percentage but I think we saw strong growth all across that so I think we are quite happy with the growth.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities: Lip-Bu I would like to ask you about your system interconnect or BCP business. Other than the Sigrity acquisition in what other ways do you think you will be making new commitments or investments to renewing your overall competitiveness in the BCP business, number of years ago you recall with the restructuring how the company pulled back in some ways from that area and now you seem to be renewing your interest net area, so and what broader ways are you looking to grow that business other than this particular acquisition.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities: In the hardware emulation business, would it be fair to say that you are going to be selling the current version of Palladium until sometime well into next year, so Mentor has a new box in the market of course but you are going to continue to have available the version you had the last couple of years at least until next year.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities: Okay and lastly for Lip-Bu again, you referred to a positive development with respect to physical verification but how do you foresee your prospects outside of the RC and LVS in other forms of physical verification, what investments are you making there or how -- what kind of prognosis would you have yourselves there.
