John Wall: Thanks, Ruben. Good question. But yes, I mean, as we said, business was stronger than expected, particularly in hardware and IP. And last quarter, we were concerned that compliance with some containment measures around the globe would impact everyone’s day-to-day operations. And we expected those measures to impact us in three ways. We thought if our customers’ offices remain closed that would impact us on the – on our ability to install hardware. On the IP side, access to our own IP labs would impact and we were fearful that, that would impact our ability to complete delivery in our IP. And then the other thing we were concerned about was that if the shelter-in-place restrictions were prolonged we were concerned that the pandemic would disrupt the normal business and operations of many of our smaller customers and that would impact their liquidity. And ultimately, we were preparing for collections challenges on those accounts in the event that some of those customers were unable to pay us for what they purchased. On reflection, as I said in the script, on reflection with Q2 behind us business was stronger than expected. Our team adapted well to the delivery challenges. The issue though on collections from smaller customers remains that the potential collections impact is a concern. We received a number of requests from customers to delay their payments to us. We have chosen to continue to provide services to those customers and some will eventually get back on track and pay us, but many, despite theirs and our best efforts may not be able to get back on track and we will likely fail to collect on a number of accounts. And our best estimate of that is we have basically reserved for about $17 million worth of bookings. Right now as of the end of Q2 to put that in context, over the 3-year period from 2017 to 2019, we didn’t collect on $36 million worth of orders. So we pause revenue now on $17 million worth of bookings. So we are covered for twice the experience we had over the previous 3 years.
John Wall: Yes, absolutely, the impact on collections with particularly smaller customers is more heavily slanted towards our software business. So we paused revenue on a number of contracts where we think collections are challenging but and that impacts the software business more than it would say hardware or IP in many cases on the hardware side, because we get revenue upfront, we expect payment upfront. So you don’t have as much credit exposure there. On the IP side, much of our IP revenue is coming from royalties. And royalties are typically with customers, like with our top 100 customers, which are very good credits customers, they have strong balance sheets but this is really isolated to that group of customers that are outside our top 100. And it’s the kind of the smaller customers.
John Wall: No particularly. I mean, if there’s any particular demographic that’s been hit, it is smaller customers; it is right across the globe, but very much in smaller customers, and probably mostly in software over IP or hardware. 
John Wall: I think on the certainly on the royalty side, that I think royalties for the first half are like 25% higher and they were, like for the first half of 2019. I think it is hard to break it down in terms of where their strength in different parts of the business I think it is kind of across board we have seen strength across the board, the challenge in the credit side are quite random in the, in this - in the smaller pool of customers.
John Wall: Yes. Well our royalty revenue is related to the consumer electronics market mainly, but and we are seeing strength there like I say 25% up I mean, I think the royalties were around $21 million for the first half of the year compared to just under $17 million for the first half last year. IP was strong. On the design IP front our refined strategy of focusing on Star IP at the most advanced nodes continues to pay off. Demand for high-speed SerDes and DDR IP continue to be strong with deployments at leading mobile networking hyper scale and storage customers. And then on the Tensilica side, the highlights there were our customizable, scalable DSP IP, including the deployments in true wireless stereo and vision applications helped along with strong royalties to have a very strong performance for Q2 revenue and IP. 
John Wall: Yes, John, the – yes, good question that in terms of on the op margin profile there is a couple of things in that question. So, let me unpack it a little bit that in terms of the op margin profile, the expectation that we had and when we gave guidance for Q2 was we thought that some revenue might shift from Q2 into Q3. Our experience was an actual fact that there was a net shift the other way. We thought that maybe I mean if you look at our Q2 guidance, we went out with the midpoint of 590 having followed Q1, which was 618, which typically you would expect Cadence to be pretty much, I mean, 618, you would expect 618, 620 or something for Q2. So, we were expecting about $30 million to push from Q2 into Q3. As it happened about $10 million has moved, maybe just less than $10 million has moved from Q2 into Q3, there is about $10 million of deliveries that we couldn’t get done in the quarter that will now revenue in Q3, but we had approximately $20 million that came the other direction. And that was customers that you know as things lifted in June we had customers in new bookings in the second quarter that wanted to accelerate the installation on what they have purchased. And of course, as our guys had time when they were trying to – when they had some customers that they couldn’t deliver to, they just kept on going down through the list. I mean, typically at Cadence, you probably have, maybe two-thirds of your orders or bookings in any one quarter would fall into the, like the last month of each quarter. So, it’s unusual for such a high amount to get delivered in the quarter, but like I say, we – our experience in Q2 was there is probably some shift of revenue from Q3 into Q2, net-net, maybe about $10 million -- $10 million to $15 million from Q3 to Q2. On the expense side, in contrast to that, we – because of the uncertainty in Q2, we held up some of the offers on hiring that until late in the quarter. Once we got comfortable that you know what, we are good for revenue in the quarter and that it looked like customers were very resilient, our team was very resilient in terms of overcoming the challenges then we released the offer letters and hiring accelerated into the end of the quarter has continued at the start of this quarter. So, that’s probably meant there is some expenses shifted from Q2 to Q3 and some revenue shifted from Q3 to Q2 and you end up then with like a 35% operating margin in Q2 compared to our guidance of 30% and then Q3 is at 32%. Also, you mentioned operating cash flow, I think that if you recall I mean, last quarter, I mean, I hesitate to say it, but last quarter, we were mentioning this, we had deliberately closed some strategic business early in the year. And what you are seeing is we got paid for that business. So, you have probably seen an uptick in cash and an uptick in deferred revenue. I wouldn’t be surprised if my expectation right now would be deferred revenue will burn off from this level through the end of the year, because we deliberately aim to get paid early.
John Wall: Yes. And Mitch, this is John Wall here. I mean, just the fact that we raised the year despite the fact that we had some – we have some collection challenges that the smaller customer base illustrates that larger customers are investing more in R&D.
John Wall: Yes, happy to share with you, I think currently, we have a very strong – this is a good market for us. This is 10 markets about $700 million, clearly our product as we mentioned earlier, customers see up to 10x performance and then continue providing the accuracy. This time we highlight market-shaping hyperscale to go with us. And then we have over 125 engagements in this together with Celsius. And so I think a lot of momentum, a lot of multiple new wins and more important expansion of the – at the existing customers. So I think overall, we are very excited about the product we have and we continue to really drive the differentiation and engaging with the leading customer that can see the value.
John Wall: Yes. Mitch, I mean, we don’t guide bookings. But given that we closed some business early in the year deliberately killed some business early in the year and pulled out some business from later in the year. I am not surprised that our RPOs have kind of – were flat from Q1 to Q2. But I wouldn’t expect a dramatic change between now and the end of the year.
John Wall: Okay. And Gary, any metal impact of the military in use, or the direct product rules is already included in our guidance.
John Wall: Again, like I said we have reviewed potential impact on our business and included everything we know today into our guidance outcome for the remainder of the year. 
John Wall: Yes, I think with the acquisitions are pretty small. It’s the 53-week definitely needs to be a consideration when you think about next year, Gary, but I mean, when I think last quarter, I said that I expect revenue impact for that extra week to be about $40 million. Right now. I would say it's probably closer to like $43 million, but again on the expense side, the, I would guess on a non GAAP basis, maybe about 33 it's, it's we will get a full impact of full week of expense. But on the revenue side, it'll be that recording revenue, part of our business that we get the extra revenue for. So I think the impact of that 53 week, my own modeling when I do it, I kind of assumed $43 million for revenue about $33 million for expense. And naturally you have to adjust for that if you are comparing a 53-week year to a 52-week year, but like you say, we are not guiding 2021.
John Wall: Yes. I think, we were very pleased with, with how our IP business is doing. I think it's mainly the functional verification business, that product category. I think that's probably the one that's increased the most, really strong hardware quarter, outstanding hardware quarter. I mean, the compelling it's a compelling value proposition with the integration of Z1 and X1 as a combination that's increasingly attractive to customers, the Z1 emulator with its differentiated custom chip based architecture and we were continuing to win new customers and significantly expand capacity at existing key customers. And then with Protium X1, the prototyping platform there has ramped up strongly and it has got a unique ability to provide very fast bring uptime and high performance that the cross selling between Z1 and X1 and vice versa, was very, very resilient and apparent in Q2 And it's continuing I mean the early weeks of July, we are already seeing that strength continue. But now, when I gave a range of $20 million again for Q3 on revenue and that was partly because we did see a shift from Q3 to Q2 for revenue slight shift, net shift and that was maybe on the hardware side, we saw that customers looking for earlier delivery. I am not sure how much of the pandemic is driving that behavior and customers are thinking that get the hardware in now, but Q3 is strong again. And again, we have included that in the guidance.
John Wall: Jason, for Clarity, specifically, I think in relation to your question, but one of our new customers for Clarity, this quarter included a market shaping hyper scalar we didn’t have that. It’s not a new hyper scalar for us, but, but new for Clarity for us.
John Wall: It’s more broad-based, Adam. Yes, I mean, it’s broad-based not just across the customer base, but across the globe. But the thing that’s consistent is that it’s typically smaller, smaller value orders and smaller value customers. And what we are trying to do there is that we continue to provide services to those customers, even though in some cases, I don’t think we will get paid. But what we have done is we paused revenue on about $70 million of bookings. And it’s likely that we won’t get paid so there won’t be a P&L impact because we are not taking the revenue. But and we will continue to help those customers for as long as we can, but and hopefully that, but we won’t lose good companies as part of this pandemic.
John Wall: Yes, the extra week is a big part of that. I know also, of course, I mean, I’m trying to estimate learning from learning from Q2, what we expect to fall or what would we expect to record in Q3 versus Q4. That’s why we have a slightly wider range for Q3, we went with 630 to 650. If we see an experience similar to Q2 where there was a shift of some revenue from Q3 into Q2, if we see that again, there may be a shift from Q4 into Q3, which means we will be up at the higher end of that range. But I’m not there’s I don’t have any doubt about the remainder of the year really, it’s just what falls into Q3 versus Q4. It’s our best guess right now based on the experience of Q2.
Lip-Bu Tan: And then add on, this is Lip-Bu. I think clearly, beside – it's kind of a block base but I think your question on the data center cloud, hyper scale, we see very strong demand because of the infrastructure of when people work from home. There is a lot of scaling so we see also very strong in that area, too.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, good question. So, I think overall our China business has remained quite good. And then the Q1 Q2, as John mentioned, I think clearly the hardware and IP, which are more upfront revenue and that help. And I think overall, I think we are providing that to an IP globally to our customers and meanwhile we comply with the U.S. regulations. And it’s very fluid and very – we are closely monitoring it, but so far I think all the uncertainty and we already built into our estimates. So, I think overall, we are confident I think we continue, I think 12% I think quarter-to-quarter sometime it varies, but I think overall, is a strong business in Asia and China for us.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. I think that – Mitch, good question. I think that geographically, I think overall, I think all the across the board was we see strong design activity, we don’t see any slowdown. I think this silicon Renesas in the industry with all the generational drivers like AI, 5G, hyperscale and this – we move into this kind of a data-centric big data that is really driving a lot of silicon development and the design. And to answer your question in terms of the big guy, the monthly crowded market-shaping customers, I think you kind of you can read from my transcript that you know clearly are highlighting all this full flow and all this proliferation with market shaping and those are the leader in the industry. We pay a lot of attention and this is a golden opportunity to double, triple down in R&D for the next generation products. So when this cycle recovers, there will be much stronger leaders. And so answer your question, the design activity doesn’t slow down, actually, those big guy are really, really driving the R&D. And we are delighted to be the trusted partner to work with them.
Lip-Bu Tan: Okay. So I think overall our outlook included all the estimate on the impact on the trade restriction clearly, we are monitoring very carefully, we are complying to all the requirements and make sure that our customer not commit to us is not turning to the military use. And so, it's a lot of more work and we are working there now towards that and comply is the number one priority for us and delay and support the customer is equally important, but I think we have made sure that we are complying to all the requirements.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. I think this is a very strong product offering for us. The two products have been well received on the Clarity and Celsius. We highlight about a win that we have and then most of them were over 125 in much stronger platform, we can even do more with them. And so both companies that you alluded to are very good companies, great companies and so far I think the consolidations, each one are unique and in our own way and then but we now try to be the trusted partner to work with them and then to continue to grow and then drive better solutions for them to have a bigger footprint for them accessible.
Lip-Bu Tan: I can start first and then John can fill in more. Clearly, the cloud solution for EDA to the customers, are very important. We want to provide their flexibility from the different range of use model either as a customer manage or Cadence manage and then you are using the cloud for the software and even include the hardware platform and also that we provide them the compelling productivity and scalability benefits. And at the end of the day, we really want to try to productivity and performance. And then if you have unlimited server, by theory, you should really drive the performance better and also more cost effective for the customer. And so we want to create that flexibility for them to do that. And we are delighted we highlight the key point of collaboration with TSMC and Microsoft to have this cloud for the signoff tool, campus in Qantas and then using our cloud bus that gives them the flexibility and they can optimize the throughput and the cost. And I think that is the way to go. I think we are going to be very cautiously moving towards the cloud. So I think the new product like the System Analysis tool, we develop as a cloud native and so it will be much easier and people – customer can see the benefit using the cloud. And then for all EDA tools we kind of tool by tool try to moving into optimizing the cloud. And staking so far we are making great progress. And we highlight that over under 25 customers adopted our cloud solution. So that is increasing we are delighted at.
Lip-Bu Tan: A quick question. So I think enough clearly this is a new product for us, Clarity. And so any other new product new customer, we highlight are new to us in the way that they are. Now we don’t have that business before. So the hyperscale market-shaping, hyperscale for the parity and the Asus Tech for the output Celsius and then we are delighted we have 125 engagements, multiple new wins, I think most important, our customers see the benefit and using our performance, up to 10 times better than incumbents. And I think the most important thing to highlight is not the not expansions at the existing customers and that is a very validation of who is really good they would use it and then they like it, they buy more. And that is the good validation of a good product. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I think that wants to know, again, is a existing customer, but I think it’s just continue to expand amount of product usage.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you all for joining us this afternoon. Our Intelligent System Design strategy is playing out very nicely as we benefit from new opportunities in Design Excellence, System Innovation and Pervasive Intelligence and an expanded total addressable market. I am very impressed and proud of the dedication and commitment shown by our employees to continue innovating and delighting our customers, especially during these uncertain times. We are all in this together and I am convinced that we will collectively come out of this unfortunate situation stronger as a company, as a community. And lastly, on behalf of all our employees and our Board of Directors, we want to give our heartfelt thanks to the extremely brave and courageous healthcare workers and others on the frontlines. And they continue to work tirelessly to fight this pandemic. Thank you all for joining us this afternoon.
