Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. Rich, Lip-Bu here. And we did not hear the first portion of your question, but I guess it’s about the 3D Solver that we announced. And we're delighted. And this first product, clarify (sic) [Clarity] is a truly 3D Solver and is a next generation solution that is for the electromagnetic field simulations. And this is our first entry to the system analysis. And clearly, we have other product we’re in the working on development. We're excited because couple of things. One, clearly, we look at our core competency that we have in the computational software, and that's what our EDA background from, and then also our 3D, some of our packaging technology that we have. That combination that gives us a very unique opportunity to really drive in the next generation disruptive; that's why we can claim up to 10 times the performance. And this is very cloud enabled, and then so that we can really provide a truly next generation, uniquely optimized for cloud and on-premise distributed computing, and so that we have something unique to offer. And stay tuned, and we're going to have more products coming up. This is our first entry to the system analysis market.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. I think, we're excited about this marquee U.S. semiconductor company. As I mentioned at the last earnings call, it’s a breakthrough and wide-ranging win. And we are very excited; it’s the early days of partnering with this customer to expand the breadth of our engagement. It’s across all our different tools. And we are excited about it. And clearly, everything we know is already built into our guidance for the year. But overall, clearly to support a very important customer we have to build out our AE and R&D support and to really proliferate across requirements.
Lip-Bu Tan: John, it's a very good question. So, let me just talk about this uncertainty. I think, we all know from the marketplace, geopolitical and also some of the slowdown in some segments of the industry like automotive and others. But, we're excited on couple of drivers, and especially AI, and then 5G and autonomous driving, and also the industrial edge, that’s something that I'm very passionate about. And because we are moving into, I call it, big data environment, it's all about data and the data analytics. So, in a way, it’s driving a lot of new requirements for the semiconductor. So, one, I mentioned about the workload specific or you call it domain specific process computing, general purpose CPU, GPU, that's a good place for them. But right now, the workloads have changed. So the -- we call it a workload specific, more application related. And that’s also driving not just a computing and also the -- clearly a lot of more exciting about the memory, there's some new innovation on memory; there's a new innovation of storage. And some of you have heard about it, NVME controller, the disaggregation of the storage, and because the massive, massive data that you need to be -- disaggregate the storage and network. And then also the other part is the high speed connectivity that able to scale and the connectivity speeds that’s required in the hyperscale. So, all this is going to be driving a very strong design activity, and we are in the middle of it. We are well positioned to capture that. And that's why I think the -- from our point of view, the design activity is increased substantially. We are excited about to supporting some of our customers to really embark on some of these opportunities.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. Just to add to what John is talking about on the China side. If you look at historical 2016, above 8%; and then, 2017, about 9%; and last year is about under 10% and this year is 10%. So overall, we have done well in China. And clearly, China is very committed to build the domestic semiconductor industry. And they're making great progress. And we are well positioned to support not just China, I mean globally in Asia and other places. And we want to be the trusted partner for them.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. Good question, Jay. Let me try to answer your questions. So, I think that intelligence system design, it breaks down into three pieces. One is the design excellence, and that is our core EDA and IP. So, we’re very laser-focused, make sure that our foundations are solid, we're the best of tool in every category, and that's what we inspire to do. And so that we're delighted on the digital and signoff sector we grew in the last quarter 12%. Clearly, we're continuing to succeed in the new customers and then right now in some of the proliferation on some of current customer in the most advance node, in the seven to five, we're moving on, 3 nanometer. And so I think we're excited about continuing to drive that. And then, we move on to that system innovation that is moving to the system domains. And as I mentioned earlier, really using our -- and we went to a soul searching, we found that in our core competency and the computational software, and then the digital implementation that we have, and it can be scale into the system level. And that's why we're excited. So, I think to embark on that into this, I call it, the first mover, is basically is the embedded the system, safety and security space with Green Hills; we're very delighted in that strategic partnership with that. So, that we're starting to move into that space, and that’s about $3 billion market that we're excited about. Then, next thing that we’re looking at is the whole system we call it the analysis space and that’s about $4.5 billion and it's about time to have some innovation solution to able to provide -- provide cloud enabled and scalable and using our strength to apply, because if you recall, we also had the PCB business and also the 3D technology, so that we can really apply that into this 3D Solver, and that is as a beginning on the EM electro-magnetic field simulations area. And stay tuned, we have continued the development and investing in this space and it’s a big market, $4.5 billion and customers love it. And so far the initial feedback from our potential customers, and we highlight too that I endorse our approach and then see the benefit of the performance and we’re excited about it. And then, finally, we are going to use that to the pervasive intelligence using the AI and machine learning, and basically, we're going to apply into, we call it, the inside and outside. Inside, basically using AI, machine learning to drive performance improvement, productivity, and performance improvement across all our product lines in terms of EDA tools. And we already see significant improvement on that. And then, finally, we’re also working with our leading customer, and using AI to optimize the flow and methodology, so that the customer can really drive the performance and machine learning, deep learning, and other applications. And that's kind of our approach.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. Good question. I think, Japan is important market for us. A couple areas Japan is very strong, and I’ll just name a few. Now, automotive, they are very, very strong. And also, I mentioned earlier the edge industrial IoT, the microcontroller. And there's a lot of controller collecting data, and then, couple of key prayer in Japan that we're very excited to team up with them. And also, the whole video surveillance, consumer related areas, and that AI machine learning can really play a role in it. And so, I think, this is a very important market, and then they are recovering very nicely. And then, right now, we’re engaging heavily with a couple of key customer that we want to be that trusted partner going forward.
Lip-Bu Tan: I think, Jackson, let me start first, and then, John fill in. First of all, I kind of highlighted that it's a very broad-based strength across our product lines. And even though, we highlight the hardware, we highlight the IP, we also highlight the digital growth 112%. And then the other part is also very exciting for us is the custom and system connect areas and also the nice growth above 8%. And then we are excited about -- that is why we’re investing in this whole system analysis is part of this analog custom interconnect system level. And that area has been doing well. And so, I think overall, I want to say that it’s across the board and then also some of the new -- newly developed products and that we already built into our guidance for the year.
Lip-Bu Tan: Good question. And we're excited about this TAM expansion. That's one of the very important focus for Cadence. And so, that's why we have this strategy on the -- we call it the Intelligent System Design. And, first of all, I think clearly, our foundation continued to grow in terms of design excellent, all our EDA tools continue to drive the growth with semiconductor company and also system company to drive differentiation. And then second part, we’re starting to address -- begin to address is that system innovation. And so, clearly, the opportunity in front of us is this whole embedded system, safety and security, our partnership with Green Hills is a very important part of our strategy. And then, now, we're starting to move into the system analysis space, and the embedded space, about 3 billion and then market analysis is above -- clearly is -- system analysis about 4.5 billion. And so, I think overall, we continue to matching forward, stay tuned, and we're going to be -- over time, we're going to be -- highlight for you some of the success we have. And then clearly, on the competition side, on the system analysis, there are couple of them, I think are quite well known that have some more legacy solutions. And the customers over time require increase on the system complexity, and also ship less approach and doing more simulation, and then larger design and that will require solution that needs more capacity and also higher performance. And that will play into our strength in terms of algorithm, expertise and method distributing multi-processing capability. And so, I think those are the things that really we find a unique opportunity or unique qualification we have to play in this market.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, a couple of things we’re kind of positive about is a Tensilica, the proliferation adoption for the machine learning, vision, audio, and also automotive consumer surveillance. We added 8 new customers. On the design IP side, clearly, we have the 112 gig long reach SerDes IP, and this is a must have for the hyperscale infrastructure. And we are just at the beginning of it and we are delighted, marquee semiconductor companies adopt it, and more to come and stay tuned, and we'll have more updates for you.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, Gal. Our upfront revenue comes predominantly from two main sources, IP and the hardware part of our functional verification group. The expectation for better functional verification growth leads directly to that revision of our outlook for the recurring revenue mix. We're now expecting high-80s for 2019.
Lip-Bu Tan: And in some way, we try to drive the performance and productivity for our customers by moving to the cloud, so that you can address the peak load and you can parallel the distributor to the unlimited server that the cloud infrastructure provides and that is tremendous value to our customers.
Lip-Bu Tan: It really depends on the customers. And they can use hybrid, using the on-premise, and address peak load with the cloud or they want to from scratch, some of the startup, they want to be all cloud, we are also open to that. So I think there are a lot of different models. And we basically want to make it available to our customer, whatever they chose and make sure that is secure and make sure can drive performance and productivity for them and that is our main driver for using the cloud and then basically we are supporting them and they have option either customer managed, using the Cadence managed or Palladium Cloud.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you all for joining us this afternoon. In summary, our business is mission critical to silicon development, which is the cornerstone of all design activity. Through our strategy, we are capitalizing on multiple technology waves and further proliferating our solutions with a broader base of customers. Next phase of our strategy, Intelligent System Design, brings new opportunities in the design excellence, system innovation and pervasive intelligence, and an expanded total addressable market. In closing, I would like to thank all our shareholders, customers and partners, Board of Directors and our hardworking employees for their continued support.
John Wall: Sure, John, great question. I mean, for the year, looking at the year, our annual merit increase is going to effect in July. So that impacts the second half of the year. And of course, over the course of the year, we're investing in R&D and field resources to support proliferation of our solutions with market shaping customers. And I say customers plural, it's not all for one, one customer.
John Wall: Hi, Mitch. I'll take the second part of that question first, if you don't mind. I mean, in terms of calling out China separately, yes, you'll see that in revenue by geography table in the CFO Commentary and in our 10-Q. Generally, any lumpiness in the percentage of revenue is probably caused by our IP and hardware businesses. That will -- our IP and hardware revenue is generally more lumpy than the than the rest of our business. And in relation to your first question, we're not really ready to put out long-term targets right now. We're always looking at how to improve operating performance. And you mentioned, like over the next three years -- why we're not getting gains over the next three years. If you take a look over a longer time period and compare our current guidance for 2019, let's say our 2016 results, you've got a perspective on we’ve been able to scale the business in recent years.
John Wall: Yes, we had very pleasing Q1 performance for IP, but of course IP is lumpy and probably benefits against the better compare against Q1 2018. On the hardware side, if you recall, our functional verification revenue grew in the high-teens in 2018. And the last time we spoke to you, we were expecting functional verification revenue in 2019 to be approximately flat year-over-year. With Q1 behind us and with better visibility into the hardware pipeline, we are now expecting modest growth in our functional verification segments, despite the difficult compare. We saw a pickup in demand in Q1 for our hardware products and we expect that to continue into Q2.
John Wall: Hi, Jason. This is John. Everything we know is in our guidance. You're right, the first half does look kind of flat compared to the second half. And that's mainly because of functional verification, which includes both software and hardware products. But, that's quite lumpy, and our visibility into demand for Q2 looks good. Q4 is a very tough comparable.
John Wall: We're very pleased with our IP results in Q1. But IP in Q1 benefits from a relatively easy compare versus Q1 2018. We're not guiding the individual product groups, but we're very pleased with our with our IP results for the first quarter.
John Wall: So Cadence Cloud does not change our business model, it just offers our customers another way to optimize their investment in Cadence tools. We're not really expecting any difference in how our customers use our tools.
