Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. So, I think you have two questions. Let me answer the first one. So first of all, last quarter, we introduced the Cadence Cloud with collaboration with Amazon, Google Cloud and Microsoft Azure and we are very delighted that by now our offerings are already deployed into production by customer interest using the cloud for design is growing. We are very excited about the customer reception and we have a healthy pipeline of opportunities. And I just have to say that we are in the very beginning of the inning for the baseball right now in the World Series now. So, we are still in the beginning of the inning. And then early October, we are delighted to collaborating with TSMC launch their virtual design environment and I should note moving to the cloud, foundry partners is important, so they make sure that their IP are also in the cloud, the TSMC Cloud offering, so that now customer can use that and using our tool in the cloud to developing the SoC, this is very exciting. So overall, we are excited about the opportunity, but we are in the very beginning of the inning.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I don’t think we disclosed the memory IC percentage of our revenue, but I think clearly in this data-driven world, it’s all about big data and then also how to do the data analytics beside the compute, because the workload have changed. So, I think this memory and in-circuit memory, some of this application become very critical. So, we have a very strong footprint with the memory IC player and we are delighted to work closely with them for their next generations design and then some of this, I should note that NV, non-volatile memory side is ticking off in the hyperscale side and also all – it’s all about data, I mean, from the IoT to the Edge to the automotive driving, the ADAS and all the different IoT for the industrial 4.0, data become very essential and then how to address the latency and speed of time to get the data and then able to make some intelligent decision, those are critical. So I think there is a lot of disruptive innovation R&D is working on and we are very well-positioned with the memory key players and we are delighted on the tool and the IP front to work closely and close collaborating with them.
Lip-Bu Tan: Sure. Mitch, let me answer the questions on the environment. And so clearly, the design activity is quite healthy and basically driven by couple of things that I mentioned earlier, the data-driven and with the big data and the machine learning, deep learning that using the big data and then do the data analytics. And also kind of moving toward this, I call it domain-specific application, that’s very broad application to the very multiple industry from transportation to healthcare, drug discovery, manufacturing and of course the automotive related area. So, I think this all driving more and stronger design activity from the big companies and also the small company from the service provider. They want to optimize and differentiate their service. So, they are starting to quietly building up silicon development. So, we are embracing and partnering, collaborating with them deeply and of course our FTE strategy starting to really play big time in addressing some of this new growth opportunity, so that we can really focus on helping the customer to design that. So, I think overall answer your question, all these are driving the design activity, we see a very nice increase on our collaboration with our customers.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I think it’s a very important topic that tariff landscape is very fluid and very difficult to predict with our guidance is everything we know and also reasonably estimate. Clearly, we watch very carefully. Overall, we have done well in China and then China is a very growing opportunity for us and we have a big team over there to support our customer. At the end of the day, I think we are just really laser focused on supporting our customer globally in their design activity.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. So let me answer the first question and then John can answer the second question. So on the first question, as I mentioned earlier, this is kind of an early inning, but we are very excited with the customer reception and also we have the healthy pipeline of opportunity and then clearly, our partner with industry leader in the hyperscale cloud have been really very good and we are very happy with the collaborations. And then clearly, if you look at from the design point of view, if you can partition and then over the multiple unlimited server that cloud infrastructure offer, clearly the PPA run-time improvement is substantial and we already see that in benefit on that and the customers see that. And so in some way, we can make the faster and better performance for the customer. And so I think stay tuned, we are going to continue to drive that especially with the TSMC virtual design platform and using our tool and also the IP in the cloud that can be very exciting and we are going to do that also for other foundry partners. So, they make it available to our customers, whichever way they pay on the hyperscale, whichever they pay on the foundry, we will be there to support them and our tool will be optimized for their solution design.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I don’t think we break down on the percentage of the customer from China domestic customer, but clearly, we are engaging quite heavily. Our philosophy is to support the leading customer in their most complicated design globally and then China is included and there are some world-class companies from China. We went collaborating closely with them. There lie our true partnership trusted arrangement and then with the best design on the tool and IP and so we are going to continue doing that and then so far have been okay.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, let me start it first, Sterling and a couple of things. One, clearly the customer increasing the demand on the hardware capacity continue, we mentioned two large customers significantly expand their installation of Z1, purely multiple factor, but one of the key reason is a lot of complex design, they need more capacity for verification. And then talking about that, clearly also driving our verification suite and then we are delighted on the Xcelium side we have one large commitment to our technology from a market shaping customer. So, I think all-in-all, I think is a good quarter across hardware emulation Z1 and also Xcelium and then we continue to drive large-scale design, this is a must have and they are able to scale and then clearly, it’s a good balance between the existing customer and also new logos that we highlight that we have 5 new logos, the customer that are new customer to us, they see the benefit of the usage of Z1.
Lip-Bu Tan: And then Sterling just to add on, I think we mentioned the broad-based EDA hardware and IP and then by the way, the digital and signoff had a wonderful quarter, 9% growth. And then we have mentioned about 12, more than 12, the 7-nanometer design win on the Q3. And then clearly, we go deep into the 5-nanometer with our partners and customers and then we are getting ready on the 3-nanometer, so continue driving the improvement on the various different tool, so it’s very broad based.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, good question, Tom. And so far the feedback is from our partnership with some of the key customers, we don’t see any delay in the design, actually they increase, because there is a lot of new requirement they need and I highlight the NVMV [ph] related area and then the disaggregation of the storage that a hyperscale guy needs. And so there is a lot of innovation in the new material is happening. And then – so that you can really squeeze more bits into the memory cell. And so I think there is a lot of new development while heavily engaging with other key players. I think we don’t see the delay.
Lip-Bu Tan: Possible, but hard to tell, but so far, we are more related to that design activity and we see increase in that design activity and memory is so essential on the whole big data and the whole AI machine learning. And then latency is the scale-out the storage is significantly required, because such a big massive data from autonomous driving, IoT to the Edge and the requirement has significantly increased, so in some ways, put a lot of more pressure for the memory innovations and that should be good for us.
Lip-Bu Tan: Just to add on to what John is saying, I think clearly, Jay, I think the customers are paying for the value that we provide. And then that’s why we do a lot of innovations. Every year, I think you can see 6 to 8 new products organically developed and then clearly it’s driving the tool performance and so that we can really focus on the value to the customer. And then running the PPA, the run-time and then in the early days that last few years, we have been very focused on rewriting some of our tool on parallelism and then the next step we are using AI machine learning across applying into all our different tool and products whether we can drive better performance and throughput for the customer. And then lately as we highlighted to you, we are moving quite a bit into the cloud so that we can use the unlimited server to begin partitioning appropriately to scale the performance and run-time. So, I think clearly the customer willing to pay for the value that we provide.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. Just to add on John’s description, I think clearly we are hiring more in toward the R&D and FAE side. And then FAE clearly we want to make sure that we support our customer and then have a deep collaboration with them. On the R&D front, we see a great opportunity for further innovations basically more into the data science and into the machine learning, deep learning and also some of the new tools that we have some new idea how to drive more success in term of PPA and run-time to serve our customer better.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. So, I think clearly the design complexity has increased substantially based on the various application I just mentioned earlier, big data and data analytics. And so the capacity requirement, how to address the interconnect high-speed and also some of this memory scale-out and all of these are going to be critical and besides of our tool how to scale it and also some of the compact design how to use the cloud to address some of this requirement. And then the other part is also in our emulation – hardware emulation, clearly we are developing the next generation too early to give you the guidance, I mean, so far, we are making good progress on the next products and then going to be continued to increase the capacity to meet the customer. Same thing with our FPGA prototyping, stay tuned, we are going to have more announcements in term of increasing the capacity and the scale-out to provide the customer needs like the company like you mentioned earlier, NVIDIA and any large-scale design like massive parallelism and AI machine-learning application in some of the big infrastructure switch – network switch related require varied capacity increase and also developing the design is getting a lot more complex and also meanwhile pushing into the 5-nanometer and 3-nanometer. So I think this is all exciting for us and we work closely and listen very closely with the customer and collaborating with them and supporting them.
Lip-Bu Tan: And so let me start, first of all, in closing through continuous innovation and execution, our system design enablement strategy has positioned us to capitalize on multiple technology waves and further proliferate our solution with a broader base of customers. We are proud of the innovation and inclusive culture we are building at Cadence. And I would like to take this opportunity to thank all our shareholders, customers and partners, Board of Directors and hardworking employees globally for their continued support. Thank you all for joining us this afternoon.
John Wall: And Gary, just to address your second question, there is no material impact from the Cadence Cloud on Cadence revenue although Cadence Cloud is a valuable addition to our product portfolio for both customers and Cadence. It’s not a material impact to our revenue in Q3 or expected to be a material impact in Q4.
John Wall: Yes, so Mitch, this is John. Yes, the difference is down to $12 million and it’s mainly due to how IP revenue is recognized under 605 and 606. Under 606, the new rules, we recorded IP revenues we delivered the IP to the customer. Under 605, the old rules, some IP cannot be recognized until all of the IP committed in the contract are delivered to the customer. As a result, we recorded IP revenue during Q2 and Q3 under the new rules that will show up in Q4 revenue under the old rules. Just for clarity we expect the revenue under the old rules to be $12 million higher than revenue under the new rules, but just wanted to make that clear.
John Wall: Yes. And Monika, I wouldn’t focus too intensely on any one quarter, I mean, revenue growth should be strong in Q4, but in Q3, we had a number of one-time benefits that don’t follow through into Q4. Expenses in Q3 benefited from the timing of new hires and some one-time credits to professional services expense. But that said, I mean, I am very pleased with what we are expecting in non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 29.5% to 30% for this year.
John Wall: Yes, good question, Rich. But what I would highlight is that we delivered hardware in Q3 for which we won’t collect payment until the following quarter. And if you have a look at our CFO commentary, we are expecting that to happen again in Q4, but in our CFO commentary, we have called out that we expect DSOs to rise to about 45 days at year end and that’s mainly because some customers have requested delivery of hardware in 2018, for which we don’t expect to get paid until early 2019, but yes, I mean, taking the year as a whole, that’s what I have been trying to point out.
John Wall: Well, what we saw at the end of last year was an acceleration of hardware bookings into the end of the quarter – at the end of 2017. And like you say, for that contrast with 2018 is this year some customers are requested earlier delivery of hardware in Q4 2018 for which we are not expecting to get paid until Q1 2019, but with all that said, we are not guiding beyond the end of 2018.
John Wall: We trigger revenue on delivery of the hardware. So if we ship hardware in Q4, we will recognize revenue on the hardware in Q4.
John Wall: Yes, I mean, we continue to see strong growth in Asia and for the quarter, the growth, if you look across the business groups, it was mainly in most of the revenue upside for the second half is in Verification and IP and that’s merely because those segments benefit from upfront revenue recognition on delivery of the IP and hardware. We had strength across all product lines.
John Wall: Yes, fair question, John. I mean what can I say that the second half is just really strong for us, that I mean there has been no change in how we do our guidance or anything, it’s just design activity is healthy. But I wouldn’t read too much into any one quarter, even one half, a lot of the things that are going in the right direction for this year, especially in the second half on both the revenue and expense side. We are operating the business for the long-term, Q3 in the second half does include as you said a number of one-time items. But even adjusting for those, I am very pleased with how the second half of the year is playing out.
John Wall: So yes, of course, yes, sorry, John, yes, that’s correct. About half was due to the one-time expense items and half due to the revenue growth.
John Wall: And John, to take the second part of your question, Cadence Cloud doesn’t change our business model it offers customers another way to optimize their investment in Cadence tools. But in saying that the Palladium Cloud is probably the best opportunity in the nearer term for incremental revenue, because it taps into customers who traditionally have not had the capital budgets to purchase emulation hardware and we had some revenue contribution from Palladium Cloud in Q3.
John Wall: So Sterling, this is John. Yes, revenue exceeded internal expectations across all our major product lines, but yes, most of the revenue upside is in verification and IP when you look at the half and that’s because those segments benefit from upfront revenue as you just said.
John Wall: Yes, that’s a good clarification, Sterling. Yes, revenue contribution from Palladium and the cloud would be ratable, yes.
John Wall: That’s all. Like I say, yes, it was just the timing issue like even when I look at – if I look at the second half without those we are still very pleased how the second half of the year is playing out.
John Wall: Well, approximately half of the operating margin improvement in the third quarter came from the revenue upside and about half of it came from expense benefits like primarily due to the timing of hires and those one-time credits. Yes, those were the major impacts. But like I say, I wouldn’t focus too intensely on any one quarter, like I say, when you look at the second half of the year, we are very pleased of how that’s playing out.
John Wall: So, Jay, on the pricing front, yes, we will continue to focus on pricing. We are always disciplined and value-driven typically and we get pricing improvements from add-on contracts from customers, but we typically do renewal with the customer every approximately 2 to 3 years. And then throughout the duration of the contract, you will get add-on opportunities and that’s where we often see the pricing improvement.
John Wall: So, Jay, I will start and I will let Lip-Bu then chime in with where we are adding, but yes, you are correct that if you look at our CFO commentary you will see there was an uptick in Cadence headcount and much of that from the beginning of September that which was part of the delayed hiring. That’s what benefited Q3. And then on the expense side, that was a one-time benefit to Q3, but of course, we ramped up hiring, so that expense turns up in Q4. And then I just want to refer back to why we didn’t non-GAAP out the one-time credits for professional services, that’s – and that was because we need to be consistent with the use of non-GAAP definitions and they won’t change on a quarter-to-quarter basis.
