Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, Paul this is Lip-Bu. Let me try to answer your questions. First of all, I think we all know that the macro environment [indiscernible] and unclearly, the second half a little bit soften. And then somewhat the result from the semiconductor company that are announcing the results have been mixed. But overall, I think from the feedback from our customer that design activity still remains strong. And engagement, the new model of engagement we have with the customer starting to bear fruit and that really engaged strategically with us on the next challenging product they have. Clearly, we see smartphone, tablets, server, area of strengths. PC, networking and some of the industrial and selective part of the automotive has been weakened. But overall, I think it's a very healthy, we see in terms of the design activity and our engagement with our customer continue to be strong. And then we look at some of our ecosystem partners like Foundry and now clearly, the Q3, a little bit correction, but they all indicate good pickup in Q4. So overall, I think the semiconductor trend we see is about 5%, 7% growth, but answer your question on the design side remain very strong.
Lip-Bu Tan: I think first of all, it's very hard to generalize a way to answer your question, and I mentioned earlier, I think some of the customer we have engaged specifically in the smartphone, tablet and server has been very strong. And they are heavily engaging with us. And then some of the low MPC and networking, I think is – I see it as temporary. Some of the infrastructure delay, but I think one or two quarter, semi will be coming a back -- and there's no slowing down that the design for the next-generation design. So overall, I'm optimistic and from the design activity point of view, we do not see any slowdown.
Lip-Bu Tan: Okay, so a couple of things. First of all, I think in this quarter, across our product line had been strong, and I think we'll continue the strength going forward for the second half. In terms of the growth area, first of all, let me touch on the digital side. Clearly, we mentioned about 2 of the top 10 semiconductor companies engaging with and now using us, have a nice incremental replacement for competitors. And then clearly with the 2 acquisitions we make, Azuro and Altos make us very competitive, especially in the advanced nodes for optimizing power performance in the area. So I think we continue to see strength in terms of the digital solution that we provide. In terms of the IP area, and I think I mentioned that the Denali continue to -- doing very, and especially in the memory modeling and then some of the critical storage management, and we announced wide I/O and DDR4. We have a very strong reception from the customer and we have been very focused on highly differentiating we call it interface or connectivity IP. And we are going to continue doing that, and we see strength on that. And then in terms of the analog side, and I think we continue to see the proliferations from our customers, and we don't see any meaningful competitors' position then. So I think we'll continue to do very well and then in the longer run, I think the EDA360 is really our vision and our strategy. We are laser-focused on that whole SoC realization and the System Realization and we have a lot of good traction there. In time I mentioned about the System Development Suite that we announced. We have received a lot of very positive customer feedback like ARM, NVIDIA, Western Digital and continue to expand the list. So clearly, the application-driven is a fast-growing sector. And then we continue to drive deal quality improvement, and so I think we'll continue to be optimistic, cautious/optimistic about the progress we are making.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, so I think Rich, first of all, I think you’re talking about the pattern I think Geoff mentioned to you, in terms of the customer engagement we have, we continue to see a lot of strength and a lot of engagement because time-to-market is so critical. Somewhat a complex design and some of the customer tell me that they really need it. It's a lifesaver and they would like to buy more of that. So I think we continue to see strength and with the industry development moving down below 40-nanometer and with the best of class and it's a must-have.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, so I think if you look closely into our Development Suite, it's really built around a whole emulations. And that's why you have the whole virtual co-design hardware and software and also the Rapid Prototyping, and that is a very good growth engine for us in terms of what we discuss with the customer, time-to-market, time for integrations and that are really critical for them especially in the SoC. And so I think it's not just looking at just pure hardware. We should look at the whole other software to drive productivity and time to integration, time-to-market and that is very critical to win in this marketplace.
Lip-Bu Tan: Absolutely. And that's why 2 years ago, I really focused on the top 40 customers. And clearly, for a start-up company, [indiscernible] are not backing as many and then secondly, some of – even the public company, if they don't have -- able to create a platform, it's become harder and harder to be a stand-alone company. So I think a couple of key platform company and I call it a winning company. We'll just have to continue increasing and we are making great progress, we mentioned about 2 of the top 20 in this quarter and then continue we’re going to make progress, and I think it's critical for our health of the company.
Lip-Bu Tan: No. We continue to drive the deal quality, and we continue to provide that shorter duration so that we are aligned with the design cycle with the customer. And so that we continue to drive value to provide to our customer, and we want to be there so that a trusted partner that they can count on us to provide the solution they need to time-to-market and then to win in the marketplace.
Lip-Bu Tan: So I think Jay, let me answer that question. So first of all, we try to be aligned with the customer in the design cycle. And we're the ones who give them too much and that give them too little that are nervous. I think it's kind of case-by-case with the customer. And then more important also, we want to have it a little bit shorter so that we can really introduce new technology, new product or new solution that we can provide to them and so that's kind of our strategy.
Lip-Bu Tan: Let me answer that and then Geoff can add on to that. So first of all, I think we feel comfortable with our R&D spending and we continue to drive our efficiency and also very focused and targeted in terms of the digital mixed-signal flow, IP and SoC and also the system level. And we drive some of the road map in terms of how to provide the best solution to the customer and that we also did acquisition: We acquired Azuro and acquired Altos. So will continue find the best solution, the best product we can continue to drive success with the customer and then listen to the customer. So I think between the R&D spending and then the acquisition, we feel comfortable with our directions.
Lip-Bu Tan: So in closing, Q2 was a great quarter for Cadence, and we have momentum going into the second half. We are introducing exciting new products like System Development Suite that expand our market. We are winning new business at important accounts on strength of our technology. We are making acquisition that matter to our customers. And our key operation metrics are all improving. Thank you everyone for calling in this afternoon. And we are looking forward to speaking with you soon and thank you again for joining us.
Geoff Ribar: Yes. It's obviously a secular trend. Emulation is becoming more and more important, and we think we are doing very well in it. The reason the second half is down for us has to do with the manufacturing bubble that was created on initial orders for Palladium XP. We've now worked through that manufacturing bubble. Having said that, we don't guide specifically on hardware revenue and numbers, but we are of course, going to see growth year-over-year.
Geoff Ribar: And I think just a couple of pieces, Sterling, of tactical, to back some of that up. The 2 top 10 semiconductors companies in the world will had over $10 million of annualized run rate. So that's obviously material to us. I think also the duration of our backlog has come down as the duration of our bookings have come down. And I think that's increased the quality of our backlog, increased the confidence in our future guidance.
Geoff Ribar: You're correct. Emulation is going to be down in the second half of the year, and we're making that up largely in software, right, and maintenance component to our business. We expect the Emulation business to be a good business next year, and we expect Q4 to be approximately where you just worked out. Having said that, we’re really not guiding 2012 yet.
Geoff Ribar: I think on the other side, it also helps the productivity of our customers, right, and the amount of engineers and resources they need to use to get the design out the door.
Geoff Ribar: Yes, obviously hardware margins are lower than software margins, but we also have some offsetting trends. We're going to have some increases related to higher commissions, related to higher bookings. So -- and we'll also have some incremental expenses related to the 2 acquisitions that we've done.
Geoff Ribar: So as you know, Tom, we moved the notes to current, the 2015s because we're traded over the essentially over the trigger price, if you want to look at it. We expect the note hedges to move in tandem. We expect the notes to be current as long as the share prices stays over that price. We don't expect the notes to be converted. They’re trading at a materially higher price in the market than conversion, materially higher price, so we don't expect the notes to be converted at all.
Geoff Ribar: I don't think it's even the price of our stock that would allow the notes to be converted. They get a nice interest payment on it and until it becomes closer to 2015, it's really not an issue.
Geoff Ribar: So the cost of product is largely hardware and the second question can't really answer because we don't give specific on revenue for hardware.
Geoff Ribar: No, it's just that the swings that used to be caused by Japan aren't as relevant anymore. So there's no really other material changes as to how our, how we manage our maintenance.
Geoff Ribar: So Jay, what we've said consistently about bookings and this applies to total bookings, right? We tend to look at total bookings, is that we expect '11 to be better than '10 and '12 to be better than '11, and this is related to the model change and also our normal renewal cycles. We haven't gotten much more specific beyond that. We've said that Q4 2012 will be essentially when we're fully converted on our model change and 2013 will be the first year where we're fully in our new model. And really can't comment on 2005 to 2007 or what's going to take to go forward. We're guiding that far out yet.
Geoff Ribar: And specifically, from Q1 to Q2 on engineering spending it was relatively flat. Obviously, social security and FICO kind of rolled off as people made it over those limits. And second of all, there's was little bit more vacation taken. We expect those numbers to increase though in the second half of the year for the reason Lip-Bu gave.
