Geoff Ribar: Thanks, Lip-Bu and good afternoon, everyone. Our CFO commentary should be referenced in conjunction with both my remarks and earning press release issued today. Overall, 2015 was one of the best years in Cadence's history. Our innovation is paying off, and our execution was superb. Now, for the results of Q4 and fiscal 2015, bookings totaled $1.9 billion, an increase of 7% over 2014. The book-to-bill was 1.12, and yearend backlog was $2.3 billion, up 10% from the prior year. Weighted average contract life for Q4 was 2.8 years. For the year, it was 2.58 years, within our expected range of 2.4 to 2.6 years. Revenue for Q4 was $441 million. Revenue for the year was $1.7 billion, up 8% year-over-year. Without the extra week in Q4 2014, year-over-year growth would have been 9%. Over 90% of the revenue for the year was recurring in nature. Non-GAAP operating margin for Q4 was 29%. For the year, it was 27% compared to 25% for the prior year. The positive variance relative to our initial guidance for 2015 was due to effective resource management, lower than planned headcount, better than expected hardware margins, and favorable foreign exchange trends. GAAP net income per share for Q4 was $0.26 and $0.81 for the year. Non-GAAP net income per share for Q4 was $0.31, up 15% year-over-year. For 2015, non-GAAP net income per share was $1.09 compared to $0.94 for 2014, up 16%. Operating cash flow was $123 million for Q4 and $378 million for the year. Cash and short-term investments were $711 million at year end, unchanged from end of Q3. DSO were 35 days, an increase of seven days from Q3. We repurchased 5.5 million shares of stock in Q4 for $120 million. For the year, we repurchased 16.3 million shares for $333 million. At year end, $960 million remained in our current $1.2 billion repurchase program. On January 28th, 2016, we entered into a three year, $300 million term loan. We also drew $50 million on revolving credit agreement. Now let's turn to our outlook for fiscal 2016 and the first fiscal quarter. For fiscal 2016, we expect bookings in the range of $2 billion to $2.1 billion, which equates to an 8% growth at the midpoint. Revenue in the range of $1.79 billion to $1.84 billion, which would be a 7% growth at the midpoint. Non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 26%. GAAP EPS in the range of $0.72 to $0.82, and non-GAAP EPS from $1.15 to $1.25, which is up 10% at the midpoint over 2015. Operating cash flow in the range of $380 million to $420 million. Weighted average contract life to be in the range of 2.4 to 2.6 years. Approximately 70% of revenue from beginning backlog and weighted average diluted shares outstanding of 280 million to 295 million shares. Note that backlog is expected to grow 10% in 2016 based on the midpoints of the guidance. For Q1, we expect revenue to be in the range of $440 million to $450 million. Non-GAAP operating margin to be in a range of 24% to 25%. GAAP EPS to be in the range of $0.17 to $0.19, and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.26 to $0.28, at least 90% of the revenue from beginning backlog. There are several factors that will impact the seasonality of operating expenses and margin for the year. First is the fact that both payroll tax and vacation expense seem to be higher in the first half of the year than the second. Second, pay increases occur in Q3. And third, an expected ramp in head count throughout the year. You'll find guidance for additional items in the CFO commentary. Note that we have increased our DSO target from 30 days to a range of 30 to 35 days. We think this is prudent in light of the current economic uncertainties. Our cash flow was strong for 2015 and we expect cash flow to grow in 2016. Cadence had a great 2015. We had momentum going into 2016. Our strategic priority remains to develop innovative products, help our customers be successful, and proliferate our solutions with market shaping customers. So with that, operator, we'll now take questions.
Geoff Ribar: And I guess a couple of things, Krish that we looked at and considered before we mentioned that we don't see an impact in 2016, we certainly looked at whether customers would have greater economic power. We looked at market share shifts; we looked at potential for engineering synergies. We also looked at the past acquisitions that all through they were smaller -- a little bit smaller in scale over the past several years, where we've generally not inhibited our ability to grow our business with those customers. Of course, we are also getting increasingly competitive with our technology during that time. So those are some of the factors we looked in and we’re looking at that, we don't see an impact on 2016 for us.
Geoff Ribar: Yeah, Rich, good question. So, we are really focused as our strategic priority on developing innovative products. We want our customers to be successful. And we are attempting to proliferate our solutions with these market shaping customers. For example, I think you can see some of our digital successes that we highlighted during the past year with very good customer names, strong growth in our digital business, particularly with the top targeted customers, but also overall. We believe that's the best long-term focus for shareholders and the best long-term return for shareholders. So, we are concentrating on that as our strategic priority.
Geoff Ribar: Yes, we bought back 240, on our current plan we have 960 that remains. And as you know, we tend to buy pretty linearly and at…
Geoff Ribar: Yes, so for our business model deferred revenue means different than a lot of probably other software companies that you're familiar with. Deferred revenue for us is just cash that we've taken upfront, that we haven't recognized revenue for. One of the things we work hard to do is try to match billings, collection and revenue recognition in the same period. As we're doing that, deferred revenue will continue to decrease for us. For us, that's – it’s a liability, not necessarily an asset, as you would sometimes consider with the other companies.
Geoff Ribar: And again, remember, we -- as we said last year, we grew at 17%, it’s very close to what our plan was.
Geoff Ribar: And I think one more thing, Gary, that's important. Remember, we're mission critical to our customers, whether they are IC or system companies. And our increasingly differentiated technology is clearly helping us with our customers.
Geoff Ribar: So couple of points, Jay. Revenue did grow -- our emulation business did grow year-over-year, driven by both strong sales and margins for Palladium XP. As we also said, when we started shipping and recognizing revenue on the Z1 -- Palladium Z1, our next generation, we expected hardware, revenue to grow and margins to improve. I also will tell you we had one of our best quarters ever in hardware in Q4 ever.
Geoff Ribar: Yes. So, so good question. We're going to, as we've said before with the new emulation platform, we expect good hard work, growth in 2016 and for improvements in margin. We really are not at this stage going beyond that.
Geoff Ribar: Yes. So again, Monica, we said we don't expect and see any implications for 2016. It could impact the industry more in the long run. Again, the key factors we'll go back to our economic power change in economic power. Second is there are going to be market share shifts? And then third, will there be energy synergies within those customers? We've navigated, we believe, quite well over a period of time under the past acquisitions. Of course, no guarantee that that's going to happen going forward. The consolidation also has offered opportunities for us, right, to deliver innovative new products to customers in a way that we've been quite successful with. So it's very hard for us to quantify two years out, or what the direct impact is going to be.
Geoff Ribar: Sometimes some of our revenue that's IP is considered services if there's enough customization of that IP, so that some of the things that we'll call IP will also be called services.
Geoff Ribar: Yeah. So we've said that we expect Q1 to be remain 90% ratable. Obviously, we're not guiding Q2, Q3 or Q4 at this stage. We'll let you know when we do that. Again, part of hardware, there's also a maintenance piece that's always part of our hardware business also, which is ratable over period of time. But we're quite happy with the emulation platform and then the new prototyping platform and how they are going.
Geoff Ribar: So again, I think when we look at it, we do believe it will help the overall corporate margin, just because it's also helping their margin, improvements in margin in that particular business. Right. Strong revenue and good margins.
Geoff Ribar: I think obviously the transactions take some time to close when our customers consolidate, right. They also then have to work through their own integration, both planning and execution on their – in addition, the timing of the corporate mergers doesn't necessarily reflect the timing of the contract renewals for us either. So we have taken all of those things into consideration when we guided 2016 and said we don't anticipate any impact in 2016.
Lip-Bu Tan: Okay. That would be your first question, so let me answer that. So first of all, I think, we recognize 2015 in term of consolidation more and larger consolidation if I assume it correctly, more than 100 billion transactions. So that is the relative industry. By consolidation clearly we'll create stronger and more focused company that can do more innovative design. Long-term impact to EDA is very hard to predict. But we expect -- actually, we do not expect any material impact to our business in 2016. But I mentioned that consolidation could pose a challenge to our industry growth over a few years. But meanwhile, I think the consolidation actually provides opportunity for us to proliferate our newly innovative solution as customer looking for differentiating product development. So I think to answer your question, the consolidations for us, I think there is a trend, which is expected. But, meanwhile, there is a lot of pocket opportunity that we can grow our business with our solution that’s also unique and the best and in a way that we can proliferate with great execution.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, so let me try to answer your question. First of all, I think in term of our customer, I should breakdown to two parts. One is the semiconductor side. One is the system side. On the semiconductor, when they consolidate that means they really want to drive more of the unique solution that can win in the marketplace, continuing their strength in the leadership. And they will be really driving more advanced node, more efficient in terms of driving the result and performance. And that's why our innovative products with that in mind when we do all this innovation product to really providing the solution to help them in term of their productivity, time to market and also at one time in a performance PPA and that is critical for them. And also the whole system SOC in term of mixed signal, digital and analog come together and also how to verify in a very holistic way it would be important to that time to market. That is the first part. Second part is we are very excited in the whole system companies that we mentioned quite a few times and that are our system design enablement synergy. And that being IP is a very critical part of that, but more than that, there is a sea change in that industry in terms of application driven design. And just give you example, like [Indiscernible] is a big example and people, customers are starting to look at kind of the work load, looking at what application, the IO, data, analytical and there's a sea change in the architecture changes. And when we design some of our two end solution, we have that in mind so that we can really engage and support and give them the solution they need to drive some of this new design and some of the system company, I call it market shipping customer, they are really driving a very different system approach to the application and that our solution will be really nicely fit with them to optimize the application they want to drive.
Lip-Bu Tan: This is Lip-Bu. Let me try to answer that and then Geoff will fill more detail. So overall, we are very excited about our Z1, as I mentioned most successful launch of any Cadence emulator. Couple of reason, one is clearly -- is a first true emulator in the market with the enterprise class reliability, and also the capacity is five times in terms of throughput capacity improvement and then you know clearly we have a lot of overwhelming positive feedback from customer, I mentioned more than 10 customer already place orders and some already repeat orders coming and we are shipping as fast as we can produce, and so something that we are really excited. And in term of respond to the customer and it is something that customer really want in terms of true capacity improvement and performance improvement, speed, footprint and cost of ownership and that is something really, really important for them, and besides by saying that the latency in this Palladium XP II remains very strong.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, and I mentioned that first of all in the last few year we kind of grew the business, from zero, you know, slightly small to all the way to 12% of the revenue and growing at 17% last year. And it's time for us to kind of refine our strategy to focus and make sure that is sustainable and scalable growth and also for customer delight. And so I think those are the things that we are putting into effect and so that we kind of project more modest growth for this year.
Lip-Bu Tan: And if you remember, our IP business, there is three portions, one is the Tensilica. This is very exciting for us because this whole vision in our image processing and for object detection, for Big Data or for video sovereign and so very broad application. We are very excited. We are continuing to invest on that. And in our design IP for order industry standard IP, we continue to invest in that. And then thirdly is the verification IP that tie in very well with our whole verification development suite and that tie in with all the incisive and the JasperGold that we just launched was very responsive from customers. So, I think we tried a mixture that we're really providing a holistic solution to our customer in their overall design so that we can really strengthen the solution to the customer.
Lip-Bu Tan: If I understand your question clearly, we continue to drive success with our customers, even though they are consolidating, but we continue to proliferating our innovative products. The other part that we are growing quite rapidly is a system design -- system customer, and I mentioned earlier, couple of pocket [ph] opportunity. You highlight PC slowdown that is true, but we see some of this new application coming up really strong in the video related area, in term of the IoT and then most of this, the image vision related area, automotive in term of dash autopiloting, and then all these are driving a lot of data and sensor to the crowd. And that's why I mentioned earlier about the Big Data, data analytics, across multiple vertical markets all the way through medical, video surveillance and they want to have all this data to improve their business, even in the retail stores. So, I think those kind of are driving the silicon development and also driving the system company doing vertically integrated, and so I think those are the opportunities for us that are on two sides. One is stronger, consolidation company that we continue to grow with them and proliferate with them, and there’s a new breed of system enablement because we are uniquely positioned for our two, our IP, and then our system integration, hardware/software co-design litigation, and so that can really address the power signal integrity and time to market requirement from system company point of view so they can go to market much faster than a very compressed timetable.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, Jay, that's a good question. Let me try to answer your questions. So as I mentioned earlier we revolutionized our digital floor from ground up and Innovus versus our Implementation, Genus are Synthesis, and then the Tempus our sign off and then Joules Power are now Design. And so couple of things, just to give you a little bit of history. Nine months ago we announced the Innovus. We launched the products. Right now, we have more than 60 customers, six zero customers worldwide, and then eight of the top 10 semiconductor adopting the flow. On the Genus side, we launched the products about six months ago. After the launch, we have more than 40 customers, four zero customer adopting, and then clearly in our Tempus, I think we have announcement that we surpassed 200 tape-outs in Q3 we announced that. And we are approaching more than 100 customers. And then on the Voltus that is a power sign-off, and then 17 out of the 20 top tier semiconductor company adopting and well over 100 customers overall. And we are really exciting. Yesterday we launched our Modus Test Solution that reduced the SOC test time and then clearly is a ground breaking technology that reduced the time for test chip and also can really catch the potential manufacturing defects so that they don't have to ship bad parts of products. And that is very critical for customer success. And we are excited Global Foundry, TI, Micro semiconductor, Cequent [ph] and they are adopting the Modus, very well received from the [Indiscernible] code we just launched. So, I think, overall, it is a very exciting time for us. Truly is a very breakthrough technology that we have in the digital flow. And by the way, we also doubled; tripled on the most advanced node and then we highlight the 10-nanometer test chip with ARM using the complete digital floor, integrated floor. We have more than 10 full flow wins in 2015. So, all in all, I think clearly, it's not just for the new -- the customer also replacement of some of the existing tool providers.
Lip-Bu Tan: Good questions. I think you're absolutely correct. Its 150 million TAM market, but clearly it kind of be a more and more bottleneck now in terms of customer want to be able to ship products. It's our fully integrated floor that we are emphasizing; so on the whole system design verification and the whole digital front providing a solution to sharpen the design time, verification time and also the test time, and the customer spend a lot of money on the testers. But using this, usually you can augment that to really drive some of the design success and then time-to-market is critical for some of these companies.
Lip-Bu Tan: Good questions. I think this vertical market is very dear to my heart and the way I am understanding to do successfully is to listen and understanding their requirement and then look at the holistic way, how can we help them to make sure they are successful in whatever application they want to drive and in whatever the productivity they are looking for and then the vertical integration that they are planning to do. And then try to learn what they try to do and then the solution they try to provide. And then the best way to success is collaborating with them and then look at our portfolio and see how we can strengthen that and how are the pieces that we don't have, and either we organically developing that or through M&A to get that so that we can provide a overall solution to meet the requirement. And as I say, a very exciting time for my team and myself to learn new things and then along the way try to adopt and what is the best practice. And also learn what are the requirements they have, and they all had different requirement in term of redundancy and safety, function that they need to have. And then how can we incorporate our tool in IP to provide a holistic, secure environment solution for them. So I think those are the way we are going to grow the business with them and to work closely and collaborate with them.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I think you know, clearly we're still a long way to go. I mean, we’re continuing to be humble and work hard with customer. And I think the one single point that I can point to and I always believe the best product win. And so we continue to innovate, continue to drive and listen to the customer carefully, and then responding to the customer needs and then closely collaborating with our customer and also our IP and foundry partners, even the equipment semiconductor equipment company to work closely with them, make sure that we are providing the solution in a very proactive way and then suggest a solution and learn from them. And then all in all, I think this is something that we continue to do and a mission that we continue to drive excellence in execution to proliferate our product and adopting by the customers.
Lip-Bu Tan: And also I think just to add-on besides our new Z1 that we're excited about. Clearly, momentum also increased for our ProTM and that is our FPGA-based prototyping platform and also continue to drive emulation also simulation-related. And so we want to make sure that we have provided overall solution to our customers.
Lip-Bu Tan: Sure, Sterling. Clearly, IP is a very important portion of our synergy. We have a nice growth when we get started few years ago. Our goal is to grow -- book more than 10% of revenue. And then from emerging start that we have, through M&A and also organic growth we've reached that stage now, so we have 12% in terms of growth. Any of the new business -- you'd running to look at performance matrix and then see how can we sustain in scalable in terms of growth. We have a matrix just like our EDA business, and so we've tried to make sure that they map into the matrix and it's scalable and then we can have good business for us. So I think this is kind of Phase II of the growth and we're trying to redefine and then reclassify and then really tie into our overall matrix with the company.
Lip-Bu Tan: And yes, that is published information. And then clearly, they are projecting this year is a very low single-digit growth and so that's for the semiconductor industry.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I don't think I have it offhand, but I think clearly you can just add up the three big I plus a few others and PDF and other. So I think you should be able to get that, the growth rate.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I think couple -- first of all, I'm very, very proud of innovating culture that we implementing at Cadence. And that engine is really going very rapidly and this culture is very -- I'm very happy to see that. And then the nine new technologies differentiating product, sometimes it's very hard for me to be telling who is your favourite child and they are all very good, but clearly, you can see that we help us a lot in the digital and sign-off side. And clearly help us a lot into our hardware emulation side. Clearly, you see that in the system verification side and some of the innovation is happening now. We're excited about it. And then augment with great acquisition like Jasper and they have a very strong and under custom analog and we continue to drive some of the innovations and then the PCP business is also growing nicely with our Sigrity acquisition. So, all in all, I think we're excited about it. Out of the gate 2016, we're already first new product coming up. Modus test is very, very breakthrough technology we're excited, customer love it and stay tuned we have a few more coming up, but for this year, we are just as excited about the innovating culture and meanwhile using the M&A to augment that.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, first of all, we didn’t have that breakdown for the call, but – and I think Geoff already highlight 40% of our revenue come from the system company. We are working on it and then try to calibrate some of this vertical. Stay tuned. Down the road we may provide that, but overall, we are excited about that opportunity. The system company contribute 40%. It will be growing. And so we are excited about and we have a complete, very nice portfolio. They are able to support the solution for the system company to drive some of these application driven changes that they are planning to do.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. As I mentioned earlier, and we are pushing the envelope in the advanced node to be ahead of customer requirement for adoptions and then our tool has to be there to be ready. So we are heavily engaged on the tool and IP front, on not just 10-nanometer, 7-nanometer, we are also doing research on the 5-nanometer. The one that we highlight last quarter, we announced that with Imec. This is quadruple patenting and using the EUV on the 5-nanometer. We are delighted they chose us to be the platform of choice to work with them on the 5-nanometer. So we will continue the effort to be on the leading edge of the advanced nodes.
Lip-Bu Tan: In closing, 2015 was a year of great success and 2016 present us with exciting opportunities. I would like to thank all our shareholders, customers and partners, Board of Directors and hard working employees for their continued support. Thank you all for joining us this afternoon.
