Geoff Ribar: On Jasper, I think as we said, the majority of the bookings increase and revenue increase was related to Jasper. I’m pretty sure you can do the math on that. Happy to help, but I think you’ve got the basic components. The 2.1 to 2.2 is really just a mix in the current quarter. We don’t expect any change for the year, and nothing unusual happened, from our perspective.
Geoff Ribar: Yeah, Jasper’s immaterial on the results for 2014, and it’s immaterial because of the merger accounting and the deferred revenue impact on the merger accounting. So the two issues are mostly the gross margin on hardware, and secondly, the increased share count related to the calculated dilution on the convertible notes.
Geoff Ribar: Yeah, it depends on the particular acquisition and the particular makeup of their deferred revenue. So it will take some time. We said 2015 will be accretive for Jasper. I think that’s probably the most important factor.
Geoff Ribar: You know, our board and our management team goes through a process of looking at our capital needs, our cash flow, and basically we decided that we were going to do the stock repurchase. We don’t want to discuss obviously the details of that calculation, but again, we’re quite comfortable with our cash flow, quite comfortable with our business, and so comfortable with proceeding with what we did.
Geoff Ribar: Yeah, I mean, Japan is going to fluctuate, as I think we said a couple of quarters in a row. It’s kind of bumping along on the bottom, and we’ve seen it stabilize. But there’s going to be some fluctuations from quarter to quarter with us for Japan.
Geoff Ribar: Yeah, the cash flow guidance is down about $30 million at midpoint. The three major items that are playing into that are Jasper is certainly playing in. Again, we have deferred revenue. We collected that cash up front, but we have expenses. Secondly, the voluntary retirement program. And the third is the gross margin impact on the hardware business.
Geoff Ribar: We did a voluntary retirement program here in the U.S. to allow people to take a voluntary retirement. It will benefit our expenses on a go forward basis.
Geoff Ribar: I’ll start, and then Lip-Bu will take the rest of the question. Our hardware business has actually continued to be pretty strong. We’ve taken some deals that we think make a lot of sense to us, from top customers, and foreign customers. And you know, we’ve actually shipped more volume than we’ve done previously in the first half of the year. We expect to ship more in the second half of the year. But the business is competitive, and we’ve seen some pricing pressure, and that is impacting overall revenue for hardware, which will be down slightly this year, and margins. 
Geoff Ribar: Yeah, we just said generally that the business is competitive on the gross margin perspective. Again, we’re quite happy with the deals we’re taking. We think the deals make sense and are with great customers. But you know, the market’s competitive. We haven’t given specifics on which customers, etc.
Geoff Ribar: Yeah, we’re only guiding 2014 right now. We’ll give you more view when we guide 2015 in the January timeframe.
Geoff Ribar: It shifted to software revenue from hardware revenue. Hardware revenue would be a little bit down this year.
Geoff Ribar: We’re obviously not guiding 2015 at this stage, but yes, that’s the general Moore’s Law benefit of semiconductors. 
Lip-Bu Tan: A couple of points to just highlight. First of all, as you mentioned, we are moving toward a system design enablement approach, and basically it’s really driving the system design approach based on the view on EDA, on the system level view, providing the true IP software packaging board assembly and the system-level IP. So, really looking at the entire system and product in mind. With that, EDA is really the heart of it, and we are doubled down and laser focused on that. We have a whole series of good products coming out in the signoff area, like Tempus/Voltus, and now we announced the Quantus. And clearly we continue to drive significant improvement in the digital front.  And then likewise, we have also doubled and tripled down on the verification side, because that is where the time to market challenges are, and that’s also the complexity of the design. And then we have that whole development verification suite that includes all the way from hardware, and the formal analysis, like the Jasper, that is very relevant to us. A lot of complex SOC and processor related design is a must-have, and we really strengthened that. And we also have also very significantly improved the [incisive] part. In fact, this Q2 is one of the best quarters for us. And all in all, it ties in to the design and verification approach. And then with that, clearly we have a really strong foundation, especially in the digital front. We have a lot of design wins, along that direction, and meanwhile, mixed signal is the digital and analog combined, and then optimized for that. We’re making great progress with the EDA. A lot of momentum, customer signup for it, and that continues to drive differentiation in the mixed signal. As you know, most of the SOCs are mixed signal related, and that really plays into our strength. I think IP also is a driving engine for us. So all in all, I think clearly we are excited about EDA industry, growing faster than the overall semiconductor industry. We believe we can outgrow the industry based on our leadership position in various EDA products and also extend into the system level applications. So overall, we are optimistic in our product offering.
Lip-Bu Tan: I think first of all, we pay a lot of attention on the ICC2 and their announcement. And they are very strong competitors. We always respect them. And meanwhile, we continue to focus on our offering, especially in the digital front.  Clearly, we’re making great progress in the digital front. Our commitment into the FinFET design, and clearly we have multiple wins in the digital front. And then we mentioned about one customers using the Cadence IP and implementation tool to drive the industry’s first production foundry FinFET design. And currently, we have over 25 new FinFET design projects underway in Q2, and then we are already starting with multiple foundry partners on 10 nanometer. And clearly the signoff, as I mentioned in my script, Tempus at more than 30 customers signed up for it and Voltus, 25. And then the Broadcom and a few others. And then with the Quantus coming up. So all in all, we are kind of focused on innovation, focused on customer wins, and then focused on the advanced node. And we will continue to just focus on execution and then make our customers successful.
Lip-Bu Tan: Clearly as you heard from us, system design enablement, the strategy we have and we are executing toward that. We have a lot of momentum. And like Geoff mentioned earlier, we looked at the capital requirements, looked at the cash flow. We have a very strong cash flow going forward, and we discussed with our board. We felt that this is the right thing to do in terms of buying back more shares, and that serves the shareholders well. And that’s kind of our decision.
Lip-Bu Tan: I think a couple of things. I mentioned earlier in the environment, overall it’s good, because of mobile, video, wearables, internet of things, and cloud. And also the design complexity. And then the other part, because of our much improved product portfolio, and we are excited, looking forward. And also, we have a lot of momentum and wins in the digital verification. And also, Jasper is a wonderful acquisition. Great talent has come onboard. It’s a must-have.  And so overall, I think we positive on the overall view, and then meanwhile, as you know, this is a [ratable] business, and sometimes hardware and IP are a little bit lumpy. But overall, I think we continue to execute, to plan. We like what we see, and we just have to be very focused on execution and win the customer and support them in their success.
Lip-Bu Tan: I think just a few things to add. First of all, the Palladium XP2, released less than one year ago, shipping in high volumes. And then the XP2, we have significantly better performance and productivity advantage. And then we continue to drive success in our top customer and also system and also some of the new verticals.  And so I think we continue to do well. In fact, the first half is up. And then we put together really top talent and driving this whole complex supercomputer platform. And then our new platform is on our way, and we are excited about it, but meanwhile, we are focused on selling our Palladium XP2 and when the time comes, we will announce our new products.  But so far, we’ve been laser focused on selling and supporting our customers. Clearly, the top tier customer, we continue to increase and we add on, and so overall, it’s a very important platform and it ties in very well into our system development suite. And that has continued to clearly proliferate towards the system and also some of the new verticals. 
Lip-Bu Tan: I think digital is a very important focus for us, and clearly some of the new products we announced in the signoff, Tempus is very well received, Voltus is very well received. And we just announced the Quantus in the QRC side. And clearly, we have a lot of adoptions. Tempus, over 30. And then the Voltus is over 25.  And then clearly, we mentioned last quarter we have won big wins, and in terms of the design flow in the digital, we continue to have that, and we have multiple new design wins, because clearly, our product is coming up really, really strong. And then also, tying in with our advanced nodes, in the 16, 14, now moving into 10 nanometer. So clearly, it’s an area that we are really focused on, and then also tie into the custom analog, mixed signal. And that’s why I think too it will play into our strength, and most of the SOC are mixed signal. And the other part of the equation that helps us a lot is in the ARM, relationship. Clearly, the 64-bit deployment and a lot of customers are engaging, and that gives us a lot of window into our performance, and then leading to some of the digital [displacements]. 
Lip-Bu Tan: I think clearly we are not going to comment on any of our specific customer business or strategy. And so I think we’ll stop right there.
Lip-Bu Tan: Clearly, we are engaging with our foundries and then based on the customer requirements. So we work very intensively with our customer. If the customer decided to go advanced node in FinFET we support them to [unintelligible] that with the foundry partners. If they decided to move on to the FDSOI, we clearly support that. In my remarks, I mentioned about the DDR4, because of customer requirements, moving to the FDSOI process, and we definitely support and enable that.
Lip-Bu Tan: Sure, happy to share with you. This is the newest user model, to help the customer more. It basically provided our Palladium engine and platform, extended into the hybrid. That basically enabled a better processor software development. So in a way, while your silicon is still in development, you can start using our Palladium model to apply into the OS, the firmware, the software stack, and so in a way, you save a couple of months.  You know, one of the customer highlighted that it saved them six months in terms of the codesign hardware and software together. And that is a huge, huge time to market advantage for the customer. And we introduced that, and a couple of key customers love it. We embrace and are helping support them. Anything to save them on time to market is huge for them. 
Lip-Bu Tan: I think a couple of things. One, these are very new products we announced, in the later part of last year. This is massive parallelism, and then scale all the way to 100 CPU. We introduced them in the later part of last year. The response has been overwhelmingly positive, and on the Tempus side, we have over 30 customers, paying customers, and they are engaging heavily on their signoff. Same thing with Voltus. If I recall correctly, we introduced that in Q4 of last year, and we already have more than 25 customers using it. This is very significant. And then thirdly, we just announced our QRC. This is the abstraction offering on the signoff, and it’s also massive parallel architecture. This is very important. Customers right now are evaluating it.  And so I think we are really focused on the digital platform, initially focused on signoff, and then now we are working on the next generation in the digital implementation, place [unintelligible] and synthesis. Stay tuned, and we’re going to have a lot more exciting coming up. And we doubled, tripled down on the digital implementation side. And customers love it, and we highlighted one of the Tempus users is Broadcom, in their sub-20 nanometer floor, and this is very significant. So I think we are making great inroads into the digital front.
Lip-Bu Tan: I think clearly it’s a big [term], and digital and mix signal also impact into the whole mixed signal design. And so all in all, we only provide right now the 2014 guidance. But clearly, it’s a big opportunity, and that’s why we could recruit all the best talent we can find in the marketplace. And this is very critical in terms of the digital design implement. And it’s a big [time] market, as I can say.
Lip-Bu Tan: A couple of points. Clearly, the hardware emulation is very good for verification, finding bugs in the design, in a very effective way. And then meanwhile, we mentioned this Palladium hybrid. Actually, it’s helping us on the software side, so we can develop faster on that. And then we’ve also just announced Protium. This is the FPGA offering.  And so I think this is something that will tie in very well with our entire system development suite. And this is critical in terms of time to market for our customers. It’s a fast-growing area. You know, Jasper is a great acquisition for us, because of all the complex SOC, that are processor related. And it’s a must have. Customers request us to buy that. And so I think we tied it all together on the whole verification suite of offerings.  
Lip-Bu Tan: It’s a very good question, and in fact you will get different answers from different customers. But I think we’re very much focused on working with our leading customers, the winning customers. And clearly, FinFET is the way to go in the advanced nodes, and in the 14, 16, and 10 nanometer.  And so a couple of our key customers requested us to support them. And that’s why we have more than 25 new FinFET design projects with our leading customer. And in Q2, we see the development activity increased a lot on that.  And then saying that, you know, we also had a couple of customers decide to use the FDSOI for the 28 and 20 and then some go beyond that. So I think we are open minded, and we don’t have any buyers, one way or the other.  Our optimal objective is to serve our customer in terms of the most complex design, and then make it optimized for the foundry that they select, and then we work with the foundry partners to make sure that we provide the most high-yield performance based on our design tool in IP. That’s the most important. 
Lip-Bu Tan: We watch that very closely. Clearly, we heard some of the foundries’ announcements in terms of delay. And meanwhile, on the design front, it’s always ahead enough that manufacturing, we see the increase in the design activities, especially in the 64 bit related area, and also the FinFET customer engagement has increased. I think over time, clearly, the volume production will be sometime next year.  And clearly, the leading foundries are very focused on getting that done. And a lot of customers depend on that. So I think I’m optimistic that things will work out. And clearly, the foundry partners are very, very focused on that, and make sure that yield and performance. The test shipment of the [involvement] in the design, in activity, increased, at least from our visibility. 
Lip-Bu Tan: The answer to you is yes. We have customers request that. We are working with them. And so clearly, supporting the customer success is the most important for us. Make sure that our [unintelligible] and IP optimized for that process and that approach. And clearly, the customer has demand us for doing it. Clearly we are supporting that, and so to answer your question, yes, there is an increase in the activity of FDSOI.
Lip-Bu Tan: In closing, I would like to recognize our hardworking employees for the results we have achieved. And thanks all of our shareholders, customers, and partners for everyone’s continued support. Thank you all for joining us this afternoon.
