Dave Mosley: Thanks Gianluca.  Seagate is executing well, delivering financial performance at or above our commitments, maintaining a relentless focus on total customer experience, and deploying capital to enhance value for all stakeholders. We capped fiscal ’21 with our strongest performance of the year and we expect that positive momentum to continue moving forward.  We’ve demonstrated strong leverage in our business model to grow operating profits faster than revenue and in turn drive free cash flow generation. Our ability to consistently generate free cash flow provides the flexibility to fund future growth and employ a robust shareholder return program as well. Based on the current outlook, we expect to grow free cash flow appreciably in fiscal 2022. Our employees have been crucial to Seagate’s current success and key to driving our future. Over our 40-year history, Seagate has transitioned many times to address the evolving storage industry landscape; for example, we’ve recently pivoted our factories and technology to deliver mass capacity solutions and have emerged a leader. Now, we are focused on addressing the next mass data challenge with our Lyve product platform. To keep pace with these changes, we are investing to re-scale and re-deploy Seagate employees as needed to support our future growth and respond to the changing demands of the business. For example, we’ve launched a tool called Career Discovery earlier this year, which has already helped Seagate to establish networking and mentor connections as well as redeployment opportunities for hundreds of employees. Seagate has a broad bench of talent with decades of hardware and software experience, formidable supply chain management and manufacturing skills, and deep knowledge of chip design and data analytics. This expertise and strong customer relationships allows Seagate to understand the global mass capacity ecosystem and its architectures better than anyone. Tools such as Career Discovery are helping us deploy our diverse resources to support our future needs while enabling Seagate to maintain opex efficiency. We are confident that this focus on people will put us on a firm footing for continued growth and success. As we close, I want to thank both Seagate’s employees and those in our supply chain whose efforts enabled our ongoing leadership in mass data solutions. Our customers and our shareholders are equally deserving of thanks for their ongoing trust and support of Seagate. Gianluca and I are now happy to take your questions. 
Dave Mosley: Yes, thanks Leni. I don’t think we ever said that 20 terabytes would be a crossover point for HAMR, to your point. We have a number of different 20 terabyte platforms coming - PMR, SMR, HAMR. There’s a lot of different flavors of them, and they are targeted to different customers so different qualification schedules for each. We’re very aggressive with the 20 terabyte qualification because the heads and media for the PMR version that we referenced in the prepared remarks is already in the high volume manufacturing for 18 terabytes and capacity points below, as well - 16 and so on, so we’re very confident in that and we’re ramping aggressively with customers, giving them samples, getting through qualifications, and I’m fairly optimistic about that for the back half of the year.
Dave Mosley: Thanks Katy. Yes, I think we are chasing the demand right now, obviously, and so we think the front half is a little stronger. In the back half, there will be more muted seasonality than what we’re normally accustomed. We do--you know, that’s three quarters away, there may be some variability there, so we do have good relationships with all of our customers across all these product sets now and they give us a pretty strong sense of what their demand profile is going to be through the year. I would characterize this as muted seasonality for now but significantly up, we said, at least high single digits in revenue growth year-over-year, so it’s still significantly up and we’re still chasing it.
Dave Mosley: I think the other thing is we’re running--to the earlier question, we’re running in the high volume the heads of media that we already need to make more 18s or 20s, or whatever, so if some of the cloud markets were to take up above our plan, we could stretch there, I think, in the back half of the year as well.
Dave Mosley: Across the whole portfolio, it’s really the balance of supply and demand, so it’s not just about the exabytes at the highest capacity points. There’s strong demand in the VIA market, there’s strong demand for 8 terabyte families this quarter, strong demand for even some of the high end desktop products.  I think we’re trying to balance all these things for the customers. They’re giving us predictability and they need predictability - in a time of disrupted supply chain, everybody is trying to get the complete kit to attack all these market opportunities that they have, so that’s really what’s firming it up. I’ll let Gianluca quantify it through the course of the fiscal year.
Dave Mosley: Yes, thanks Sidney. I don’t think there’s too much inventory out there by any stretch of the imagination. It’s a little bit different if you looked at the enterprise channels - they’re relatively lower inventory, and we did see growth in the enterprise quite a bit quarter over quarter. As far as the cloud goes, worldwide I think it’s fairly healthy demand, it’s fairly well distributed. This is what we’ve been talking about for the last couple of years - we’ve always wanted a lot of different customers pulling at these levels, and we’ve seen that, so we’re fairly happy with the demand outlook and what we’ve got in the build plan right now for the next couple of quarters, because the lead time is so long, as we’ve said before. That’s really what builds our confidence, is these great conversations we’re having with customers worldwide.
Dave Mosley: Yes, thanks, and I’ll let Gianluca chime in here too. The first thing I would say is that there were a lot of swaps during the quarter from maybe some of the things that we had planned into things that were actually moving faster. Like I said, when you have demand everywhere, those swaps actually reflect a better supply and demand balance than what we had forecast, and that’s probably the biggest thing. Inventories came down, our factories are very full. The heads of media factories, of course, are being staged for the next couple of quarters as well, so all that kind of fits us financially. There’s mid to up as well, and we’re going to more cost optimize drives in the next few quarters as well, so we’ve started into the family of 18s that we’ve talked about, we like the cost on. We have a lower capacity Nearline drive that’s actually mixing in as well that we’ve launched, so those are all the positives. There still are headwinds from freight, freight logistics around the world is still not--it’s still there, it’s still an overhang, and there’s obviously complement prices in various sectors that are happening because of shortages worldwide that are affecting us a little bit, so this is the headwind.
Dave Mosley: Yes, thanks Wamsi. It’s really hard to forecast exactly what’s going on in Chia, and not just because of Chia itself because they are fairly transparent with their numbers, but because of the entire space that’s developing. We did say that on the growth of the NAS space that we’ve seen to date, there’s probably a fair amount of refurbished drives or drives that have been purchased one or two quarters ago, so it’s a relatively small contribution as of yet to Seagate’s overall revenue, and even in the exabyte growth perspective, I don’t think it’s very big, so we said maybe mid single digits, like you referenced. I think it’s a space to watch. We love it because it’s very innovative, not just in Chia and those applications but also in the IDFS applications that we talked about last quarter. The big takeaway is if it continues to grow and fast, it will have to grow with more new build, so that’s something for us to watch. But we’re not really forecasting very much of that into our guide right now because we’re going to wait and see a little bit, and we’ll react to customers who are trying to drive more demand in the channel as it happens. Mass capacity is still our business - that’s what I would take away, and that’s how we plan our exabytes and that’s how we have our customer relationships across the breadth of our portfolio. I don’t think Chia was that impactful from in that respect in the last quarter, and looking forward we’re not really forecasting it very much. We’ll just react to it.
Dave Mosley: I think that would be all about cost and maybe some kind of disruption to the overall supply-demand picture that we’ve been working on. If you go back six quarters, eight quarters, when we decided to make some of the investments that we did for the mass capacity platform on 16s and then transitioning to 18s and everything else, we put on capacity for that, we pivoted our lines for that. When the pandemic hit and the supply chain was so disrupted, that’s the thing that really hurt us.  What’s allowed us to climb back into the model is the exabyte demand is prone. I think we’d be a lot more resilient this time at this higher level, but that would still be the watch item. We don’t forecast that, by the way - we think the exabyte curve is still going up and over the next few years, you know our thesis, it’s going to grow very big, and so we’re still fairly bullish on exabyte growth without this thing taking a backseat or a U-turn. But in these environments, we’re always--everybody is careful, so that’s the way I’d characterize it.
Dave Mosley: Thanks Tom. We actually--well, we don’t manage for market share, we’ve been talking about that for quite some time. We’re very happy with this platform, 16s going to 18s going to 20s, and going beyond as well, and obviously that’s allowed us to be very flexible, so when people come in for a few more units, they want to swap something in their plan, they want to get on upside, we can actually get it done out of the factories and that’s probably the biggest reason for why we’ve done really well. And I think back on the 16s, we had that leadership just in total capacity available. As far as I’m concerned, we’re executing the plan. So, we’re out talking to customers, we tell them what do you need, we plan that way in advance. We talked about this last quarter, that if you want an 18 in December, you better tell me now because I’m starting the units for it now. That is, I think, really resonating with customers right now. We can be predictable like this. So that’s the way we’re planning the business and we’re fairly happy with the portfolio.  Again, not driving really for market share or anything like that. I think that’s how our customers are managing us as well, which is be predictable for me and because these are massive investments that they have to make as well, so they need to know that the product is coming.
Dave Mosley: Yes, I’ll tell you it’s kind of more of the same, really, because if you think about it, if you were buying 16s before and now you want to ramp to 18s or 20s, we’re still having the same discussion, it’s just a different drive. We’re confident in our yields and throughput and our ability to go hit those high volumes. There’s not much legacy business to take heads of media out of anymore, to your point, but there’s still, I said well over 100 million heads per quarter to be able to do some swaps. The issue is just lead time, so if the swaps are in the last two or three weeks of the quarter, there’s no way, right, so that’s what’s changing, I think, in the market.  I don’t think we’ll go back into a point where we put over-capacity in for that. I think we just -- we get into the -- stay inside of our financial model, we’ll invest in the CapEx that we see for the demand, and then maybe if the demand goes even bigger than we can up our investment, we can do that one tool at a time. We don’t need to do it with a massive swing, I think.
Dave Mosley: No, I don’t think so, but the non-HDD business did grow, as we talked about in the prepared remarks. So we’re fairly happy with the breadth of our portfolio and how it’s growing. Relative to the Lyve business, the market is clearly out there. There are people who are struggling with the data that they have on the edge, being able to move that into the cloud, find those temporary resting spots like we’ve talked about a lot with Lyve such that they can move it to its final destination in some cloud service provider or multiple cloud service provider instances, so I’m really encouraged by all the customer engagements that we have. We have to learn this market really well and then it will grow, so I’m really pleased with what I see and I hope to share that at some point in the future with everyone.
Dave Mosley: Thanks Ananda. It’s interesting because I think the front end of this cycle, if you will, is not really about adding too much mass capacity. It was more about just all the digital transformation that was going on during the pandemic. So it was networking and it was compute and it was making sure the applications can run with much, much heavier workloads than they were certainly designed for or were contemplated six months earlier. It was a tremendous stress on people. It’s been our thesis that the storage back end to that will come and it will come bigger, and I would say that even the signal we’ve seen that’s fairly steady growth of the cloud. I still think it’s going to grow even bigger, so it’s a very different cycle to your point. It’s not a matter of putting on excess capacity and then learning some kind of way to use that capacity better out into the market. I think it’s a matter of making sure you focus all your investment dollars on those applications, satisfying everyone on the front end, usually from a performance perspective, and then the data will grow. And the back end of the cloud is clearly going to grow from here, and so we’re very excited about that and making sure we have our portfolio as clean as we can by the time that -- the really big numbers come.
Dave Mosley: Yes, thanks - much more full than we were, but last year was painful in July, of course. But I would say no, we’re not full, and we can still do more. We can certainly still do more exabytes. I think the more we have to do, the more predictable we need it to be, and this last quarter we were actually challenged operationally to make a lot of these swaps, because we saw upsides in many markets and we were moving materials from one market to another.  Over the long haul, we could do more exabytes right now, but it’d have to be even more long-term predictability, I think, in order to achieve the exabytes. And we’re excited about it and we’re telling everyone that’s the way we’re thinking about it.
Dave Mosley: And as we ramp to 18s and 20s and things like that, we’ll get more exabytes out obviously than the existing head media footprint that we have, so.
Dave Mosley: Yes, I think the discussion around how things are going to go six months and nine months out are continuing, and it’s really good--I think everybody wants a certain amount of predictability right now. We certainly do, because we’ve got factories to run, parts to bring online, and things like that, but a lot of supply chains are tight and so people want to make sure that if they’re going to invest in those supply chains, they’re going to have the full kit together, so I think the entire industry is behaving quite well for this perspective right now. It’s helping us quite a bit to plan our business, Kevin.
Dave Mosley: You know, we debate that a lot, and I would say it’s 50/50 - it’s always been kind of a toss-up. Sometimes one races ahead of the other. Right now, as we said in the prepared remarks, there’s clearly still growth in the cloud and then as people are coming back on prem, they’re realizing the investments that they want to make that perhaps they hadn’t made six or nine months ago, so they’re continuing those investments. I would say there’s growth in both and it’s not enough to knock it off the 50/50 split right now.
Dave Mosley: Yes Aaron, we do. Just as I answered Kevin’s question, two years ago it was 80%, so 35% last year was a little less, but we think 35% is a good model right now. The wildcard on the upside, of course, is if we get a little bit more cloud six months, nine months from now, and we’ll wait and see. We’ve got capacity for it, but--and we actually are going to build the parts, I think, anyways for that. I think 35% is a good number to model this year. Ananda asked this question - if the next cycle was actually pulled in a little bit, then it would grow pretty fast because we have 18s and 20s coming. Those are [indiscernible].
Dave Mosley: But if we were to outstrip, I think Aaron, the top end of the range, then we’d look at investments because we have a number of different markets that are growing well right now, so we’d look at what investments we have to make. I think we said this in the script, actually - we have a lot of flexibility inside of $340 million, $350 million, right, so that’s--you know, the first thing we would do is redeploy people inside of that, and we could still tolerate a little bit more investment if we grew north of the top end of the range.
Dave Mosley: I don’t think we’ve formally looked at it that way, so I don’t have an answer. But I think it’s pretty soon, it’s in the next few quarters. From my perspective, it’s the same product family, so the heads and media are already in the pipeline and some customers are asking for 16s, some customers are asking for 18s, but I think it’s very soon. Then the same heads and media will take us to 20 terabytes on that PMR platform that we talked about, so we may actually spend some of those heads and disks on 20s as well. But I do think we’re going significantly far north of 16 very, very soon.
Dave Mosley: Thanks Shannon. It’s growing quite nicely, actually, growing volume in the factories. It’s not a small volume product anymore, it’s becoming a large volume product. We’ll be talking about it more and more over the quarters. It is a 14 terabyte drive right now, so if people are making trades for 18 terabytes, they may want to go to the single actuator, but it’s very specific to a few applications out in the cloud world that people need the dual actuator already. Remember, fundamentally we believe that by the time you get to 30 or 40 terabytes, you can’t have all that behind one actuator, you need to have dual actuator at least, and we have to solve all the power problems and all the interface problems with our customers and things like that, to make that happen. We’re quite excited about getting the learning on the technology. The fact that we have the platform continuing in development - you know, parallel drives that as we launch the new high capacity drive, we have the same capacity points on dual actuator.
Dave Mosley: Yes, I wouldn’t say it’s desktop PC anymore. There is gaming that’s happening, but I would say more it’s distribution channel around things like crypto applications and things like that. There are people who are looking just for the absolutely lowest cost per terabyte that they can find, and so that’s one of the reasons why the average drive capacity is mixing up. It’s going from two terabytes to four terabytes, last quarter we were over five terabytes, and I expect that trend will continue. It’s happening certainly in consumer channels and things like that.
Dave Mosley: Okay, thanks Tabitha. Seagate’s delivering strong performance, demonstrating financial results consistent with our long term targets, and executing our product and technology road map to capture long term secular growth opportunities for mass data infrastructure.  I’ll close by expressing my appreciation for our customers, suppliers, our employees and our shareholders for your ongoing support of Seagate. Thanks again for joining us today.
Gianluca Romano: Yes, we discussed in the last few quarters about the need to realign supply and demand, and we are getting closer and closer every quarter. For overall capex, fiscal ’22 we think we will have the same target as fiscal ’21, between 4% and 6% of revenue, so we will add capacity but we will also be looking at keeping this alignment within supply and demand.
Gianluca Romano: Yes, we think we will have a very strong second part of calendar ’21. Last quarter, I think we said at least 10% increase year-over-year. Right now, we think it will be at least 15%, so for another couple of quarters very strong, and then as usual we have in our plans some seasonality for the legacy market and some of the mass capacity, like [indiscernible], but node could be different, as we have seen last year, for example.
Gianluca Romano: Yes, for the time being I’ll say [indiscernible] we have a fairly strong pricing environment, especially for the mass capacity. The legacy is still expected to decline a little bit, but in general, as we were discussing before, it all depends from base alignment between supply and demand but right now it’s fairly good. We want to give it [indiscernible].
Gianluca Romano: Yes, we had a very good quarter in FQ4, and we are already guiding FQ1 is higher levels. I would say one of the major reason is this pricing environment that is improving. The second reason is the mix that is shifting more and more to the mass capacity. In fiscal Q4, 70% of the revenue was already on mass capacity and we expect that to continue to increase. The other major reason that you will see throughout fiscal year ’22 is increase of our cost optimized drive, so the drives that are based on two terabytes on disk, and that will stay with us through the fourth quarter and will continue to bring improvement to our gross margin.
Gianluca Romano: Yes, I said at least 15%, so I don’t think it’s implying really a decrease in the December [indiscernible] would be probably fairly close. I would say the seasonality that is expected is more into the March and June quarters, as it was the case in the last few years with the exception of fiscal ’21. We think in general, because the mix of mass capacity is continuing to improve, the seasonality will be more muted in the future maybe than in this calendar year, but there’s a little bit less visibility for us when we go into the March and June quarter.
Gianluca Romano: Yes, last quarter we shipped a record of 152 exabytes, so we are still growing, so this means we have capacity, some capacity still available. Based on our guidance, you can expect another increase in exabytes in FQ1, and as we discussed before, we are still planning to add some CapEx, so some capacity through the year.
Gianluca Romano: We had [indiscernible] debate on the next two quarters, so to now give you exactly the growth for the entire year would be difficult. But as a model for the long term, we think that 35% CAGR is still very valid.
Gianluca Romano: For the opex, we think the level of FQ4, we can maintain that level through the fiscal ’22. We are now [indiscernible] more, we are a little bit more [indiscernible] expenses. The performance is very good, so comparing to maybe prior year, we also have a little bit higher variable compensation. But this level, if we can keep it between $340 million, $345 million per quarter, I think we can do it. 
Gianluca Romano: Operating margin is already 18% right now, so when you model increasing revenue and this level of opex and the gross margin, you were mentioning before, you will see a very good result in terms of operating margin.
Gianluca Romano: Yes, it’s part of the opex guidance we discussed before, and we are investing more in Lyve. We think this is a big part of our future business. We are very positive on the possible outcomes from that business, so we will invest; but as I said, we will stay around that level of opex that we discussed before.
