William Mosley: Thanks, Gianluca. I'm very proud of the results Seagate posted in the December quarter and also our ability to deliver consistent performance during this unique period of transitory issues. Through it all, the trends driving explosive growth in data remain powerful. Longer-term demand tailwinds that will push growth in mass capacity stores in 2022 and for years to come.   Seagate has the right product portfolio, operational know-how and partnership focus to capture these opportunities and lend confidence in our ability to deliver on the annual growth targets we've outlined today as well as achieve strong profitability and cash generation to fund our robust capital returns program.   Seagate has been a technology company, innovation leader for over 4 decades. We are now leading the industry into a new era of technology with HAMR and multiactuator drives. The industry has undergone a positive structural change with the transition of mass capacity markets. These innovations are the result of years of intense focus and significant investments that bring value to our customers and to their customers by unlocking the power of their data. We are focused on capturing an appropriate return to continue fueling our mass capacity innovation engine, which we believe is healthy for Seagate and for the industry at large.   In closing, I would like to thank our employees who deserve the credit for Seagate's outstanding performance this past year. We are a values-driven company, and last week, we published our third annual diversity, equity and inclusion report that captures the many ways we put our value of inclusion into action. Among the many positive measures in the report, I want to highlight an increase in the overall percentage of women in director and executive roles as well as an increase in minorities in our U.S. workforce. These are important areas of focus for the company and reflects positive progress in our efforts to build a more global, diverse and inclusive workforce, which we believe leads to better business sustainability. I would also like to thank our customers and suppliers for their continued support and our shareholders for their trust in Seagate.  Gianluca and I are now happy to take your questions. 
William Mosley: So I think to break it down a little bit, Karl. There is some mission-critical and there is some nearline components to that, if that makes sense. 
William Mosley: Right. Good. So as we said in the prepared remarks, the 20-terabyte demand is quite strong. And so we're using this period, this quarter, to transition between whatever components that are flowing through that are 18 specific. There aren't very many because it's a leveraged platform to the 20s and really get staged for high growth on the 20s. And the visibility is very good for those products. I think the customer demand has been -- customers are quite receptive to that. They see a TCO benefit.   On all of the other markets we continue to watch and forecast and have, in some cases, we have very deep relationships with the customers that can also provide some level of confidence there as well. So in aggregate, I think it's going to be a very strong year for exabytes as well, and we'll translate that into revenue. There are some temporary problems that are going on right now because of supply chain issues that are affecting everyone. It's more affecting our demand than it is our supply, but we're mindful of that and paying attention to it. I think the demand picture for mass capacity data in particular remains strong. 
William Mosley: Right. I think you're on the right point, which is so if you look at the tale of the tape, we go back -- so when we entered this calendar year, we were talking about low -- sorry, high single digits for revenue. And then we said maybe low double digits. Now in these remarks, we said 12% to 14% and we're already more than halfway through the fiscal year. So exactly, you can start to look at Q4 and see that we are right now forecasting strength.   Some of that's coming on the back of the 20 terabytes that I just talked about to the response to Karl. Some of it's also the transition to the cost optimized drives that we made reference to as we transition to that platform. We -- all the way from 2 terabytes, 8 terabytes, 10 terabytes, we can actually predict that market pretty well and have great conversations with customers there as well. So we feel fairly comfortable with that part of the guide. And then we talked about the entire calendar year as well as growing on top of last calendar year. So it's all baked into our forecast. 
William Mosley: There have been pockets of build-out that's been pushed out, largely because of other supply chain issues, not necessarily mass capacity issues. I think those investments are still planned. Now some of that push-out may be happening because of component shortages. It may also be happening because of prioritization of budgets into COVID measures or other things that the end customer is actually prioritizing. But we're not really that worried about it long term. We have great relationships with the OEMs. And I think -- and in the cloud service providers.   And I think long term, I think these continued build-outs are going to come. Not just in China, but I would say for all of Asia, there's a lot of new applications that are coming online, lots of smart city applications. We're quite excited about it. So we see -- that's all baked into our revenue forecast that we just gave. 
William Mosley: That's a great point, we compare it back to a year ago and I think anybody trying to forecast off of the pandemic kind of investment behaviors is going to be challenged. I would say that there's strength in smart city applications that are coming online.   In Q2, things could have been even a little bit better. It was clearly better year-over-year, but it could have been even a little bit better. I think to the earlier question, there are reasons to believe that some of those buildouts are getting pushed out. And unfortunately, the COVID pandemic is still with us and some of those priorities are still being made this quarter.   We do forecast over time that the market should strengthen. And as we talked about mid-single digit -- or sorry, mid-double-digit growth in the VIA markets. I think it all depends on applications and then the economics of the investment that will have to be made across the breadth of the compound supply chain.   From our perspective, the demand for data products is quite strong in these markets. And so we should still see that growth and maybe even more as time goes on. 
William Mosley: Largely, it's the 20T. We're able to use those parts against a broader portfolio than just 20s, of course, we can go to 18s, 16s or all the way, like we talked about, some of the complements are very, very similar, down even further. So at the end of the cost optimized drive. So that's the way we think about it is that, yes, there's some inventory buildup going on right now. Some of that's just staging for bigger growth in subsequent quarters after this quarter. And the components are very usable across multiple families. So we're really not worried about the growth. 
William Mosley: Yes. Thanks, Katy. There are a number of different dynamics. And I think the latter part of your question first, yes. There are components that we've field will break free in the next few weeks. And so -- and yes, we've tried to bake that into our guide as much as we can for this quarter. There are some components that won't break free for quite some time, and you have to make sure that you're staging those well against your build plans. That goes maybe for our builds, but we're also trying to look at the broader tech ecosystem because we do know that there are customers, generally speaking, they are the smaller customers, but they've had trouble getting some of these complete kits.   And so all of this is tough for the customers right now. We're just trying mainly to help them get through the periods. There are some things that will get better near term, and there are some other things that are going to stay for a little bit longer. 
William Mosley: Yes. The best that we can drive gross margins is to continue to transition to more mass capacity products to get more of the constituents of the BOM into the drives that are heads and media. 
William Mosley: Yes. I think we have deep partnerships with our suppliers, we've been with them for a long time. I think there are a lot of dynamics that smaller customers have that we try to help them with. And then from my perspective, there's a certain amount of volatility with that. But like I said before, stuff is becoming more predictable over time even if it might not be the level of what some of those customers want. So we're getting better visibility as time progresses. 
William Mosley: I do think there is demand for data out there on-prem and some of that's probably not being serviced, I mean, as well as it could be if there weren't some of the supply constraints, Mark. So yes, I think there's probably some underserved demand. But it may be part of other build-outs as well. It may have problem getting compute or they may have problem getting networks so they don't do the entire build-out. I think this is going to shake out over the next few months. 
William Mosley: Yes. Mehdi, we're largely transitioned to the platform that can actually give 18s or 20s if we wanted to or back to 16s, if we wanted to. So we mix according to what the customer demand is. We don't really build a theoretical mix. So we're talking to customers. Some people aren't ready for transitions to 20s. Some people want to stay on 18. Some people want to stay on 16 and so we're here to serve them. The fact that we have these new platforms what are changes tweaks that were to this common platform will actually put us in a little bit better cost position. And I would say relative to the aggressive ramp that we made, we referenced in our prepared remarks, the 20-terabyte ramp is going to be a very, very aggressive ramp. So -- and that's what we're staging for in this quarter -- last quarter and this quarter. But that will be transitioning over to the next -- over the course of this calendar year to higher and higher bonds. 
William Mosley: Yes. To be specific, most of the cost increases, we said not all, but most of them are freight and logistics related, especially when we don't or the customers don't predict the demand perfectly. And again, it's a very hard -- difficult world to get the right kits in the right place at the right time that everybody is trying. And then you have to pay the freight and logistics fees to get the stuff there as quickly as possible. That becomes problematic. We don't necessarily look first to pass that along. We work with our customers who are supply chain experts themselves to find ways to mitigate those costs because everybody really wants. That's in the spirit of partnership now in the supply chain.   There may be places where we will ultimately have to pass those costs along. And that will -- there's a time lag associated with that, of course, as we run the plays that we have. But from my perspective, we have deep discussions with our customers on this. They understand, and in some cases, they run massive supply chains themselves. They understand exactly what's going on. So we work together with them on it. 
William Mosley: But most of our investments are going to head some media for mass capacity now. They're really long lead investment cycles and things like that. So that's what we're focused on. 
William Mosley: Yes. I think there's opportunities, of course, to increase as we introduce any new technology node, whether it's 20 terabytes or the generations that come after it. A lot of that comes down to how fast can we get up the media and head yield curves and where our scrap bills are and things like that, but they're firmly under our control. So we transition according to what customers need. We transition according to how fast we can based on all of our internal metrics as well. And so I think there is opportunity to build that over time. 
William Mosley: Ananda, against the big backdrop, I think, no. Going -- at the start of the pandemic, we knew that work from home and much of the challenges that people had getting IT professionals to work on on-prem solutions. All that meant people pushed into the cloud. That -- the cloud is growing faster than we thought because of a lot of that push. I think -- and it's not just storage, of course, there's compute, there's network and there's other parts that are really stressing those businesses as well. But the storage will come.  And so we think it's been fairly predictable in the conversations with our customers about what kind of build-outs we want to do. we think there's more opportunities because the value of the data just gets better and better. So there hasn't -- even though there are temporary supply chain problems for a lot of people out there, I don't think there's been any real significant change shift in the mass capacity demand. 
William Mosley: Yes. Thanks. So the HAMR has always been planned to go into the common platform. There will have to be some changes specifically for that. Exactly to your point, we plan to continue to do customer evals. So the customers know exactly what kind of behaviors they'll get. There will be higher capacity drives when they ultimately come with HAMR too. Very happy with the progress actually on HAMR. So I think we said a couple of quarters ago, this is happening right now. We're in an intense product development, engaging with customers. They're partnering with us on it.  As far as transition goes, exactly to your point, a lot of people know fab. They know that you have to take some stuff offline to replace it with other stuff. And we'll do that as we see the yields come up and the opportunity there. We'll have to work with the customers as well on their adoption profile. But we're in the middle of all those discussions right now. 
William Mosley: Yes. These aren't big investments, Patrick. But what I would say is that we constantly look for ways that we can develop go-to-market chains in particular that can use the products that we're making into -- in different ways. So think circularity and recycling the product and having outlets for product. There's a lot of opportunities that we have in our systems business and also inside of the Lyve platform, and we think about this as a way to help us not only construct channels that are economic great benefit to customers. But also ultimately help us manage the panoply of different parts issues that we're going to see in the world given our scale. 
William Mosley: Right. Jim, I think it's right to point out that if you look back 5 or 10 years ago when we had so many client server drives that were in our factories, very different environments than when you have mass capacity with really long lead times and things like that. So as we've transitioned over the last couple of years to the mass capacity, then we can actually say these are the investments we're making. These are the starts we're doing, and we can get working on long-term agreements and just predictability within the markets in that.  Of course, there can always be some disruption to the extent that there are more and more heads and media related that's under our control. If there are external piece parts, then like COVID has affected quite a number of suppliers of ours, but also customers and end markets, that's where things get a little bit more volatile. But I think if you -- from my perspective, generally speaking, as we go to more and more mass capacity drives as the drives have more heads and media in them, then things get a little bit more predictable because we have to get the return on investment. 
William Mosley: Thanks, Brent. As you can all see, calendar '22 is an outstanding year for Seagate, and we believe that our strong product and technology road map, combined with our ongoing solid execution position as well to capture secular growth opportunities for mass data infrastructure for years to come. I'd just like to once again thank our employees for their outstanding efforts and our customers and suppliers and investors for their continued support of Seagate. Thanks for joining us today. 
Gianluca Romano: Yes. I would say, first of all, the change quarter-over-quarter is mainly coming from mix. If you look at the hard disk drive gross margin, is completely flat to the prior quarter. So we don't have any change in profitability for the hard disk. We have increased a lot our non-hard disk revenue, mainly in the SSD part of the business, and that is driving some reduction in the overall gross margin. But of course, it was also very helpful at the revenue level and the free cash flow level.   Now when you look inside the hard disk, mass capacity was at a record high, fairly close to September as we were expecting about 1% higher, but still a good record high. Legacy was sequentially down in mission-critical, but as you know, is a high gross margin segment. And was actually higher in consumer that is actually a lower gross margin segment. So there is a lot of mix going on into December. But finally, the reality is hard disk in total, was flat gross margin compared to September and the increase in the non-hard disk part was driving the slight decline at the company level.   Now when you go into the March quarter, where it's still a mix impact, it's a different kind of mix. This is more a seasonality impact. Some of the segments that will be seasonally low are fairly high gross margins like surveillance, like mission-critical. Other segments are actually fairly, let's say, not low but low at gross margin like consumer. And we also expect at this point, some decline in the SSD part of the revenue.   So when you put all together, again, the mix is probably driving the gross margin in the March quarter, slightly down from the December quarter, but it's not coming from the business. It's coming mainly from the mix. As Dave was saying before, of course, we have also some cost increases, mainly in the freight and logistic cost. We thought 2 quarters ago to be at already the high level of the freight cost, but it continued to increase in September and again in December. This we expect to start declining in the next few months. But with our spending control, with the strong mass capacity business that we have, we have mainly offset those bad news coming from the cost leaving the mix impact, of course, impacting the total result. 
Gianluca Romano: No, I would say the shortages, we have experienced in 2 parts of the business. One is the PC and one is a system solution. 
Gianluca Romano: Yes. I think we need to be careful on not confusing seasonality with lower demand. So when we go into the March quarter, our mass capacity -- part of our mass capacity will be impacted by seasonality, especially in the surveillance part of the business. But that is not because of a high level of inventory or unusual lower level of demand, it is a normal seasonality that we expect for that segment in the March quarter. And then in the June quarter, usually start to improve and get very strong in September and December. 
Gianluca Romano: In the last few quarters, we have built some strategic inventory, of course, to be a little protected by this supply chain situation, but not much in the December quarter. So I will say we have done it before. The increase that you have seen in the last 3 months is mainly related to the 20 terabyte trends. 
Gianluca Romano: Well, in March, the main impact will be coming from the mix and surveillance. VIA market, in general, is a very high gross margin segment. So we will have some impact from that business declining and also mission-critical. So when we look at seasonality and look at the segments that are really impacted are segments that are fairly high gross margin. Of course, the continued increase in our mass capacity. So in the cloud, in the nearline and the OEM part of the nearline, that is all positive. And I think we will continue to see improvement in our gross margin after the March quarter when we go into less seasonal part of the business and, of course, even stronger when you go into September and December. So there is an impact that is due to seasonality and is normal for this industry. I will not look that as unexpected. 
Gianluca Romano: Yes. I would say that the favorable price environment is mainly related to the good alignment between supply and demand, not too much on transferring of cost from a supplier to the customer. 
Gianluca Romano: It's a good question. I would say in the December quarter, OpEx came up a little bit lower than what we were expecting. Part of the reason is exactly what you were saying. We were not expecting the resurge of the COVID situation. So our travel was kind of limited again in the December quarter. We think this -- now will start -- this situation will start to improve possibly already in the March quarter and in the following quarters.   So probably our OpEx will increase a little bit through the calendar year, still in the range that we discussed last quarter between the $340 million and $350 million per quarter, which is right now what we expect. 
Gianluca Romano: Yes, Ananda. As you know, we are spending a relevant amount of CapEx every quarter. So the fact that the supply and demand are now very well aligned. It's not because we are not investing is because demand is strong. And we put in place the capacity that is needed and try not to put more than what is requested. Of course, because there is some seasonality through the year, there are quarters where that capacity is not exactly matching demand.  But in general, part of our job is to estimate demand and define what is the CapEx that is needed to match the demand and satisfy our customer demand without putting capacity that is not needed. That is the main driver for the pricing. And in the last several quarters, as we have seen, the pricing environment has been much better than a year ago or 2 years ago. And we think this industry deserves an appropriate return follows a significant investment that we are making and the industry in general is making. And all the value that we deliver to support the mass capacity growth. And this is what we are driving for. 
Gianluca Romano: It's a very good question. The Lyve business is mainly based on hard disk, is a cloud storage that is based on hard disk. So it's not really requiring a lot of additional CapEx. It's part of what we use for our normal production that, depending from demand, we move between customer allocation and the internal need. 
