Dave Mosley: Thanks, Gianluca. In summary, Seagate is executing well on multiple levels. We are driving operational efficiencies by managing our cost and capital investments to align with near-term industry conditions, and optimize profitability and free cash flow. We are harvesting HDD opportunities and markets with low exabyte growth such as mission critical drivers which contributed nicely to our bottom line particularly during these slower demand periods while requiring no R&D investment.  We are executing our technology roadmap and leveraging our 40 plus year heritage of innovation and expertise and precision engineered data solution to introduce new products with the higher areal density, quality and reliability to address our customers' future mass storage requirements. We believe the near-term industry headwinds we are experiencing will abate in the coming quarters and the long-term growth trajectory of mass storage demand provides a rich set of opportunities for Seagate. Data hungry applications are fueling demand for high-capacity storage in both public and private clouds.  Looking ahead to fiscal 2020 we expect the exabyte TAM for Nearline drives to be well above the long-term CAGR of 35% to 40% importantly, Seagate's strong technology portfolio and customer relationships, make us well positioned to capitalize on this growth. Before opening the call for questions, I'd like to thank our customers, suppliers, business partners and employees for their ongoing support and contributions to the success of our business. Gianluca and I will now open up for your questions.
Dave Mosley: Hi Katy, I'll pass it over to Gianluca in just a second, but what I would say is -- what I talked about last quarter was, if gross margins as we went through these digestion phases, if we got out of the period of factory under-utilization faster, then we might see expansion. I think what we're seeing right now is rather a bit of a build ahead for the fall. I mean, we've got these product transitions going on, which I think is weighing us down just a little bit. Otherwise, we would have snapped back a little bit faster. I'm sure if the cloud comes back faster than we're anticipating right now, which we are starting to see signs of it in the back half, then I think we should be able to get back into the range.  And I think I've said this before that our [indiscernible] is not gross margin percentage either. We were in the January timeframe when we last spoke to everyone. We were really focused on free cash flow, just making sure we watched our cash very carefully, make sure we weren't holding too much inventory and things like that, so, you know, that may have actually hindered our ability to move a little bit extra product in this last few months. Again, I'd say that's towards the conservative side on my part, but that's how I think about the gross margin. Go ahead, Gianluca.
Dave Mosley: Yes, Mitch. I would say it's against the backdrop, like we talked about in the script of all the SSD incursions, natural transitions, especially for the lower capacity stuff. So in what we call the enterprise, sorry the edge compute markets, you're seeing some low capacities 500 gigabytes or 1 terabyte, and then you're seeing some high capacity, some bifurcation if you will to 2s and 4 terabytes. Where the CPU constraints are a problem usually are of smaller players, so the long tail, if you will, distribution channel I think would be a good way to think about it. In the distribution channel, there are some people still making the lower capacity disk drive products, but very few, I think they tend to be much more entrepreneurial. I talked about this a little bit last quarter. We still haven't seen the healthy channels just yet.  So while, weeks on hand are fairly healthy on a relative basis, I look at the absolute value of the channel, and it's not as strong nearly as it was just a couple of quarters ago. And that includes the higher capacity stuff, which should be some of those new markets and creative new markets. So, you know, my perspective is this will start to come online as well through in the back half of the year, but it really hasn't built up as much momentum as I expected in the January time frame.
Dave Mosley: To the extent that we have more product to be absorbing our factories, the answer is yes. And, you know, the distribution channels, some of them tended to over time provide some nice outlets at low capacities and high capacities, so it would be nice to get some of the high capacity stuff moving again.
Dave Mosley: It's interesting. So a couple of points. So, I think on the February call, we were just coming off of a fairly disturbed pull dynamics that were going on all the way through December. And the cloud was one aspect of it, not the only one obviously. It was fairly global. It's also got a long tail. It's not just one CSP or 3 CSPs or something, but it's also the smaller build out. The reason we have confidence in the back half of the year now is we're starting to see some of the data center build out that was anticipated, say 6 months or 9 months ago to be discussed again, the exact same datacenters again, especially globally.  And then we also think that there has been some inventory readjustments that have gone on for the last 6 months. There will be an anticipation of moving to higher high-capacity drives with better total cost of ownership propositions out on the back half of the year. So, we're feeling a lot more confident that we were there talking to you in February, for sure. As far as the next cycle, this one's been a little bit more pronounced than the last one that it feels that way, and it's been more global and it's been touching as we reach out through OEMs and ODMs who are helping do the builds, it's been much more broad based than the last one. The last one came back pretty quickly, because of the world turning on at the same time, we're hearing roomers of all this, but I still wouldn't say strong, but it feels like this would maybe a bigger peak in exabytes but much wider, I'd say that way, because, just because there would be a little bit of trepidation.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Kevin. Yes, we like this platform quite a bit, there is, we get through a lot of transitions to your point, different drives going from 6 to 8 to ten to twelve to fourteen, we've had different drive platforms. This particular platform for us will take us 16 and 18 with SMR and other variance it will take us beyond 18-terabytes and probably into the HAMR families as well, because HAMR is basically dropping into this when we are ready. So we feel very comfortable with our ability to yield and ramp this product. It's gone through all its internal qualification testing really well and so that's why we are fairly aggressive about it. I think it's going to be a pretty steep ramp as well.  So, in the last couple of months, just giving lead times for largely the head wafers that are required for that, that's where we have focused a lot of our efforts internally. My senses as well that given some of the pause that's gone on in hyperscale and other places around the world that the value proposition of 16-terabytes versus maybe 12, it was thought of 6 months ago when the fall started, it's pretty substantial. And I think we'll start to see those revenue ramps in early, fiscal year 2020.
Dave Mosley: Aaron, the second question first. I don't really, we believe, we are in the lead on 16 terabytes and the families that go on along with it with different SMR variance and things like that. It's like, it seems, I don't have very good visibility beyond there as far as when people are going to be able to ramp. All I know is, we're ready to ramp. Relative the stocking, I do think there are a few customers that have such huge scale that they start talking like that, other customers are much more opportunistic and it's been a buyer's market recently.  So we were, like I said, earlier, we were 90 days ago, we were really watching our cash and controlling our bills very, very carefully to make sure we didn't carry too much inventory. If we had pushed out more of the lower capacity drives in anticipation of higher capacity, I don't if that serves us right either, so that's the way we are thinking about it, if that helps
Dave Mosley: Jim, it's, interesting because I think there's a little bit of both of what you said. The first is people know that they're going to be making the investment for 5 or 6 or 7 years when they buy the next product, so, they'll wait to get the right TCO proposition, that's, these are more hyperscale and global hyperscale comments. I think relative to my earlier comments about some of the channels have been disrupted, there were lots of liquidity issues especially among smaller players, more entrepreneurial people were trying to do edge build out, very application specific items and because of that I think the market has been pretty choppy, we're starting to see our way through that, people are coming back to those plans again, as we all know data will grow and some of these new applications will take off. So, but I think given some of the issues the world was having back in the December time frame we just didn't have very good visibility in them, so we're still expressing confidence against this next cycle.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Amanda. I want to once again thank all of our employees, customers, suppliers and business partners for their contributions to our third quarter performance. And thanks to our shareholders for their ongoing support. We'll talk to you next quarter. Thank you.
