Dave Mosley: Thanks, Gianluca. In summary, our March quarter performance demonstrates the resilience of Seagate’s business model, our focus on execution and the dedication of our employees. Despite the current business environment, we are tracking to the financial model we outlined last September. We are delivering operating margins at the high-end of our target range of 13% to 16% of revenue. We are forecasting annual revenue growth of 2% based on our midpoint of our June guidance range. And we have remained committed to returning at least 50% of free cash flow to our shareholders. The start of fiscal year 2020 we shared an expectation for our mass capacity storage shipments to be well above the long-term compound annual growth rate of 35% to 40%. We still expect to exceed that range for the fiscal year as well as calendar year 2020. Increasing demand for data is fueling long-term secular growth for mass capacity storage. I shared examples today that suggest an even greater reliance on data in this new remote economy brought on by the pandemic and likewise a greater need for compute and storage in the cloud and at the edge. With our strong technology roadmap and broad product portfolio, I am confident that Seagate will emerge from this challenging business environment, well positioned for these opportunities. I would like to express my sincere appreciation to our employees for their extraordinary efforts during the quarter. I would also like to thank our suppliers and our partners and customers for their close collaboration through this period and for their ongoing trust in Seagate. With that, Gianluca and I are happy to take your questions.
Dave Mosley: Yes, Karl. I would say, it’s fairly disruptive, not just for us in the specific facilities that we run, but also upstream in our supply chain, there were a number of shutdowns that affected us and started really in late January right after Chinese New Year. And then downstream of us as well, the ODMs and I think that’s gotten a lot of press were also disrupted. So quantitatively, we are not going to really break it out, but you can imagine the kinds of disruptions and then the biggest are logistics issues, because we did have inventory in a lot of positions that we are able to flex around, but – and we run multiple sourcing strategies as well, but just the logistics getting stuff through checkpoints and making sure we had the right parts in the right place at the right time was an issue.
Dave Mosley: Yes, again given the downstream of us there is a lot of disruption. Still, you don’t know exactly how people are going to build through or even be able to get the parts and the people required to build through what they need. But I would think of it as relatively flat. We do see demand, but is that demand – can that demand actually be monetized in this quarter as it push out and the reason that the demand we think is out there is because of all the changes and work location that we talked about. So, if that helps you.
Dave Mosley: I don’t really know how much about – I can’t really speak that much about the competitor, I would say that it’s a fairly disruptive environment for all the customers right now. So certainty of supply on 16s is something that we are very focused on. Our 16 if you remember has the same platform as our 18, so we changed the heads, we changed the disk a few other minor changes. We get pretty good leverage now that we are way up the curve and we understand what the supply chain needs to look like for that. So we are fairly confident going to 18s. I think that over the next 6 months or a year, probably people are going to be a little bit more bashful on product transitions. That’s just how I think about it. They will go with more certainty towards what they can get, what they can integrate.
Dave Mosley: Yes, I think that’s the growth has been good, this is the fastest ramp we have ever done in heads and disks and we talked about that last quarter as well. So, the ramp continues to go well and we are working with a lot of partners to make sure that we are getting them what they need through those transition period. So, adoption is clearly good with us being 3 million drives plus under our belts now and driving significantly north from there we have got good adoption across multiple customers in all geographies.
Dave Mosley: Yes, Ananda, I made reference to the fact that we think that the change in locality of data is actually going to have – to get answered by the cloud customers and also by some edge installs as well. So if you listen to the prepared remarks there is specific comments about that. We still think that’s going to happen, it’s early relative to all the global disruptions is what we’ve seen is to know what exactly happens, when or what can happen when, because of the logistics of what’s going on this quarter. But from my perspective, I do think that this change in data locality and the growth of the cloud will affect the next cycle for sure.
Dave Mosley: Yes, thanks, Katy. I think that reflecting in the fact that our ranges are opened up. We’re still signaling to everyone that it’s a more volatile time then we are normally accustomed to. So exactly to your first point, these are not normal times for anyone. Supply has risks and demand has risk for the demand side, I would point to the question, I just answered as to why? On the supply side there has been a number of different shutdowns and border closures and things like that, that effect, not just our facilities, but also our upstream facilities. So we’re cognizant of that. So it’s not a normal quarter relative to visibility, but I do think that it’s incumbent upon our management team to come out and tell everybody what the visibility that we have is today given that we’re 2.5 weeks into the quarter already, so we’re doing that.
Dave Mosley: Yes, there are – to the point there are opportunities as well that we may want to redeploy against. So, the world has changed considerably and as we see some of those opportunities we may have missed slightly against them as well.
Dave Mosley: Thanks. And it’s something I’m very mindful of it. At Seagate we have 40,000 people roughly streaming our supply chain, my estimate would be that’s 0.5 million people we need to make sure that economically they have – they’re getting what they need, because otherwise, if some of those companies go away then we have our own issues as well. So it’s important for us to make sure that our supply chain is healthy as it possibly can be. We feel that responsibility. There are issues, for sure, but we are working with suppliers very closely to make sure that they’re getting through those issues, and I think everyone under – who participates in our supply chain, since it’s a large understands and appreciates the complexities and understand how we’re all in this together in some respects, right? So that we have to make sure that we take care of each other.
Dave Mosley: I wish, I could say – I predicted well, but the period we’ve just been through from a supply chain disruption perspective was pretty big, compare it back to 2008, when I was running the operations for 2011. Very, very different times now global and there’s been a lot of – just call it multi-week disruptions. So, I do like to hope that some of this is becoming a little bit more predictable to manage, although I think that there will still be surprises, and that’s why we’ve got a whole to be very communicative up and down the supply chain. And I really appreciate that our customers appreciate this as well. They’re making sure that they help out and everybody is being as predictable demand as they can right now, because that’s the way that we can tell everybody exactly what we need.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Jim. Yes, I think, there is a couple of different buckets largely the ones that are impacting us are more temporary, because you look at under absorption from factories that we’re actually shuttered or running not at full capacity or if you look at logistics, in particular, February was so slow, March was so busy. A lot of air freight was needed and there just weren’t a lot of airplanes to be had. So we have a lot of logistics costs that went up in the period. And there is – we are still reverberations of that. Those – all those kinds of things are temporary, we do believe at some point we’ll figure that out or add a little bit of inventory to take advantage of other lanes and things like that. There are some – to back to the supply chain questions that Steven asked, I think, there’s some things that we have to watch upper in the supply base, as well that maybe more permanent, and so we’re still working with individual suppliers to make sure that helped throughout the entire supply chain doesn’t affect us all in demand.
Dave Mosley: Sure. Yes, thanks. It – as you can well imagine after Chinese New Year things turned off and especially on the consumer side, I would say the distribution channel as well. And then in places like Europe and the Middle East we saw that turn off later, but same kind of behavior later. There were also pockets of large pops, because as people went to working from home, there were large bicycles that went on, people are buying disk drives basically to move data around. So very intriguing to watch the tactical signals in the quarter. Some of it’s becoming a little bit more predictable in Q4, but there’s still fairly massive disruption, and it’s not back to a point where it’s not impacted by the week-to-week buying patterns of people, but this is not what we forecast for our fiscal Q3 or Q4 for that matter, and we’re just in the consumer markets in particular more and reactionary mode.
Dave Mosley: Yes, thanks, Patrick. I don’t think there was a lot of inventory demand building. I think people are very cautious with their investments right now, that’s from my discussions with most of my customers they understand that. Some of the larger cloud service providers know how fast it’s going to be before they can actually monetize the capacity that they’re putting online. So they are mindful of those lead times, but they also see demand that’s further out in time, than I do. I would also say that on some of the mass capacity drives surveillance is what I’m thinking about now, the market was actually quite soft. We talked about this in our prepared remarks. Although the capacity points moved up so things moved above 4 terabytes per drive for the first time there and could go to 6s and 8s over the next year or two. And so I think that mass capacity if you will, the demand will come back, because it was so impacted by the early days of this pandemic.
Dave Mosley: Yes, Mark, I think we’ve talked about before that the HAMR platform the platform that we’ve ramped with the 16’s is where we’re going to introduce HAMR as well. So from all the other complementary, if you look at it that way, the cost impact is we’re already down the cost curve quite a bit. So we think the economics of HAMR will still be very favorable. Yes is the answer to your question, we’re still on target with HAMR, it’s hard to do experiments at the same clip that we were doing them a few months ago, but the experiments also have long lead times. So things don’t change that much on some of the wafer lead times that we have now, and so we still have pretty good visibility and I’m really proud of the progress the team is making.
Dave Mosley: Shannon, I would answer that question is a no. We were already pretty deep into the qualification cycles when this thing first hit. I do think that running the big scale, say for example reliability test beds that are sometimes done as you ramp programs, there were a lot of people to plug those beds. Sometimes you couldn’t get the attention of the builders, because they weren’t even in the office, so yes there are impacts to some of the late stage qualification and maybe the early stage of the next generation I made reference to that earlier, but I don’t really it impacted our plans, because we were already so deep in 16.
Dave Mosley: Yes, you know, we have been involved in the gaming consoles for almost 20 years now, and I’m a big fan of the market. It’s from an exabyte perspective to your question, it’s relatively immaterial. I mean, in the last two quarters, we shipped 225 plus exabytes and only one less than one exabyte is going to gaming consoles. So when it comes to pivoting heads and discs over, I think we can very easily do that and we’ll continue to support that market, but you know, depending on what our customers need will be there to answer the call.
Dave Mosley: I think that’s probably – I’ll let Gianluca answer, but I – which I think that’s probably less relevant for us. Most of our OpEx is around our core technology development and not as much SG&A, if you will, so go ahead.
Dave Mosley: Yes, we’re very happy with where we’re managing from an operating income at the top of our range again, if something changes yet in the world and there’s a lot of things changing, then we look for investments we may take advantage of that investment at the time, to go after some new revenue streams or somethings, but I look at it very differently, I think that most of that companies, because most of our OpEx is really pointed, our core technology rather than sales and marketing.
Dave Mosley: Yes, PC becoming less and less relevant for us every day, to the point certainly, notebook to see. We’re continuing to support a few customers. But it’s really those parts of the legacy market aren’t as relevant. Legacy being consumer electronics or legacy which was dramatically disrupted in the quarter Q-on-Q, right? A little bit more than we even forecast, and then mission critical which to our point before has a fairly long tail out there just given the preponderance of slots that are out there in the world. There’s a lot going on inside the legacy. So it’s a little bit more pronounced than we thought, but not really because of PC cyclicality or anything like that, and a small temporary head fake PC bump is not going to help us tremendously either. We are just not as exposed to it.
Dave Mosley: I would say the pricing is relatively benign. The higher costs are largely associated with logistics. As you can imagine especially it has to get positively get there overnight, but we just don’t have the routes that are at the same cost as they were 3 months ago or 6 months ago. From my perspective, those are the hardest problems that we have operationally that are temporary. We will get through them at some point, but those are the hardest problems that we have and we are sharing some of the burden downstream, especially for people who are expediting us. I think over time we could obviously go to different routes, but I don’t think that, that’s a super meaningful – in the trajectory of nearline dollar per terabyte, if you look at that trajectory over the last couple of years, I don’t think it’s a meaningful shift.
Dave Mosley: Yes, I think just too hard to all the puts and takes there. There is too many disruptions, I think to really go there. I do think that cloud service providers are – we are continuing to invest against the secular growth of data that we see and some of that is disrupted whether or not at all times out in June or whether or not it gets pulled in, because people are more full than they thought they would be in the cloud and they can actually find ways to get it put online. I mean, that’s just – it’s too hard to say versus prior baseline. I will say that our capacity that we have is still a little bit underutilized and that’s affecting our costs. So, we could clearly have done more, but that we may – depending on how we see that on those very, very short lead time capital, we may pullback on that. On the long lead time capital we are still investing, because it’s against this massive secular growth.
Dave Mosley: Interesting. Yes, I think it’s more COVID-related, because basically the month of February all the channels were turned off. So, I think companies are still out selling their solutions and some of these solutions are becoming more and more relevant in today’s world and like we talked about the rise of the edge we can see that, but the ability for us to get product to market that for those customers to integrate it and then get it to their end users, I mean, with everybody at home and around the world, I think that’s a primary driver of what’s going on in Q3.
Dave Mosley: Yes, we believe so. I think to your point, Kevin, it’s been a long – these technology transitions take a long time. They are not something we just turn on like a light switch and going through all the qualifications, all the different parts that we have in the drive. So we are really happy with the 16 platform being up the ramp. It’s the first time in a long, long time we have been able to leverage for multiple generations. And the confidence that we have in all those parts is going to translate into confidence in the timeline completion. I don’t really want to quantify it right now, because I think someone asked earlier, I think it was Shannon about the overall cycles given how disruptive everyone is that has to run these tests and things like that. I don’t really want to try to quantify it yet, but I do think from our perspective, it adds to our confidence for sure.
Dave Mosley: Okay. Thanks, Jason. To summarize, Seagate is doing an outstanding job of managing through these uncertain times and we continue to generate cash and have a strong balance sheet and liquidity to weather the storm. Over the long-term, we see no change to the strong secular growth in mass capacity storage and we will continue to execute our strategy to meet that demand. I would like to once again thank our customers, suppliers, business partners and our employees for their incredible efforts during the March quarter and our investors for their ongoing support of Seagate. Thanks everyone for joining us today.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. Well, I would say, the mix has actually impacted our bottom line and we came out with a very strong EPS. In terms of gross margin impact from the COVID-19, we did not separate between those hard disk and non-hard disk, but in total for the corporation is about 100 basis points. The mix has actually helped the gross margin for the hard disk drive and with the increases in mass capacity and part of the business, we actually got more or less flat sequentially in terms of just hard disk gross margin. On the non-hard disk, we had, of course, the impact of COVID in terms of cost, we also had some impact on the supply chain. So our system solution part of the business were little bit lower than what we were expecting. And that is negatively impacted the non-hard disk part of the business in terms of gross margin. So overall, the gross margin was down 67 basis points. If you just look at the hard disk part of the business was basically flat and again if you take out the impact of COVID-19, we were actually little bit higher sequentially.
Gianluca Romano: No, I don’t think you’re missing anything, I know – I think the big increase in volume, of course, has also some impact on the average decline in pricing, and I think we had a very good quarter, I think we moved the mix as it – now has a level that we want it, and we are well positioned for the next quarter and the near future. The mass capacity part of the business is really growing strongly.
Gianluca Romano: Yes, Katy, you know, we don’t guide gross margin. And, yes, we expect little bit higher cost, possibly higher cost related to the COVID-19, of course, it depends on how long those restrictions will be in place. In terms of gross margin, no, we expect a mix fairly similar quarter-over-quarter, so another very good quarter with mass capacity storage volume. And, of course, additional cost will impact little bit our EPS and our revenue is also – we guided to be lower sequentially.
Gianluca Romano: Well, we always look at opportunities mainly to get more efficient, not only to now reduce our cost. In the very short-term, I don’t think we will reduce our cost. Our fiscal Q3 in terms of OpEx was a very low cost. So we expect to be fairly similar in fiscal Q4, but now Dave and I are always looking at opportunities. So we will look and decide if we have anything – any opportunity, but we want to take in the next few quarters.
Gianluca Romano: Yes, Shannon. Well, as you said, we are still generating a very strong free cash flow and we have a very good liquidity level between our cash at $1.6 billion and our revolver of $1.5 billion. I think we can operate more or less in a – know it a normal way in term of capital allocation of course, we will focus as usual internally sourced so supporting our business, and of course paying our dividend. In term of share buyback, we always look at how attractive is opportunity. So we will do more or less depending from how we consider the share price to be attractive.
Gianluca Romano: Well in fiscal Q3, we reduced our OpEx by about $10 million, so I think we did a lot in term of cost reduction. In general, our OpEx as a percentage of revenue and also as a total value is fairly small. So we have always been very prudent and conservative with our OpEx spending. Of course, as I said before, we will continue to look for opportunity to even lower these costs or improve our efficiency. And now the travel or other benefit from the working from home, if it is something that will benefit the company. Of course, we will take a look at that.
