Dave Mosley: Thanks, Gianluca. Seagate's team is acting with determination and agility to rapidly adjust to a highly uncertain environment. I'm incredibly proud of their unwavering focus. Throughout our 40 plus year history, Seagate has successfully operated through many adverse conditions, and we are putting that experience to work. We're taking the right actions to strengthen our near-term financial position and optimize liquidity through this period. We're driving forward on our technology roadmap which makes us poised to quickly recover, as market conditions improve, as well as capture the significant future opportunities ahead.  Finally, we continue to operate with a deep sense of commitment to all of our stakeholders, our people, our customers, the communities in which we operate, and, of course, to our shareholders.  Gianluca and I would like to now take your questions.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Wamsi. I'll let Gianluca quantify the underutilization charges. I think the blunt answer to your question is, yes, we're expecting to get the inventory levels of our owned inventory and then of the customer inventories down this quarter. We'll watch the customers what they have at the builders, what's that flow-through hopefully. We would have hoped that it would have happened by now, but I think macroeconomic conditions are weighing on everybody a little bit that way. And we believe that by controlling our own build plan, which results in higher underutilization charges that we can actually get our owned inventory down as well.
Dave Mosley: Yeah. I think also just to your other point about this is pretty low historically. It certainly is. There's still macro challenges ahead of all of us. I think in F Q2, the consumer is pretty weak. Channel inventory is still fairly high, not on an absolute unit basis but on a run-rate basis, certainly. And there's kind of muted to no seasonality at all this year in F Q1 or F Q2 for us. And we're not expecting the cloud recovery in F Q2. We just are watching the inventory levels. And China will also -- the recovery will be slow there. We've been predicting some sort of recovery for about three quarters. And there is a little bit of sentiment that things will start to get better, but we want to see that in hard purchase orders just to be really frank. So the recovery is all dependent on the pace of the customers working through these inventory levels.
Dave Mosley: Yeah, Wamsi, I think like Shanye said, we don't really think it's appropriate for us to be commenting on it at all at this time. I mean, we'll cooperate transparently, and we believe we have a really good compliance program in place with all the policies and procedures. So that's what builds our confidence. But like I said, we'll communicate transparently. I just don't think it's appropriate for us to be commenting.
Dave Mosley: It's still a little too hard to call revenue growth. I'll let Gianluca quantify some of the pricing environment discussions. But I would say at the high cap, the 20-plus terabyte family, pricing was relatively benign. I think there was really competitive space, especially in legacy and the low cap nearline because those markets are so depressed right now. So it was fairly competitive.  And I think this is just a sign of the times in the industry when factories aren't full people want to get as much demand as they can to keep running their factories. And we're all mindful of that right now. So I think we need to see supply and demand come back in the balance to see a better environment.
Dave Mosley: We're not really trying for market share, I'd say at this point in time. We're watching all these inventories levels. And we're saying, let's make sure we build the right absolute right stuff. So I think there various challenges that I can articulate at various hyperscalers. And they have different business models, different dynamics within them. Some have multiple business models. So there's macro implications as you're hearing from some of their comments. And there are also architectural transitions and there are still supply chain shortages. In some cases, some of the supply chain shortages led to situations where people bought too much of the wrong stuff, and then there's even overages in the supply chain. So I think it's really complicated as to how this inventory built. Fundamentally, the creation vectors for data and the consumption of mass capacity drives have not changed. There is an aging of the fleet going on. There's replacement of old mass capacity drives with the new ones which has TCO proposition, higher capacity drives are just better that way. And so all of the relevant trends still exist. We believe that the drives that are in the data centers today are being used. They're more full than ever. The data keeps coming at them because of all the hyperscaler product offerings that are incentivizing people to move to the cloud. So we think this is just a temporary environment.
Dave Mosley: Yeah. Thanks, Karl. What I would say is that in the current environment where you have free capacity in your fabs, you use that to run more and more experiments to accelerate things. I mean, that's one lesson from numerous downturns in the past that I have. So we're definitely taking advantage of that to do all we can to accelerate not only HAMR, but get the yields up and the scrap down and get to better cost platforms and things like that.  We're gaining so much confidence on HAMR that not only are we talking about the dates, but we're also talking about the ability to move capacity up beyond just introductory, say, 30-terabyte platform up to higher capacity points. That also allows us then to take componentry out of 20-terabyte drives, for example, so that we can address the market that way. So all of that is going on right now inside Seagate. And I would say it's not just about one small piece of technology HAMR. It's also about readers and certain mechanical subsystems and electronics and everything else is really being brought together. We're in full stage product development right now and like I said in the prepared remarks, very happy with the progress.  Relative to CapEx, we've been planning for these transitions for a long, long time. So there's only a few tools that are tremendously complicated. The tools that we use that are making average recording heads and recording media. Those tools can be repurposed and they're pretty sophisticated. We know how to run them. So a lot of confidence on being able to hit the ramp that way.
Dave Mosley: Yeah. I think from a hard drive perspective, it's an easy answer. We have plenty of inventory right now. So we need to bleed that off. Relative to the drive side, or sorry, to the system side, we have had shortages, and I think the broader industry has had shortages. And sometimes just individual $1 component, sometimes assemblies like power supplies or nicks or things like that. What I would say is that most of that is breaking free. It's not completely done yet. One of the reasons for the success of our systems business is the complexity is not very high. And so people are used to very bespoke solutions in that world, but they'll take what they can get and they're aggregating on less complex, simpler to achieve from a supply chain perspective designs. We see some smaller competitors really struggling for that, and that may even mean they have to exit the market. So I think we've had quite a bit of success in our channel business as well. So I think all of these trends are really supply chain trends. We believe by building very, very few SKUs and building them well, that we'll have a market advantage.
Dave Mosley: And we'll continue to invest in ourselves and all the other things that make us Seagate through these periods of time. We have to come up with a plan and execute the plan relative to all those things, and that's what we're out to do. It's one of the reasons why we're dipping into our inventory, getting working capital flowing a little bit more right now, not just to pause on the share buybacks, but we definitely want to execute this plan as aggressively as we can, as early as we can to make sure that we're safe.
Dave Mosley: I do think things have been changing through the course of the summer. So yes, let me give you a little bit of color in. And in some cases -- in many cases, we have LTAs that we're constantly negotiating to give us predictability. We need that predictability to kind of run our factories and communicate with our supply chain partners so that we can get efficiency and lower cost and so on. Typically, the customers had been in the past, pulling above the LTAs. What you saw through the course of the summer was a market change. And I think -- I won't say exactly when it happened because we have lots of LTAs. Some are longer than others. They time out at different times. They're subject to changes things come up for renewal. So it's fairly complex. But as we get close to some of them ending within a quarter at the end of the LTA, for example, we're negotiating the next one, we get a sense of the inventory, the data center build-outs that have happened or that are going to continue to happen, and that's what really changed this summer, if that helps for the color.
Dave Mosley: Right, Aaron, they are -- and it's a fairly complex space. But I will say that -- if you look at what's aging off, the exabytes that are aging off is actually pretty small. The exabytes that they're putting on is relatively large. So the -- we believe the growth in usage of exabytes is large, but we also believe there's a little too much inventory. I'm not going to say it's -- I'm not going to try to quantify how much that is. I think there's other reasons why some of the pauses in data center build-outs have happened. And depending on which customer you're specifically talking to, it's -- can be complexities in their supply chain. It's not necessarily their business models that are driving the problem there. So -- and it's a complex space globally.  There's lots of different kinds of LTAs. We would just -- I would say that as they -- what I said before is as they've timed out, people have given us visibility to the next one and the next one is significantly lower. So then therefore, we're in a period of coming to reality on that relative to what we're building and making sure we're disciplined through it.
Dave Mosley: So there's a difference between mass cap and nearline. So mass capacity typically would run a little bit higher -- or sorry, lower. And then nearline would grow a little bit higher. So that's the reason for the difference. But I think our fiscal '23 will be an anomalous year for sure. And what kind of new trajectory we get into is -- obviously, as we continue to build exabytes in the cloud, the growth rate will come down over the next 10 years.  But I do think that we believe the fundamental drivers are still there for data. We're pretty excited about answering that with more and more efficient drives as well, so which is why we're using this period to kind of get those drives into the factories to come out as aggressively as we can afterwards.
Dave Mosley: Well, we still watch all of the regulations that come out and process them, not only for how it might impact our products, but how it might impact the broader market as well, right? It's not just demand, it's other parts of the market. And we've seen some impacts there over time for all markets. I think broadly speaking, there is a healthy diversity of different customers satisfying end demand. And I do think that ultimately, the demand is going to shift somewhere else because the demand for smart city applications, as we said in our script, is still there. People want efficiency, whether it's in traffic control, like we talked about, or healthcare or video surveillance around the world make people safer.  So we think that market has been underserved probably for the last year, and we think ultimately, it's going to come back. So it's just -- we're not building or packing into the products right now because we want to make sure that we see the purchase orders.
Dave Mosley: It's not as big, Shannon, but we can go with yields and scrap. And these are still material numbers that the team can use, the time, the excess capacity, and so on to do the right experiments to drive those on the right products.
Dave Mosley: Yeah. I would say we'll still have the ability to flex up. Obviously, people impacts are the toughest parts of the job, and we're really sensitive to not only the people but the communities and the supply chain. There are big impacts happening right now. We are lowering output of some of the legacy products and completing product transitions to future products, which are more efficient products as well, just from a support perspective. So the complexity of the product line is coming down and resetting the factory footprint a little bit.  We haven't talked about that very much. But there are demand realities out there what line we have, where it may actually impact the factory footprint. So there's OpEx support around that as well. That will all help as we restructure and then come out. We're very mindful of the fact that we do need to accelerate into the future with the right products as well because that's been the nature of this business. I don't think there's a massive structural change in mass capacity data that we're planning at this point in time. We're just dealing with the reality of the current environment.
Dave Mosley: Yeah, I think, Jim, maybe this ties back to Shannon's question as well. Mass capacity was up almost 60% in fiscal calendar '20, mid-30s in '21. FY23 is likely going to be negative. That's the first time that's ever happened before. So it's not that data is not growing. It's certainly growing in all the application space. I just think that we've got to make sure we reduce our manufacturing build plans to maintain this healthy supply discipline. And we may see a pop back to some of those big spikes again. It may be a more muted growth. We don't know, but we're really confident in the long term drivers. And so we'll take this reset right now and then deal with the future as it comes.
Dave Mosley: I think 2016 was kind of a double dip. So it was a real odd ball. I don't expect that's going to happen here. I think what we have is a phasing up of a confluence of factors between macroeconomics and architectural transitions like we talked about, some supply chain issues that people still have. I do think we'll see some people start to come out of it sooner rather than later and other people may be more conservative.  So it's too early to call exactly when it's going to happen, but we're going to be watching it very carefully and then making sure that we use our cash to only build what's absolutely necessary for the market through that period.
Dave Mosley: I think, Ananda, as you know, there's many different types of factories that we have. So some are dramatically underutilized. Others will keep running relatively heavy because we're doing experiments to make sure that we can do product transitions and get the yields up on the products that are going to bring us out of this period. And some of those products are way more efficient as well. So we can use that not only the investments that we're making from an OpEx perspective but to guide ourselves toward what restructuring we need to do of our manufacturing footprint through this period. So I think they go hand in glove.
Dave Mosley: And Tom, certainly on what we're planning on building and then moving, we intend to reduce our bills right now to make sure that the inventory gets properly adjusted. We said in our last quarter as well. I mean -- so we're watching the inventory that the entire market has. But we also do think that at some point, mass capacity is going to start climbing again. So we just want to get there with the right products and to make sure we control the bills.
Dave Mosley: Yeah, that's good. So this year it will be so far down, that the question is, does it snap back or like I made reference earlier in the call here to I think calendar '20, where it was 60%. So I don't expect that, just to be blunt, but this is exactly why we go work those LTAs, give people predictability, our sales predictability on what exactly the demands are for our factories, and then give the customers the predictability so that they can understand the pricing environment and so on and the number of exabytes we are going to need to pull. And so we are still having those conversations very seriously with everyone. I think what changed through the course of the summer was the fact that they were telling us about what's going on this fall. And we got this phase-up of all these different macroeconomic business, architectural transitions that were happening that are affecting us.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Cole. As always, I'd like to thank all of our stakeholders for their ongoing support. I'm confident Seagate will navigate through these near-term difficult conditions and be in a stronger position to meet our customers' needs for innovation and for cost-effective storage solutions well into the future. Thanks for joining us today, and we look forward to further engaging with our shareholders over the next few months.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. During the September quarter, we reduced production twice at the beginning of the quarter and then again during September. And we actually increased even more through the end of September. So we had more than $50 million of underutilization charges in the September quarter. December will be higher.  So we start already with a lower production than the beginning of the prior quarter in October, in November. And then in the month of December, we will, of course, look at the demand for the March quarter and see if we can start to ramp back production or we need to keep it lower. And I think Dave wants to add something.
Gianluca Romano: In the legacy market, we saw some pricing pressure, so the low capacity drives, maybe also coming from the very low price of the NAND right now. On the high-capacity drive, as Dave said, the price environment is still very favorable and say fairly stable. So I would say different from what we have seen in prior down cycles.
Gianluca Romano: Down cycle for me—in a down cycle, market share is not -- should not be the priority or -- the important is to focus on free cash flow. And keeping the free cash flow positive and also to keep the pricing environment as stable as possible, and this means reduced production, try to keep supply and demand in a good balance. And of course, preparing for the long term demand that we -- for sure, we still see very, very solid.
Gianluca Romano: Yeah. No, we are happy with the liquidity that we have. Actually, no, our cash balance is higher than prior quarter. As you have seen, we have increased our debt during the September quarter. We are, of course, looking at covenants, looking at debt structure. And if we have to take actions there, we will, for sure, do it. But now we are -- as we said in our prepared remarks, we are comfortable with the level of our dividend, but we are pausing on our share buyback for a while.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. We want to protect the dividend. As you know, one of our priority is shareholder return. And dividend is an important part of that. And we know that and we want to protect the dividend.
Gianluca Romano: Yeah. We are executing the restructuring plan in November so you will see already some impact in the December quarter. I would say $290 million is very aggressive. It's probably in the $300 million range for the next few quarters.
Gianluca Romano: Well, on the utilization charges, as I said before, we had a little bit more than $50 million in the September quarter. When we go into the December quarter, we expect that to be higher and the revenue actually you expect to be a little bit lower. So the impact to gross margin percentage is, of course higher.  On top of that, you need to look at the mix. In the September quarter, we had a lower mass capacity percentage compared to the total HDD revenue, compared to the prior quarter. And we also had higher system. And system actually have a little bit lower gross margin than hard disk in general. So it depends also how the mix will be exactly in December. But probably as you have seen from the guidance, we expect a further decrease in gross margin in the short term.  But we are very comfortable with the long term, as soon as the microeconomic situation will improve, especially in Asia and then in China, and this inventory correction will be over, and we go back to our more normalized revenue level. We actually expect to have a strong gross margin, as we were doing just three quarters ago. And there is no reason why we should not be in that range again.
Gianluca Romano: Well, we focus on all we can manage in the working capital. But for sure, the inventory level is the main driver that we can use right now. Our inventory has grown from $1.1 billion before the start of the COVID to almost $1.6 billion in the September quarter. So we have opportunity right now to reduce our inventory. It of course, will not happen all in one quarter, but we will diligently reduce our inventory in the next couple of quarters.
Gianluca Romano: Well, it's a bit difficult to say right now. So what we are doing is keeping the level of production down for the month of October and November for sure. And then at the end of November, we will look at a more tangible demand for the quarter of March and also June and see if it's the right time to ramp it back or if we need to keep it down for a few more weeks.
Gianluca Romano: Well, based on the level of production that we have today, underutilization charges will be substantially higher than the September quarter because the period of time where we keep the production level low, will be at least two months. We still don't know exactly if we need even to go a little bit longer. But that is the main reason why the gross margin is declining. And of course, with the top line being lower or the percentage is impacted even more. So that is, I would say, the majority. In terms of the COVID cost, there's been fairly flat quarter-over-quarter. We don't think that part will deteriorate. Actually now on the freight, we know we are spending a little bit less because we ship less unit. So those are the main drivers. And then with the restructuring, when we go in the next -- in the March quarter, the restructuring will start to have some positive impact to our P&L, of course.
Gianluca Romano: Well, I said this before, of course, the level of production will have the majority of the impact on our gross margin in the future, but also the restructuring. We are restructuring the company. This will give us some benefit and some financial benefit in the future. A part of this restructuring, a significant part of this restructuring is actually in manufacturing. So when production level goes back up to where it was before, and our top line will start to improve. As I said before, we expect gross margin to go back to where it was and even better.
Gianluca Romano: But longer term, Ananda, longer term, we will also have the benefit of our new technology. So with a 30-terabyte HAMR and future products based on that technology, we also expect that to be accretive to our gross margin. So there are many things that you need to consider when you start to model longer term.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. So if we execute the restructuring, as we had planned in November, I would say the March quarter will include the full benefit.
Gianluca Romano: Well, of course, it's difficult to predict the future, and we have been a little bit surprised recently, but I can tell you in our internal plan, we see an improvement in the March quarter compared to what we carry in December.
Gianluca Romano: Especially if the situation in China will start to improve compared to what has been in the last six months. That will be a major benefit to our business.
Gianluca Romano: No, I think the price will improve. Of course, in the September quarter, the mix is also very important. We shifted a lot of our 20 terabyte. So it's difficult to just look at the price in total. You really need to look at the price on the like-for-like for the same product.  What I said before that maybe, no, you didn't get because you were not here. On the legacy part of the business, we have some pricing pressure. On the mass capacity, the mid capacity, there is some reduction, but on the high capacity drives, the pricing is very stable.
Gianluca Romano: We think we'll stay positive. I said before, we also have a fairly high level of inventory that we are reducing. So this will help also with our free cash flow. So we don't expect so far any negative quarter of free cash flow.
