Steve Luczo: Thanks, Dave. Given the recent published earning results and the related conservative guidance from a broad base of large corporations that serve the global technology and industrial markets we are planning for season declines and revenue in June quarter for most of the markets we serve with the exception of near line markets.  Based on these factors as well as our decision of not to participate in the GPC client market we expect to achieve revenues of approximately $2.3 billion in the June quarter with relatively flat gross margins and operating expenses. We continue to expect the demand in the second half of calendar year 2016 will be stronger than the first half with positive seasonal trends and continued growth in near line demand offset somewhat by macro-economic pressures. With this anticipated revenue growth as well as the actions we are taking to align our manufacturing footprint our operating expense, gross margins and profitability will improve in the second half of 2016.  Should there be improvements in the macro economic conditions we should expect to see HDD unit across all markets with commensurate benefits to the company's performance. Thank you for joining us on the call today and we can now open it up for questions and answers. 
Steve Luczo: I think the capacity issue also relates to the amount of outsourced drives we have Rich, so in the second half of the year we expect revenue growth for the guide for June and we would expect that to continue through 2017 so the adjustments manufacturing of where we taking our internal capacity which was under absorbed and taking production inside which was basically additional under absorption but that was the non-operating fix costs or the cost of the factories themselves so there is a double effect of what happens once we bring the drives in as well to reduce our overall footprint.  But we would expect to counter your 2017 revenues other than seasonal decline from December to March should continue to grow assuming the macro condition is stable in part because the portfolio also gets a lot stronger with the 1 TB and 2.5 and the 2 TB which are then products which are highly competitive and we believe at least six months ahead of the competition and capacity better much more relevant to us than the clients base. 
Steve Luczo: Let me just give a general trend and then you can talk about the R&D side. In general the gross profit dollars is the same which is why losing 700,000 units but picking up 350,000 the gross margin percentages are about the same and once you reach the crossover point where we can either meet the upside demand or naturally exceed or whatever erosion continues in mission critical and like I said, its' really hard to understanding mission critical right now, is it being driven by macro or flashes or certain segments of that.  And maybe the macros even accelerating the incursion of flash, it doesn't really matter; it's not going to reverse itself so we are preparing for the continued decline of the 15K segment. But as Dave indicated the 10K segment from our customer input will remain intact for a number of quarters if not for a number of years. I think it's more about managing the investment in the portfolio forward and then obviously again adjusting the manufacturing footprint so you are keeping pace and are a little bit ahead of the decline so all sold out versus having excess capacity. Dave will talk to you in more detail
Steve Luczo: I think in the near future Sherri meaning the next 6 months to 12 months the consideration clearly go invest in the business because we do feel we have technology and product leads as long as the macro environment stays like it is with the product execution. We feel pretty good about the company's position competitively. And then in terms of what we will do with the cash flow, I think defending the dividend is the first we would do and would certainly like to keep the dividend level where it is.  Initially obviously where the payout ratios are involved 30% and 50% as we had indicated but if the company is growing into that and improving revenues and margins, certainly we will put the company in position where the board has easier decision to make or the other way around. I think in terms of buy backs whether it's debt or equity, for the near term we will probably not reduce the cash or probably if there is excess cash we would keep it on the balance sheet, just in case the macro situation turns on us as we had more confidence about 2017 outlook. And again the success of our products, we would evaluate that in terms of best use of it beyond dividend or going on balance sheet. 
Steve Luczo: Yes, we talked about was it worth guessing right now to provide you some guidance on that and I think I would prefer just for us to get through this next 60 days of really understanding to the changes we are going to be making to the operational footprint and investments because the reality is depending upon which decisions we make there is different timing. Some of the things we can get after right away is mostly mentioned but others are really a function of product transitions, customer call issue, regulatory issues etcetera so I think this is probably not worth guessing at this point and as we get more clarity on that specific actions we will get back to you.  The question is do we still get back in that range in a reasonable period of time the answer is yes, we can get ourselves back into the range. But we want to just get little more work done before we give you an idea of when that's going to happen in this quarter. We rather do a little more work before we lay that out for you. 
Steve Luczo: Yes our feeling based on customer input was that the economics mostly talking to the application shift Aaron so the macro stuff I am not going to speculate on, if it gets worse than obviously all these markets will be under pressure. If it gets better all get a little bit reprieve.  But it feels like the trend of where mission critical 15K is being taken out the point of exposure in 10K is in for now, maybe not for a while based on customer effects. So, our point is that as the transition to some point stabilizes and this probably happens in the second half of the calendar year. 
Steve Luczo: Great. Everyone, thanks for taking the time today. And we look forward to talking next quarter and thanks for all your support as well to our customers and suppliers and most importantly our employees. Thanks very much. 
