Dave Mosley: Thanks Kate. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us today. For today’s earnings call, I will cover the high level trends we’re seeing in the business. Our CFO, Dave Morton will then discuss certain financial highlights, and I will close the call with our outlook for the March quarter.  Beginning with our operational results for the December quarter, Seagate achieved revenues of $2.9 billion, up 11% sequentially and up 1% year-over-year, GAAP gross margins of 30.1% and a net income of $159 million. GAAP diluted earnings per share were $0.55 including a one-time provision for income taxes of $208 million related to tax reform.  On a non-GAAP basis, Seagate achieved gross margins of 30.4%, net income of $431 million, up 5% year-over-year, and diluted earnings per share of $1.48, up 7% year-over-year.  HDD exabyte shipments for the December quarter were a record 87.5 exabytes, up 28% year-over-year. The average capacity per drive across the HDD portfolio was also a record - 2.2 terabytes per drive, up 29% year-over-year, and the average selling price per unit was $68, up 3% year-over-year. GAAP operating expenses were $440 million, down 15% year-over-year, and non-GAAP operating expenses were $390 million, also down 15% year-over-year.  Cash flow from operations for the quarter was $850 million, up 30% year-over-year, and free cash flow was $773 million, up 38% year-over-year. Achieving revenue and profitability growth and significant cash flow generation in the December quarter reflects Seagate’s strong execution and the competitiveness of our storage portfolio, particularly in cloud-based environments as average capacity per drive continues to grow rapidly. I’m very pleased with the traction we have gained with our mass storage solutions across the enterprise, edge and consumer markets.  In addition to the solid December quarter results, in January we announced that Seagate has entered into a long-term NAND supply agreement with Toshiba Memory. This agreement will provide continuity of NAND supply for our expanding product portfolio. We have matured our entire technology portfolio over the last several years and today we have a broad offering of flash-based products that are ready to scale and grow across multiple markets. Diversifying and expanding our competitive HDD mass storage portfolio with SSD and enterprise storage solutions will enable meaningful future revenue growth and profits over the next several years while providing significant value for our storage customers. We look forward to updating you on our progress in the future. I’ll now turn the call over to Dave Morton to go into more depth on our operational activities. 
Dave Mosley: Thanks Dave. The Seagate team has focused for the past two years on reducing our operational footprint and reshaping our cost structure to address the current demand environment. Our supply chain from suppliers to factories to sales and fulfillment are now entirely focused on agility and flexibility for our customers. I’m proud of the team for completing our significant restructuring plans, and while we will always have cost reduction efforts, we are well positioned to shift our focus as a company to capturing new market opportunities and achieving sustainable revenue growth and profitability.  Turning to our market outlook, we remain conservatively optimistic about the current macroeconomic environment as well as spending trends for cloud-based environments. On the heels of the various IT component supply constraints we witnessed over the last year or so, we’re continuing to monitor outgoing inventory closely. From Seagate’s vantage point, our channel inventory positions and inventory for our customers that are visible to us are, in general, lower than last year. For the March quarter, we anticipate year-over-year exabyte growth with continued strong demand in cloud storage as supply remains tight in our highest capacity solutions. For the other markets we serve, we anticipate normal sequential seasonal demand declines. As a result of the strong cloud demand and seasonality in our other markets, we expect total revenues to be down 5 to 7% sequentially from the December quarter. This represents lower sequential revenue declines than the last few years and year-over-year revenue growth for Seagate. We expect gross margins to be sequentially in line with the December quarter’s gross margins and continue to be within our 29% to 33% long-term range. Non-GAAP operating expenses will be down sequentially 2% to 3% with further cost containment measures as we continue to manage our operating expenses tightly, targeting approximately $375 million per quarter by the end of fiscal ’18. In summary, I’d like to thank our customers, employees, suppliers and business partners for their contributions to our quarter’s results. Thank you for joining us on the call today, and we’ll now open up the call for questions and answers.
Dave Mosley: Hi Katy. I think I’d characterize it more as flat year-over-year, but to your point, are there opportunities to move higher, yes, there are if the demand picture continues to improve like we saw it do so last quarter. I would say that there are some markets, and in particular we called out the enterprise solutions, some of the non-HDD assets that we’re still continuing to pare, so that’s work that we have to do that may have been a slight drag, and I think we can fix that over time. But I think there are opportunities if we see the demand picture continue.
Dave Mosley: I think the quick answer is no, I won’t go into any of those details. What I will tell you is we have a fairly broad portfolio with which to play the hand, so we have all the way from enterprise, even into consumer devices that we can use. We’re developing those right now and we’re trying to intercept not only the Toshiba NAND but all the NAND supply that we can get, and we believe that this is a good chance for us to grow, but we haven’t really quantified it yet and we won’t for a while, until the deal is finally done.
Dave Mosley: Let’s see. I like our portfolio. There is a lot of times where people tend to fixate on one product versus another. We have a fairly strong product offering across many, and so therefore when we can satisfy customers who are fairly diverse in their requirements, we’ll do well.  I think as we’ve talked about before, we’ve been moving away from some of the lower capacity points over the past year, and that has served us well as well. From a competitiveness standpoint, all I would say is that from our portfolio perspective, we’re leading in areal density so we have a lot of flexibility in how to play those components into the various markets.
Dave Mosley: Yes, as are we. I would say when you compare it to last year, cloud growth was almost non-existent last year. Exabyte growth was almost non-existent in some of the quarters last year. I think we ran three quarters in a row with a fairly flat demand profile. If you go back historically over the last five years, it’s been 35%, so to your point, to go from zero percent over three quarters, there is going to be some backlash, higher than 35% for a while, and we are seeing that demand in calendar ’18. When it ends, don’t know at this point, but right now to the point, we’re bit constrained as we’ve said for the last few weeks, and we’ll continue to chase it.
Dave Mosley: Let’s see - logical is an interesting question. What I would say is a year ago when we were being asked the question in a different way, we remained committed to it, so we remain committed to returning value to shareholders via these mechanisms right now. I really don’t want to get into the forward-looking pieces of this because as we’ve seen, the market can be fairly volatile. I think we’re happy with where we are right now.
Dave Mosley: There are products in qualification right now across NVMe, multiple flavors of NVMe, SAS, refresh to the SAS portfolio, and also SATA products, even consumer products. So specifically which product, what capacity points, it’s a fairly diverse offering, and I think this is reflecting the same thing that’s going on in those markets. So we’re fairly happy with it competitively and I think that’s why we think that both on brand strength and customer service we’ll be able to get some revenue growth with the bits all come online, when we intercept all that flash supply and get the technology integrated.
Dave Mosley: I look at it a little bit differently. We’ve taken factory footprints down, and as we did that, we had to actually move and build some buildings and things like that, so even the capital that we talked about, 4 to 6% of the range, we’ll start applying some of that capital to bit growth if you want to look at it that way. We’re really pleased with the way that average capacity per drive is moving north, and we’re going to have the capital there to achieve that kind of growth. Yields are something we continue to work. We’ve had a lot of focus obviously in the factories on moving things in the last two years as we did this restructuring, but now we can just focus wholeheartedly on improving our yields and getting after better equipment utilization and things like that, now that we have the footprint.
Dave Mosley: Right. That’s interesting. I think there have been what we call digestion cycles in the past, where large cloud service providers would buy in big tranches and then they would digest for a while, which means they buy less relatively. I think we’re starting to see more diversification, especially in this last cycle, and it may have been magnified by some of the component supply - other components, not hard drives, component supply issues that happened last year. But right now, we see a very, very healthy diverse market geographically by capacity points, by application space, which the cloud isn’t all about one application space, as people know, there are many different [indiscernible]. So to your point, helping with that, addressing all those different customers with all their diverse needs is going to help us get better visibility, I think.
Dave Mosley: Hi Ananda. On the first point - gosh, if we start by looking at all the different customers we serve, there are some markets where we were competing with people who didn’t necessarily control the core componentry like we do but they build really cheap, and there is a lot of disruption going on in the market - I don’t need to tell you guys that. There is a lot of complexity in the market as well, so people can move from solution to solution very quickly. I don’t think that’s going to be in our bailiwick.  I do think that longer term, it’s important that Seagate is able to add value above and beyond the drive at the system level, if you will, and part of the reason for that is we have to do it anyway when we integrate into customers’ chassis and so on. I think as you see some of those markets stabilize a little bit, less complexity, it’ll be more obvious as to what we should do and which customers ultimately we’re building for, and so it’s been a churn for us. I think it’s going on in other places in the industry as well. Relative to how far are we through that, I can’t really tell, but I do think it started five or more years ago and it’s not over yet. We’re going to do the smart thing. We believe that long term it’s important that Seagate maintains this kind of ability to understand and add value above the drives. On the second part, I think your question was tightness in the market for enterprise drives, and it’s really back to the question I think Rob asked, which was long-term visibility, does that give you better visibility. I think it does. Most of the scale players as they sense these kind of problems are actually talking to us quite a bit about longer term visibility and making sure that our supply chain is properly architected to address their needs. You know, hopefully that helps the demand picture, as I answered Rob too.
Dave Mosley: Good. With that, thanks everyone. I’d really like to thank our customers, employees, and suppliers and business partners for their help this last quarter, and we’ll talk to you next quarter.
