Pat O’Malley: So you want to me to segway into the third question which is somewhat related. How much did supply exceed demand in the June quarter and what is the expectation for the September quarter of upstate mostly going in on that.
Pat O’Malley: Rich this is Pat, I would say historically the historical perspective, it may have taken up to two quarters before so as much as we may have liked to have seen a quicker response, it is getting tighter and so as they’ve said we saw signs of the inventory coming in back in line by the end of the quarter.
Pat O’Malley: I think Rich the difficult thing the rest of this year and really in the fiscal year 11 is against what macro economic environment and I think fiscal year 11 for the drive industry on the whole is, it’s a challenging year because most of us are in-product transitions which means the products we are shipping are going probably stay in production for the mass amount through the fiscal year and what we are doing is developing next generation technology under that.  You don’t see that in terms of the benefit of a ramp really till the end of fiscal year 11 and then probably really in to fiscal year 12. That’s a tough enough environment to manage yourself in, from a cost perspective in a growing environment and with the industry participants matching supply and demand. When the macro scenario is more volatile then you have to have the ability to either change your mix or change your bills pretty quickly, and I would say that this quarter showed that some of the industry participants have those controls in place and able to respond quickly change mix, reduce build and maybe not the entire industry is there but this is a lot better than it has been historically yes and we believe that it gets a lot better, you know over the next year or two as well as, as companies continue obviously to streamline their operations, it doesn’t help anyone to over billed on a sustained basis because as we all know you can’t sustain market share gains by over-building and pricing, its all about new products.
Pat O’Malley: Yes, rich in January [due] formally with the board approves for the management to execute an Anti-Dilution plan given what the shares outstanding and the outstanding options. We still have ability to continue buyback shares if we deem that appropriate and we probably would have at a run rate what we just accomplished in the last quarter we probably had a couple more quarters of that if all things were in line, i.e. the stock prices and a few other variables, but we do have more ability to buy back shares under that board authority. 
Pat O’Malley: Most of the comments that we said about consumers don’t really hold in the enterprise it’s been fairly, I’ll call it seasonal off the levels that we’re at right now, but seasonally up to just slightly, and that goes for the mission critical and business critical products that we’re talking about so. 
Pat O’Malley: Yes, I think there’s been some aggressiveness there as well. A big picture I think Seagate has a really strong broad portfolio and our OEM customers understand that so, we can manage it.
Pat O’Malley: That’s how we are planning our business for this quarter to be conservative. We certainly as Steve said, we hopefully we had a conservative forecast based on everything that we see, but we just want to manage a business on that level of optics right now given the level of uncertainty that as Steve called cross currents that we are getting.
Pat O’Malley: Generally, the pricing in the September quarter over the last couple of years has been fairly benign, and I would say that given the June dynamics, we are certainly the channel where we’d be somewhat insulated because we have over 70% of business OEM, that sort of crossed the whole portfolio, so I would say that September is not, I would not call it a traditional pricing quarter for a September quarter.
Pat O’Malley: One, on the latter we have continually adjusted our CapEx, what we see, what production line, so, Bob would comment but we, currently we have a fairly dynamic capital planning process, even with long lead times we try to manage at. We have a cash based receipt method. So, I’d say what rolls over, we might have some that we buy, and September rolls over and we will manage the CapEx about 6% to 8% of our revenue. We think that’s a long-term model to stay in technology production at a healthy level to support the business.  So, as opposed to the number, we will just manage it within that range. 
Pat O’Malley: Roughly 50-50 with the pricing mix and the fixed cost dynamic would be other 50-50. As Steve said is, if we have upside we certainly have to go manage that but given that we see a long-term growth in the industry. We could certainly shed fixed cost but that wouldn’t be the wise thing to do in the short term. So, we will manage the business conservatively until we see line of sight where maybe upsides or if there are, we will manage that through the quarter and try keep inventory tight which will drive to a higher production cost through the beginning part of the quarter. That’s our assumption in the model.
Pat O’Malley: And Jason, we are not saying that 5 million caused this impact. As Dave said, it started early in the quarter and continued through. So the pricing environment just didn’t end on those 5 million drives.
Pat O’Malley: Yes, but I’d also caution you not to just count the impact of 5 million units too much. I mean when the industry was 5 million units short consecutive for three or four quarters you saw price stability that we haven’t seen in a decade. So, 5 million units of over production especially since most of its going into very limited customer base, it’s a lot of units to be all of a sudden trying to move and you have to remember that those prices are very transparent not withstanding, this is just a special deal for you, and it impacts pricing across the board very quickly.
Bob Whitmore: Yes. This is addressed in the supplemental that Steve referenced earlier. If you haven’t had a chance to read it yet, we quantify it and said its five million drives where supply exceeded demand and we’re actually moved in the quarter. Putting an exact number on this is always difficult but I’d say this, I’d break it into really two dynamics. One, very early in the quarter, where the consumer demand particularly in Europe sell-off very quickly. A particularly high caps, so mix was effected as well and there are a lot of dynamics for that. There’s various components, pricing that effect these things and obviously consumer sentiments and other big driver for these shifts that we see going on. At that time, I believe that people were still putting out units above what the two demand signals were and putting them into that region and then therefore, starting to move, tried to move those units with price. And so, obviously, when that’s happenings, we’ve got to keep an eye on it to pass comments before we’ve got to make sure that we ratchet back production as quickly as possible to make sure supply and demand stay in balance. The industry always needs to a better job at that. At the back end of June, it’s a little bit different as typically this quarter, as Steve referenced, the linearity of 50% of the quarter is done in the month of June. I think we’re even a little bit higher than that this time and in my opinion right now, some of the deals that were taken, that I saw taken probably really could have been fulfilled at July, supply it anyway. So I think, I think not controlling production there at the back end is probably causing some of those other behaviors also. So that’s why, that’s how I’d rationalize five million. It’s a fairly easy number, maybe a tad higher than that even. We probably have to get through the first few weeks of July into August to probably see exactly what the, how the dynamics should have played but, that’s our opinion on it for now.
Bob Whitmore: Yes and then of course they will reflect above the aggressive pricing that occurred in the June quarter mark.
Bob Whitmore: Aaron, I don’t know if you remember a couple of quarters ago I gave an update of where we thought we were aerial density-wise and at that time I said that we continue to invest to stay on what I’ll call industry trajectories of aerial density, what we expect the compounded annual growth rate to be. And I said that we are happy with the way things were going that the results were in line with those trajectories and I’d say six months later we feel the same way. We continue to see our internal components demonstrated at a rate that will keep us on track with what I’ll call again traditional trajectory, so we don’t see that obvious fundamental shift in the way we have to do business as it relates to aerial density.
Steve Luczo: I think that’s a good point Rich, just as look at the 3.5 inch inventory in the channel for example going out. We talk about this in our supplement a bit. The industries still not bad shape historically, its just over four week. So the industry has responded just didn’t respond quickly enough at the start of the quarter in particular in some capacity points, the high capacity points that I made reference to earlier but I do think that over the course of the quarter there was definitely control in place. 
Steve Luczo: Yes. I mean I think what we are talking about where we are going obviously the key is you know Rich in this industry it is product transitions and you know product positioning with true technology is held one competitor outweighs the other and as the supply demand stays and balances the second. And I think as to your first question as the industry saw, was getting ahead it pulled back, so I think to Steve’s point a quick yes is sufficient because I think the industry is trying to manage to a tighter range in the profit pool.
Steve Luczo: I definitely think things stabilized, it wasn’t just the back end of the quarter, it was also the very front of the quarter because of the dynamics I mentioned earlier but, I definitely think things will stabilize into this, calendar Q3 and beyond. Just simply because they’ve already come down to levels, if you look at the various capacity points and as Steve said, you know what products are playing there, there’s not any major industry transitions coming for the next couple of quarters foreseeably, so I just don’t see the cost coming out, so I think those pricing points will stabilize.
Steve Luczo: Yes, I think in terms of share shifts again, last quarter I think it was or the quarter before you know we hit a very high market share which was as we indicated pretty reflective of lack of execution and one of the big enterprise players and we expect to hold that. However, we do believe that the 62% of share that we’re operating in is probably the right share for Seagate and we probably expect to hold that share and potentially do a little better if there’s execution issues which tends to be in the enterprise because it’s a difficult portfolio. I think in terms of demand, maybe just a little bit cautious still in terms of the cross currents that I indicated before against I would say it’s the one area where there seems to be recurring theme of strength whether or not it’s out of Intel or whether or not it’s out of IBM, or we’ll see what we hear from some of the other systems level companies. But maybe we’re a little more cautiously optimistic about enterprise in the September quarter. And then, clearly through the end of the year and through calendar 2011, we would expect that to be impacted by the refresh, the corporate technology refresh, and that’s going to be probably more a function of just what’s the macro scenario if you’ll like. 
Steve Luczo: I would say that a typical September quarter, not to overly beat a dead horse, but a typical September quarter doesn’t have as many of the cross currents that we are currently facing right now. I mean we’ve definitely transitioned I think from an environment that three to five months ago most CEOs of technology companies were planning for the upside and reacting to the downside and I would say that most of them are probably shifted more to a plan for the downside and be able to react to the upside. Seagate certainly has the operational flexibility to address that TAM that is at the high end of the range or frankly even higher than the high end of our range pretty quickly, and if that’s how it turns out, great. On the other hand, there was certainly enough going on in the June quarter and pricing that occurred at OEMs and in the channel that make us believe that, that’s a more prudent way to address the quarter from an investor perspective is to say that we are going to be at the low end of the range, and if things turn out better than that, then that’s great.
Steve Luczo: Yes, but to answer your question our capital budgets have come down significantly, whether or not they are significantly relative to the models the street has, I don’t know, because ours are obviously very dynamic and again when we were entering the quarter, there was a possibility as you may remember that we actually felt we would be at or above a 165 million units for the June quarter and then accelerating through back half of the year that was driving an expectation of a lot of capital. I think the dynamics have changed and up to the point now where we have definitely addressed our capital and reduced our budget significantly.
Steve Luczo: Yes, whether or not they added capacity or not, I don’t know. But I mean, from our perspective in the down term of 8%, it doesn’t really make sense to be up and build by 10% plus depending on how you account for the last 500 million drives that got shift. And I think that that behavior, it seemed like it took a long time for that competitor to adjust to production and whether or not that was a control issue or a goal to take market share for revenue growth or some other dynamic, we don’t understand. And how they are going adjust next quarter, obviously we don’t know, that’s why we are competitors. But, its just hard to say right now, Dave I mean…
Steve Luczo: I think maybe Kathy and I think that the only one piece of (inaudible) control out there and so is supposed to wishful thinking is the strength of Intel numbers. And obviously Intel has a 13 week lead cycle or more and they’re certainly seeing a different scenario than we feel because we’re at the closer end of the integration chain and they just do that, that’s indicative of a possibility of strong demand and people obviously aren’t going to walk away from Intel because if they close down a fab, that’s something that shuts off supply for six months like what happened a year ago. And so, yes there’s a possibility of that and again, its just back to how did the industry manage itself in terms of inventory in the channel and supply and demand and overall production capability.  But we certainly wish that we could get better visibility earlier in the September quarter but the nature of the September quarter is you don’t get great visibility probably till mid to late August but I think that at least there is a shot of that for sure. 
Steve Luczo: Right, I’d like to thank to everyone for joining us on the call today. Please give us your feedback on the format. I’d also like to thank our customers, our suppliers and our employees for their continued effort over the year and during the quarter and a great year to all the Seagate employees and again, thanks to our customers and suppliers. We look forward speaking with you next quarter. Thank you.
Dave Mosley: I know what I think you are referring to about channel pricing behaviors that are stabilizing. What I’d say at this point right now is just stability, which is good. The clients were so dramatic at the start of last quarter that I think the exit points that we have being stabilized and in some cases raised like you are seeing, is evident for the fact that our model is probably stable from here. That’s exactly what the biggest driver last quarter, and I think some to watch this quarter if you can.  
Dave Mosley: I think Jason you have to look at it from a little bit different perspective. Early when in the quarter, April, May timeframe, when consumer is so soft and people are just trying to get the early part of the quarter moving. They know that June is going to be big too so its really hard to see what the ending trajectory is, right. That’s setting those knobs properly as I think some of the, and versus the inventory that people had in the chains, that’s the thing we are questioning right. Now we ended as an industry with okay inventory levels but obviously the price is set where it is. Now as we see, as we enter the next quarter, seeing people stabilizing those pricing and in some cases saying, this isn’t good economics for me, I am going to raise the prices, I mean that makes sense to me. But I don’t see that trend going on a lot. I guess that’s it.
Dave Mosley: Yes, I mean we are really excited about the product. We have indicated I think for about the last year that we believe that the hybrid drives whether or not, ultimately that’s what we should be calling them, but drive where you basically utilize silicon technology in combination with HDD as probably by far in a way a better solution for the vast majority of client computing. I think in enterprise clearly there is a play for SSDs which Seagate feels very good about its roadmap right now. But in the mid-range of enterprise and clearly in the client, the hybrid drive has basically all the benefits of an SSD. In fact you might argue some that you can’t do with an SSD because you can actually cash between the rotating media and the silicon, then of course with the costing capacity advantages of HDD. So, we do feel good about it.  It’s a very interesting question about OEM’s, there are classes of OEM customers who basically you can’t even finish the presentation and they understand it, and they run hard. There are others who I think are stuck more on some of the cost benefits if you will. But we feel really good about the product and I think as I have said on occasion looking out five years I wouldn’t be shocked if 80% of our portfolio is hybrid.
Dave Mosley: It stabilized to the lower numbers what we kind of amended through the quarter Kathy and I would remind not holding the fence its still not great going into the following quarter now. We know a lot about vacations and consumers and affecting consumer behaviors in Europe through the month of July but I am still very, very cautious on what the true demand is.  You know there is indications and we are watching, Steve made comments about this in his script there that calendar Q4 may actually tick up in Europe but I think we’re going to have to get solidly into August probably before we know what the consumer spending patterns are in Europe and whether they have started to recover.
