Steve Luczo: I'll give a brief answer, and then, Pat, you can fill in. As indicated, the deal is really -- the whole transaction is actually being financed with cash from our balance sheet that we currently have, as well as equity. And I think risk ratio -- cash generation capabilities of the company, we certainly feel that the transaction will be financed in a manner that will not change any of the elements with respect to the dividend or the long-term buyback program that we've had in place. That being said, we're not commenting on any future financings we might take , it is not necessary at the course of this transaction but just as a course of our normal balance sheet management. Pat, you want to...
Steve Luczo: Right. I'll answer the question, no, the 18 million units in the $3.2 billion is representative of the total output of Samsung that they have seen all through the relationship with TDK/SAE, as well as the assets that they own and operate directly.
Steve Luczo: But, Ben, you're taking that under the construct what their scale and leverage was. I mean, they were very -- as a design team, very, very efficient. They just didn't have scale and leverage. Now you put that in our business, you can't take their gross margin as they're operating today and lay them into our financials because we're going to get scale out of theirs, which they lack. They don't lack design capabilities or manufacturing capabilities, they just lack scale.
Steve Luczo: Yes, I think the quarter, it wasn't a surge in demand due to a concern about supplier alert. There is constrained supply. And a lot of course the pricing negotiations with their OEMs have already been concluded prior to the disruptioning of the supply chain. And of course the channel is more typically a spot market and is basically the evidence of the supply/demand tightness right now, that the pricing has firmed relative to where it was.
Steve Luczo: Again, I think, as we indicated in the call, we expect that the supply situation is going to remain constrained through the June quarter.
Steve Luczo: Yes. With respect -- there hasn't been any industry consolidation. These transactions are all still pending and everybody is still competing against each other like they normally would. And I don't know what the indication is on the WD/Hitachi transaction. I think it was anywhere from 4 to 12 months. And we've indicated that we believe that this would be sometime before the end of this year. So that aspect doesn't really change anything, and I don't think we'll change anything post transaction. I think, as I indicated, there does appear to be security supply/demand imbalance that's related to component shortages that are impacting the various people in the supply-chain and in particular in this PC supply-chain. And that could have the implication of firmer pricing and depending on how bad those dislocations get, that will impact margins. Right now, as you can tell, we're not actually predicting anything like that happening.
Steve Luczo: Rich, I think I'll answer the second question first. I think that -- I don't know if it has anything to do with leakage from an announced transactions. I think it's more related to the relative impact that the component shortages have had on all of our competitors. And we have seen a lot of upsides from a lot of customers, and we can only respond to so many. And of course we need to manage our overall production, as well, given the fact that our factories are getting near capacity as well. So I don't know that I can say that it's the leakage because of the talks of Hitachi/WD transaction as much the interruptions to the supply-chain. With respect to Samsung OEM channel, I'm not going to talk specifically to it other than to indicate, obviously, they have a large OEM customer in the form of their own company on the PC side and other computer-related products and consumer products. And then they also have a channel business that's very interesting. There's not a lot of overlap, as it turns out between new the Seagate customer base and the Samsung customer base, particularly in the channel. They have some very unique access points to markets that we think we can learn a lot from.
Steve Luczo: No, it's a fixed share volume that we based on the negotiated transaction volume of 1.375, but it has a 30-day average on the calculation on these shares. So that share count is now fixed.
Steve Luczo: I think with respect to the second one, no, we don't anticipate regulatory problems. We'll be working with the regulatory agencies in all of relevant jurisdictions to get the transaction approved as constructed, and we're confident that we can do that. I think in terms of margins going forward, I think the important thing about the industry consolidation is, honestly, is more about creating business models that can fund new technology going forward that our customers need. I think as a result of a lot of issues, the demand for storage is accelerating. The petabyte growth is very strong and really has been over the last six to eight quarters, even in an economy that, for the most part, has been pretty lackluster.  The petabyte growth, the shift by the drive industry has grown at a very high rates, higher than historical rates. And this is against a backdrop of an areal density curve that is actually slowing, where that person in the S curve, where basically the technology gains we can get out of the current levels of technology are getting more and more difficult.  So that means in order to address that pipeline growth, either a lot more investment has to go into the fundamental technology to accelerate our areal density. And if that can't be achieved with the current level, the current generation of technology, then the only way that you can really provide that storage required is with more heads and disks, which of course is a big capital budget to it. So I think the consolidation is really reflective of the needs of the industry to make new investments in capital and technology to continue to provide these devices that are in such huge demand. And, oh by the way, the demand is probably accelerating as a result of all these wonderful viewing devices that basically are putting very rich content in front of people and therefore, that content, which is very rich in terms of its density, has to be stored in that storage. It has to be on rotating discharge because of the cost and the density of that technology.  So even though that end viewing device may or may not have a disk drive on it, everything that's up and down the food chain to pump it through that little beautiful window needs to be stored in that magnetic rotating disk somewhere. All that being said, the ability, commercial deployment, enterprise computing in Asia, this is a big demand for what we do and how we continue to deliver it in a way that allows our customers, whether they're not consumers or enterprise or system integrators, they do that as competitively as they had for the last 30 years. And I think it's more about stability of a business model so you can make those investments as opposed to necessarily a gross margin structure changing or increasing.
Steve Luczo: And I think we're just going to take one more question now because we're, I think we're getting close to market opening, If I'm not mistaken.
Steve Luczo: I don't think there will be any big changes. And again, I think Seagate has a strong relationship with many of the same suppliers that Samsung does. And it's our expectation that we can both actually strengthen those relationships as result of this transaction. So I don't think that there's going to be any fundamental change in our long-term strategy. Dave, you want to add anything to that? Shanelle, sorry, I meant we can take one more. Looks like we have just a few minutes here.
Steve Luczo: Once the transaction closes, we will have capacity that is coming over from Samsung. And we would certainly intend on utilizing that. And I think, the message should have been not that our capital budget is going to change, but as a percentage of revenue, we'll still expect that to be in the 6% to 8% range. The Samsung operations have been very capital efficient, so there's an advantage to us in terms of not having take on a lot of capital that's expensive or depreciated or not depreciated. It's a very capital-light model that they have to produce anything that they produce. We'll be able to leverage that, obviously, over time, absorb it into an integrated manufacturing organization. And overall, I think we can still hold capital budgets of 6% to 8%.
Steve Luczo: We're not going to talk to specific arrangements, but again we don't see any sudden changes to the relationships that Samsung have.
Steve Luczo: Okay, I'd really like to thank everyone. And I feel sorry that we had to shift the call at the last minute. But I'm sure you can understand. It's been a complex and moving transaction that we are pleased to conclude. And therefore announced part of the opening today, I want to thank all of the Seagate customers and suppliers and employees, in particular, for their effort over the last quarter. And we look forward to speaking to you again next quarter. Thanks very much.
Patrick O’Malley: Yes. The only thing I'd add is today we're $2.9 billion. We also have structured debt due in October. With this transaction, we're comfortable with both coming off the balance sheet, but we're also very comfortable with the level of debt we have today.
Patrick O’Malley: You're absolutely right, Steve. We're leveraging through the structure they had, we certainly scale with our own components, further scale with their own components. And as Steve said, one of the very asset light business would fit in very well with our strategy that we can leverage more and their operating expenditures we certainly could lever that. So we see many vectors of leverage in this. A very well known structure that within the first full year, it strikes us to be meaningfully accretive.
Patrick O’Malley: I hear you, Steve. I mean, we've been focused about the new products, and that's what's going to drive it for us. These other ancillary items are, as Steve said, maybe opportunistically. But this year is all about driving the product transitions and how to sustain ability to hold the gross margins higher. So that's number one. And these other opportunities, as Dave and Steve echoed, we are positioned to take advantage of them. But it is going to be volatile, so we want to be flexible on that. So I think we're still just focused on driving a cost structure for the new products that will maintain it for a period of time.
Patrick O’Malley: At this stage, we would not certainly move away from it. Obviously, they don't have the enterprise business. But what we think we can pick up scale and drive cost savings, we would, at this point, not move away from that. We'll continue to evolve that story, but our intention is to drive and keep our target margin at 22% to 26%.
Patrick O’Malley: Yes, I'll take that. Yes, they're going down, as much as we feel very comfortable where we're at in April, Steve and Dave talked about the volatility of this. I mean what we're – we’re modeling is for an historical June quarter. We certainly think there's potential upside to that, but given the nature of the supply-chain, where it's been impacted, we're just modeling for the lack of any other reason, just for historical, given the dynamics and the whole business model for that. So it has to be modeled down because of the approach we're taken to the forecast.
William Mosley: We're not anticipating any significant replenishment. We finished below our targeted four weeks. But from our perspective, things were -- in the channel were lower than what we expected. But a lot of that was the strength of the last five or six weeks of the quarter, so I think it's really hard to forward forecast given all the disruptions we talked about.
William Mosley: Yes, Katy, I think you said it. You talked about the earthquake and tsunami as the trigger. I think that's probably not the right way to characterize it. We believe the demand in March was pure demand, real demand, and it's actually extended somewhat into April. And so the staging and the width of the raw materials is all about staging for that early month 1 demand. I think there'll still be the volatility all the way out through June. And that's the thing that we made reference to before relative to the supply-chain disruption.
William Mosley: Yes, just relative to the linearity January, February fairly slow. And that followed a December that was fairly slow as well. The March was strong. And again, I believe, and I talked about this earlier relative to the distribution channel, it was fairly broad-based demand. I think that the OEM band distribution was fairly well represented in March. And I think some of that strengths continued into April as there were a number of supply disruptions, I think, even earlier in January, the various chains that have caused people to pull back a little bit in January and February.
Benjamin Reitzes - Barclays Capital: Steve, can you talk a little bit more about Samsung's earnings potential? I mean, you're saying it's accretive. It could be meaningfully accretive, any numbers around that. And in particular, what are Samsung's gross margins? And then I have a follow-up.
Benjamin Reitzes - Barclays Capital: In terms of gross margins, going forward, I think it's pretty well known that they're not -- given their lack of enterprise exposure, etc., it'll be meaningfully below where you're at now. And so with lower gross margins, we still get you at least in the beginning, we get you meaningfully accretive.
Benjamin Reitzes - Barclays Capital: Got it. That's helpful. Thanks. Then just a little bit more on pricing, can you talk about, on the industry with regard to the quarter in your guidance, Steve and Pat, what happened with pricing towards the end of the quarter? It sounds like there was surge in business. It sounds like distributors, especially looking for product in cases of shortage. And can you talk about what pricing does specifically and how you see pricing in the June quarter? That would be great.
