Stephen Luczo: So, on the pricing, like you said, is benign. We haven’t gotten into any specifics of what that is but it was below historical rates and that’s what we expect to be the operating model going forward as long as supply demand stays relatively in check. The mix was a positive element for the quarter. The business-critical near line drives clearly, forward growth segment for us and that helped the mix. But, all-in-all, it played out as much. Now, for the next quarter, we have a still benign pricing. We don’t have excessive pricing there by any stretch of imagination. It is a very benign but the mix is probably somewhat offset due to seasonality.
Stephen Luczo: In the notebook space, we definitely felt that there was opportunity and the need to increase pricing marginally and we did do that and that pricing has held so far.
Stephen Luczo: Okay. A couple of things, I think one is as you TAM expansion in the back half of the year. From a capacity perspective, the industry is kind of bumping up against its limit. I'll turn it over to Dave Mosley in a second to talk on that, but if we do have TAM growth that I think is actually more related to macroeconomic conditions and also I think to some of the new product offerings by the OEMs and the client. We are pretty excited about some of the things that we see in the notebook space, for example. Then I think, the other big trend is just a shift to the cloud. If the cloud continues to build out and it's our belief that we are going to see a fairly dramatic acceleration in that exiting this year and going into the next calendar year, given the number of heads in this that get absorbed into that product area, I think there is going to be some pretty tight supply situations in the back half of the year and we have already been signaling to our customers that the current pricing to me even look favorable relative to the last half of the year, because I think we could start seeing some constraints in near line even exiting this quarter. I'll let Dave talk to some of the math behind.
Stephen Luczo: Yes, relative to areal density transition one terabyte a platter, We still have some of the 500 gigabyte per platter technology around but its more of a convenience thing for us. I think we could transition if we wanted to. So I consider that transition complete. Certainly, one, two, three terabytes and on up, that’s all on that new product family.
Stephen Luczo: On the [comp] situation, we continue work with the regulatory agency. They are in, as we said before, we do it as constructed relationship and we don't have any current thinking about when that relationship is going to it's personal direction, but we think it's been a positive relationship as we (Inaudible).
Stephen Luczo: That's really some interesting question. It does, but I think the lack of visibility overall is, in my mind, fairly just a function, what I will call macroeconomic conditions. I think maybe more exclusively deficit related issues that there's still as hesitancy I think certainly among multinationals they kind of extend too far off, so some of the structural issues around spending are understood a little better. That being said, inside of the cloud build out area, I actually think the lack of visibility is one where what we are seeing is probably going to be below what really gets rolled out. There's been kind of a bit of an uptick in the cloud build outs and build out have been consistently growing for a while, but it is certainly our sense from engaging with either our OEM customers or directly to the companies that are doing the cloud build outs directly that we maybe within 12 months of some your step function changes that build out has guys for the company starts go global and their footprint, starts recognizing some of the issues around bandwidth as well as some of the issues around in-country storage requirement. So, the kind of the scalable of that infrastructure I think is potentially going to be bigger than what maybe people thought just six months ago.
Stephen Luczo: Yes. That's just, but to Dave's point it also probably have those products mispriced right now, because the capacity issues around it from heads in disk absorption as well as other factors such in the past are dramatically different. That's just a different economics for us, so we are watching it closely.
Stephen Luczo: I think the first question is interesting. Obviously just our hard drives will not, but the desktop 3.5-inch drive doing the tune up and currently just don't go. They don't just go into PC. There's other lots of devices that they go into including data devices and one thing I think that we have seen from our market research is that you with the increase of tablets and smart phones, if you will, the attach rate of data devices has gone up pretty dramatically in some market segments increased from like 20% attach rates to 50% attach rate, so part of it may be that. But with respect to the question, we don't see any issues in inventory and whether or not that's what we can see inside the hubs, or clearly in the channel, channel inventory has been really flat for last several quarters actually certain measure probably got lower in the March quarter and we manage our hub inventory really closely. Again, I am a little suspect of the data, Rob, in terms of when people cite, PC shipments being down. Are they talking about individual companies or what ODMs are saying because it is also shipped between what the PC manufacturers are doing in terms the mix of internal builds versus ODM builds. You could see it could be said it’s the ODM level but that’s doesn’t necessarily a one-for-one relationship to what the PC industry is shipping. So I think there is more work to be done by everyone in terms of this kind of disconnect and we are certainly working with all the industry analysts and trying to resolve it but we certainly don’t see any inventory buildups. In terms of back half of the year, again, I think it is, to mo, it is going to be more influenced probably by macroeconomic issues but the macro situations stays the same where it gets better, they yes, I do think the back half of the year shows that we are going to rollout today. 140 isn't a whole lot higher than 137 so I might saying numbers slightly above that but we just have to wait and see what happens. The industry is well geared right now to operate very efficiently between 130 million and 150 million units by just targeting the low-end and chasing the upside. That’s the smart thing for the industry to do. So I am not worried about it breaking out away from us other than to Dave's point that if it breaks above probably 150 million or 155 million units and there is a mix shift, the industry is going to tapped out of exabyte capacity and there is no way to address that in short-term.
Stephen Luczo: So, on the capital returns, obviously, we have a dividend payment in place and we are certainly committed to that. So that will be part of the return to shareholders, now and in the future. Of course , the one item we said to go on a 250 million shares, you could model that anyway you want. It is going to be somewhat lumpy as we go through some of our (inaudible) issues but we are committed to the deployment of that capital. So you can certainly put those two numbers in and see the level of cash that is going to be returned to shareholders and then clearly our business could support that level. So you are back in that way.
Stephen Luczo: I would say it's as much price positioning, Keith. I mean, we went in there as stated in my comments, we are fairly benign on the pr and certain capacity points we are just not willing to move to market. So that’s clearly one aspect of it. I do not think it necessarily has anything to do with the portfolio or attribute anything to our position going forward but probably the largest driver of that was price position both in the channel and in the OEMs.
Stephen Luczo: On an absolute basis, there will be some decent growth on hybrid but as a percentage of what we ship it will still be pretty small. I would say, in terms of tablet, you could go from zero to hundreds of thousands or maybe a bigger number by the end of the year which is big numbers but obviously on a percentage basis, they are tiny. I think the more significant thing is that once the penetration starts then you decide what type of curve you wanted to draw if you are at least getting into a marketplace that, I have been told that moment we weren’t participating and that’s what we are more excited about.
Stephen Luczo: I think you have to look at the notebook systems today how many of them are flash based. The umber is, flash based notebooks are 10% or less.
Stephen Luczo: Good, great and well, just on behalf of the management team and I want to thank you for joining us today. We look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Dave Mosley: Yes. To the comments that Steve made earlier, the industry is relatively constrained, say roughly 500 exabytes of capacity and you will put capital online sparingly as we talked about earlier, but the growth of the cloud primarily continues to drive a lot of capacity into the industry and so as we see that we talked about the areal density growth, our ability to deliver that capacity relative to the sheer capacity growth. I think those are the two vectors that the demerging. And as we look to invest in the future I think we make sure we see the requisite and return on capital that, but trend definitely old that areal density is not growing nearly the rate as the capacity growth is and that's ultimately [constraint].
Dave Mosley: Continued dividend as stated and buyback shares within the limitations that we have today on that would change for any reason, we certainly modify that, but as Steve and I commented, we are still good for the 2014 to 250 million shares.
Dave Mosley: We feel that we are, overall, at least equal to what the standard enterprise share is against our competition and in some cases in a preferred position.
Dave Mosley: Slightly higher than that. Certainly, as Steve said as business evolves you get some TAM upside and we think this is going to more and more, we certainly believe our cash flow should be at least that and grow.
Rocky Pimentel: I think with that, Stephen and Dave talk about some of our emerging form factor and product solutions on the clients' side over the second half of the year and you look at the total TAM between classic PC desktop and the tablet, you have got 80 million to 85 million units a quarter on the classic PC notebook desktop side and then you have another 40 million to 45 million tablets, you have a total market of like 130 million to 140 million devices. I think based on the product platforms, we will see over the next six to months usually serviceable simple market is probably is north of 100 million units which is a positive because we have been dealing with a serviceable market that’s been 80 million units. So it certainly has to be proven but I think we are optimistic about the opportunity to extend or expand the service that’s obtained on the clients' side.
Rocky Pimentel: The marketing people really hate it when I do product announcements on earnings call. That being said, as you point out we show that we were up to back in September, we continued along with a great deal of positive momentum on our product offering. I expected that you will see something in the not too distant future about our product positioning and what the engagement has been like at the customer level.
Rocky Pimentel: No, I think right now they are for different devices like we were just saying in the prior question. Five millimeter, to me, ultimately at least initially is, it could go into thin and light as seven millimeter could go into a thin and light and especially if you are just doing a new seven millimeter, you have a lot of capacity opportunities. I think that’s the bigger play for hybrid as well basically. Five millimeter, I think, initially is probably going to be targeted more towards, we think it is a tablet market today and there, whether or not you need a flash based device or not is a function of algorithms in hybrid. Seagate's fairly well advanced in our hybrid algorithm. So we have the capacity to leverage off of the flash in the system but I think ultimately again, as I think of what that product path looks like a couple or three years out. It just really going to be a function of capacity. There is no scenario that we think off that says get two disk in the five millimeter. So you are going to limit yourself to 500 gigs or 750 or whatever the point after that was for seven millimeter and of course you are going to have to accept that and there will be plenty of need for that amount of storage on portable computing devices. So I think they are separate markets and they both are going to be picked by (inaudible).
Rocky Pimentel: Again, I don’t know what other demand data points you are referencing exactly but if you are asking me, do we see demand increases from cloud service providers? The answer is, of course. One will know architectural features that the cloud service providers are pursuing are architectures that allow them to buy drives directly and put their own software on top of that as opposed to buying that software stack from someone else. So we believe that’s the beginning of a trend that’s probably going to sustain for many, many years.
Patrick Connolly: Sure. On the interest, you just take the $5 billion out of that. It's a simple number. Just take that some level as you are taking that down, but it's going to be relative to all big numbers are going to be still relatively flat there's just a tranche of that was a smaller tranche of that, but was significant tranche on getting the security out. So, that's all I do there. Tax rate, it is variable somewhat. I [stock] use $15 million to $20 million as opposed to tax rate crazy tranche and tax rate I think that's fair, and I would use the share count where we had this quarter and relatively flat for next quarter given what level share we will be buying.
Patrick Connolly: It's much more than mix driven than anything else. The cost structure, whether from input cost to the factory end delivery was relatively flat and somewhat better, so it was primarily driven through the mix.
Patrick Connolly: Yes. I think on the mission-critical or on the enterprise class drives, there was again some unique advantage that we had in product that we took advantage of and then on the [CE] it was strong in winning more market share at some of the CE customers that we underserved in the last several quarters et cetera. So, I think those were probably the two key changes in and what you in those lines of product.
