Stephen J. Luczo: I think our estimates have been anywhere from, if I go back to October for the March, June, September, December 2012 quarters, anywhere from 140 million in March to 160 million in June to 180 million in September and 180 million to 190 million in December. I think when we had our call in January, the reason we were probably a little under the 140 million was that when we looked at the build rates for the first 3 weeks of January, it was extremely low. And we weren't -- it wasn't clear to us if the industry would be able to ramp to the 140 million or 140 million-plus that were shipped. And I think a lot of that was done by continuing mix down, which is done of course while addressing unit shortfall, which is good in terms of getting drives into our customers' hands, so we can keep demand overall strong. It's obviously addressing this exabyte shortage that we're focused on as well.
Stephen J. Luczo: Well, I think, clearly, by virtue of what we said today, we've indicated a strengthening of our position of what we think is going to happen through calendar 2012 relative to what we thought in January, both with respect to the June quarter margins, as well as exiting calendar year 2012. I think in terms of being in a better position at the Analyst Day to talk about the longer-term business model, absolutely, I think that we'll be in a position to do that by then, if not adding more color on the June quarter call.
Stephen J. Luczo: Right. Well, I guess I want to challenge that we guided down, we actually guided up relative to what we said in January. What we said in January is that we thought that the June quarter would be basically a minimum equal to what we guided in March, which was 33%, we're saying 34.5% now. Our performance in the March quarter was benefited by some really outstanding operational execution and we certainly hope to deliver on that in the June quarter as well. And if we do, then we will obviously outperform our plan of at least 34.5%. I think to your question of this is like, do you say potato, do I say potato, are margins going up, are margins going down? I think the things that are putting pressure on margins would be for us, as we continue to mix up our notebook product, and a lot of it is what we acquired from Samsung. Obviously, the notebook product pricing, so from an AUP perspective is lower than average. And then margins, we don't really talk about margins by products or markets. I'm not going to do that here. But there's also this issue that I try to point out between distribution and then the OEM distribution mix. So clearly, with the OE -- with the distribution price premium being significantly higher than historical norm right now, to the extent that distribution regains more of that white box share, then that would benefit our margins. To the extent that the OEMs continue to take share there, then that would obviously result in lower margins and we have our own view on how that all plays out, which is highly competitive. But when it's all said and done, that's how we get to our gross margin guidance. I think the other big thing, is what you hit, is we're working through some product transitions here that are pretty significant. We've really transitioned the entire portfolio over the last 6 months, which again, I think is a real statement of the company's performance operationally to not only were we chasing a supply chain that was severely disrupted but we actually were transitioning probably with the hardest technical transitions that the industry has gone through. And as we do that, as you know, that allows us to obviously have margin relief. And so as we mix up in either capacity or as we mix to the newer products and then as yields grow on those products, that would obviously benefit margins. So you got all the triggers of net-net, which ones influence the margins, which way, and our modeling basically results in the guidance that we gave.
Stephen J. Luczo: Well that's a discussion that we had at the board level. But I think we've been pretty consistent in what we've said, that we believe that a combination of buyback and dividend payment is an appropriate thing to do in terms of returning value to the shareholders. And I think we've also said that we think the concept of a payout ratio is one that makes sense. So by that sense, you're right. As we reduced our share count, it gives us more flexibility to increase the dividend. And that will be a discussion topic for the board to consider.
Stephen J. Luczo: Well, I think you're just taking a statement that we were trying to make in terms of the operational efficiency of the company and extending it through the entire quarter. So I think the point was, as we recovered in the March quarter, obviously our production was skewed. And at the end of the quarter, we were able to reach those kinds of efficiencies. We balance the supply with the demand, so we've already told you what we think the TAM is and what we think our market share is. So we'll be targeting our production and make sure supply and demand is in balance, not trying to optimize as many drives per second as we can.
Stephen J. Luczo: I think what I said was that we believe there'd be a minimum of 185 million units and we tend to look to the industry analysts who are in the business of providing TAM estimates. We're one input to that, we obviously watch it very closely. But given some of the trends that we talked about in terms of cloud-based computing, the proliferation of a variety of mobile devices that drive storage up and down the device food chain, as well as Win 8 and thin and light, that we believe that a minimum of 185 million unit TAM is achievable for December. I think the industry analysts, frankly, are probably a bit above that. In terms of the drive industry's ability to respond to that, there's the drive companies and then there's the drive industry, and I'll let Dave talk to it. I think that's probably pushing the limit, but I'll let Dave talk to that in terms of what the industry can support.
Stephen J. Luczo: Well, I think we already commented on pricing, Rich. I mean, pricing is effectively done for the LTA customers for the June quarter. And as Pat just indicated, there's been little change to no change in pricing overall. I would say that the behavior through the quarter is there's been a lot of continued chasing of demand, even in those 2 segments. What we've noticed is the LTA customers seem to be taking share and what's really interesting is the LTA customers with the longer-term LTAs seem to be even taking more share. And that may be a function of their ability to do some longer-range planning knowing that they have the supply available, particularly in some of these product categories where Seagate is a sole supplier and is likely to be a sole supplier for anywhere up to 12 to 18 months. So I'd say, in general, as notebook came into balance, the pricing has remained fairly stable and certainly, the same thing in mission-critical business grew [ph]. And I think pricing is really a function of an industry that has a lot of capital to recover, probably at least a couple of billion dollars have to be reabsorbed into the industry, and the supply chain is still not functioning anywhere near where we need it to be functioning, and that's our job through the rest of this year as an industry, is to be able to more closely align supply and demand with our customers' needs.
Stephen J. Luczo: Rich, just on the pricing thing, back, I'm not sure that you caught the point on, first of all, the LTA pricing is below the company's average. The LTA customers are benefiting from our ability to line up our factories efficiently to meet the demand they're putting in front of us on a scheduled basis, which means then we can obviously deliver some of that cost savings to them. It's evidenced by a lower price to them. In addition, you need to recognize that we're overshipping the industry average capacity by 15%. So when you take the overall AUP deltas, either on average or if you then even apply it to the LTA customer, and then also take into effect the capacity difference, I mean, there is a very substantial savings to the LTA customer right now in terms of the pricing they're receiving.
Stephen J. Luczo: Well, again, I don't want to talk too specifically about customers. I already made a comment about customers sets [ph], where we do believe that the OEMs are at least in this environment, taking share probably from the white box companies. So we did see that as an improvement in the quarter, Katy, because I don't think we had planned aggressively for it at the beginning of the quarter. And I think as the quarter evolves and they're gaining more confidence that, that may be a more sustainable share shift, then, yes, we do see strength there and that's one of the reasons I think that even for some of our products like in the notebook segment, we were continuing to chase demand for LTA customers through the quarter. And that's why I was saying in the scripted part of the call, that depending on how that plays out in the near term and long term, it may be kind of a structural shift that -- in our customer base that we'll have to adjust to.
Stephen J. Luczo: No, I think absolutely it's a growth market. I mean the enterprise -- the strain on the enterprise numbers, regardless of how you split it between mission-critical and business-critical, which gets in the probably [ph] more art than science at this point. That's where all the petabyte growth is and whether or not it is private or public clouds to changing infrastructure that is back-end storage weighted. And as long as bandwidth keeps opening up, that's the architectural shift that's probably going to occur. So I think there's absolutely big growth and whether or not it's some sliver or Tier 0, that's SSD or bigger piece of Tier 0 that's hybrid or the rest of it, which is 95% of it, which is going to be rotating mass storage. That's just the big petabyte growth requirement that we're going to be chasing hard as an industry. In the enterprise, those numbers are probably in the 40% to 50% annual growth rates and their density growth, as you know, is half that. So that's a big puzzle for the industry to solve. And therefore, I think the demand requirements in the supply demand and balance is going to be something we're chasing for a while.
Stephen J. Luczo: Well, it's hard for us to say because we're uniquely positioned there with a couple of products that are in very high demand that I mentioned, we're sole supplier on and just, architecturally, we will be for a good period of time. So there's a lot of growth in the cloud in the near-line business-critical space in general and then for our products in particular. So we're going to be running hard to meet that demand, I think, certainly through the year.
Stephen J. Luczo: Yes, I mean, absolutely. We've done a lot to support the supply base in different forms that some of which have hit the gross margin line as you indicate. And yes, I mean, this is back to the point, this is a structural change and so we believe that will be structurally in place. This is how our industry supply-chain recovers and there's going to be costs that get capitalized throughout the supply chain that's going to be have to be absorbed by us and our Downstream customers. And that's the reality of a structural change. I don't know Dave, if you want to add anything else.
Stephen J. Luczo: I guess I'm not understanding the question, Joe. We just said we raised our minimum guidance from 33% to 34.5%.
Stephen J. Luczo: We don't disclose what our long-term plans are with respect to internal heads and media, other than the high-level numbers that we give, Mark. As you know that today, those are heads that are supplied by TDK, you're right. I think you're also aware that we have a pretty significant partnership with TDK going forward and we expect to continue that. So all of that is taken into consideration. But I think the point more about Samsung was, is that overall, notebook margins are probably not the highest margin business that the carry, so to the extent that we increase our relative exposure there, that could put pressure on margins.
Stephen J. Luczo: I think it's hard to say because it was so back-end skewed. The channel is kind of like the last customer base, if you will, to kind of get a flow of drive certainly from Seagate as we supported our LTA customers. And again, I think there's also this issue around, how much of the channel business is being fulfilled by the systems vendor. So it's not really a comment on the health of our channel partners because they're fine. They can either take drives and motherboards and sell them to white box companies or they can ship whole systems and there might be an argument that says they actually like shipping whole systems better. I think with the price deltas at the component level that we've seen going into the channel, that's provided an opportunity for the OEMs, and especially for the OEMs that have had supply visibility through the LTAs to gain share. How that plays out, I think, is a good question and we're just going to have to watch it. That's one of the issues around, if you will, supply in the channel. So we're watching it very closely and to the extent that we feel that the channel isn't moving the product, then we'll probably see that in the OEM side, because clearly, at the end of the day, all those bars and systems integrators need disk drives.
Stephen J. Luczo: I think in terms of thin and light, that we do believe that obviously is kind of a next generation of the notebook the next incarnation of the notebook. And we believe it's going to be a very successful form factor of product. And hybrid probably plays a very big role there and when that happens is clearly a function of when you can get MLC flash working in those products. Because then you're at a cost difference that's pretty compelling in terms of versus an SSD and the performance differential being negligible. And when does that happen, I think it starts happening at the end of this year, but in terms of volume shipments and adaptation, I think you're looking at calendar 2013.
Stephen J. Luczo: So there were different volume commitments by Seagate to different OEMs, which represented different percentages of what that OEM buys. So you're talking about percentages and absolute numbers here. So in some cases, we could have had a lower percentage but a bigger absolute number than this other guy that had a higher percentage, but a lower absolute number, right, depending on how big that customer was. The question is, have we seen general increase in demand by those LTA customers? And the answer is, yes. Has that been relatively stronger with certain customers than others? And the answer is, yes.
Stephen J. Luczo: Well, I don't know if it's getting too cute. I think it's just we're advancing those technologies as fast as we can right now. We weren't R&D expense or capital limited prior to this to driving that technology as fast as the technology will allow it to be driven. So we're still on that pace. I think the different question might be is there other technologies maybe not related to HDDs that we're looking at? That's a different question. But with respect to HDD technologies, it hasn't really changed the pace or the amount of investment that we're putting into our core underlying technologies or into our product development.
Stephen J. Luczo: Well, I think it's tough, especially if the TAM plays out to the 185 million going to 200 million in the next year, let's call it. That's 20% of that number is a long way away from where they're at today, which is a fairly substantial capital investment, which it's not clear that the parent companies' choices are going to be optimized around disk drive given all the other pressures that the Toshiba Corporation has relative to its competitive footprint on its real business. That being said, I think Toshiba is a very tough competitor. They do very well with certain products and we expect that they're going to continue to be a relevant player in the tune of 14% to 16% market share, which is still a nice business. But I think it's a little hard to see where the capital would come from to grow it to the numbers you're talking about. That would be 40 million units a quarter. That's a long way from home. All right. Thanks, everyone. I just wanted to comment that the company's performance during this unprecedented time has really put us on a course for continuing success and I really want to thank our employees and our customers, our partners and especially, our suppliers, as they work with us to recover, for their continued hard work and perseverance. We look forward to updating you on our longer-term strategic plan at our Analyst and Investor Meeting on September 21. Thanks a lot everyone.
William David Mosley: Really gets into the specifics of which products we're talking about. So different markets, different products have many different dynamics. I think, like Steve alluded to, the box count has gone up but the average gigabyte per drive in the industry went down appreciably as a function of this mix down to basically chase that because there was such a dearth of total HDDs in the past 6 months. Now going forward, the question is does that dynamic continue to -- at those low capacity points, if you will? Or do we start to grow up the value chain for more capacity in those sort of boxes? And then obviously with the cloud growing, those are high-capacity drives as well. So I think we'll be mixing up our components available to be able to do that. I, personally, just knowing the supply chain the way I do, I don't feel that numbers that are much more than that are really capable -- the industry is really capable of. There are a number of components still have yet to recover as a function of the flood.
William David Mosley: Rich, this is Dave. I think we'll do pretty well at the levels that were at, low end of the range we said 6% to 8%. That will be at the low end of the range. Until we really see a big pop in the TAM, and I think everybody's fairly conservative relative to that macroeconomically. We are through the bulk of this product transition that we talked about. So most of the technology transition, capital that we have to put in place is already in place. There will be some of what you referenced but it's more of that kind of run rate level that we're at right now. And we'll spend as we see the need for it within the lead time, but nothing major to take us up to the high end of the range, certainly.
William David Mosley: Steven, this is Dave. I'll handle the new product yields first. Actually, we made appreciable progress in the last 6 months. While some of the time was, I'll say, slow time in manufacturing because of the flood, the new product yields improved quite substantially. I'm not happy. I'm never going to be totally happy with them but they're way ahead of plan right now and that's flowing through our numbers quite a bit. Are we done yet? There's a couple of product transitions that I think we still have yet to finish but I'd say, like we talked about last quarter, mission-critical, business-critical, those are the product transitions are complete now. The desktop transition is largely complete and we'll balance that as time goes on. And then notebook products are still in the process of transitioning. The notebook yields, though, I'm very happy with the progress we've made last quarter. So mix aside, I think in these products we're doing well.
William David Mosley: Always, yes. I certainly think so. I mean, we still are not at some of the historical levels that I want to be at on some of these new products so there's work to do.
William David Mosley: I'll just say that the suppliers, in general, have done a nice job of trying to recover the volumes as well, which helps them quite a bit as they're pulling that structure back together as well.
Patrick J. O’Malley: This is Pat. We've gone through negotiations. Generally, we've indicated that prices are going to be relatively flat. But as Steve said, as the channel moves, we'll be competitive there. We're still very competitive. But if you look at historical rates, Keith, I'll just say benign is below that. So that's how we should look at it.
Patrick J. O’Malley: As of today, Rich, we authorized an additional $1 billion in the last quarter. With that -- we have made the announcement. We've just now entered into that phase. So we have $1 billion left of all authorizations in front of us. And as Steve suggested about the capital structure, we have ongoing discussions every quarter with the board and they'll continue to look at that on what the appropriate authorizations are to get us to 350 million...
Patrick J. O’Malley: As Steve alluded to about the January, when we looked at January production and as Dave talked about how we got much more operationally efficient, it was a great quarter from that aspect, but as you can imagine with that, we delivered a lot of product towards the end just because that's when it was coming online. So a lot of this was driven from linearity, not really Ts and Cs or anything like that. So I'd certainly target as we go through our growth curve, to get back to steady-state, that would be sub-50 and closer to historical, about 48 days. So I would expect to get those days working capital back, but this as a function of linearity and sort of the growth projection we had throughout the quarter.
Patrick J. O’Malley: I think that's what we'd target to. I mean, June's always a fun quarter. But I think, as Dave's run the factory as it is [ph], I think we certain -- should target under 50 because it's running much more linear this quarter than it was last quarter.
Patrick J. O’Malley: Yes, absolutely. I mean, right now, as you can imagine it, we're growing through the -- from going from 40 million units, to plus 60 to plus 70, we're chewing up working capital going there. But that's -- once it gets into, as Steve talked, as TAM stabilizes, our share stabilizes, we can run a fairly stable model.
Patrick J. O’Malley: Well, we target 350 million by the year end, if you want to do a linear basis, you can certainly model for that. That's probably the best way. I'm not looking to super time market. We have a plan in place, a structured plan, and we've been pretty regular about those purchases. So that would be the way I'd model it. Sometimes you might see a little different, but it's modeling a linear base is probably the fairest way.
Patrick J. O’Malley: On the OpEx, I think, actually we've leveraged it fairly well. We take a very minimal expense with the Samsung team and add that revenue fairly effectively. So at that $400 million level, I wouldn't say that's a high watermark, but we'll certainly target that model over the coming months to probably a year. And so there's some leverage capabilities in there but I think we've done a pretty good job in there. So we're not really looking to tune that up and shed anything significantly. In fact, we'd probably look at areas that we might need to make more investment but I think we could fit in that range of that $400 million. So I don't think that's anything that we're looking to take a big step function down.
Patrick J. O’Malley: No, we haven't but we just characterize the vast majority of our top customers, which you would think of large OEMs. But that's how we'd characterize it and I think that's probably the best way to think about it.
Joe Yoo: I guess more specifically, I'm just looking at the guidance and obviously, you want to provide a range, a pretty wide range, but just taking really the conservative route and going to 34.5%, a lot of what Steve has mentioned is actually positive. We could make a good case that gross margins could actually expand sequentially. So I'm trying to get a handle on what...
Joe Yoo: I understand that and that's well taken. It's just that you posted 37.5% and you're saying at least 34.5% but as you know, a lot of people will just interpret that as 34.5%.
Joe Yoo: Fair enough. The other question's on share repo, to Pat, I wanted to get a sense of what -- how you see the pace of share repo for the next 3 quarters. Obviously, you bought a lot more than the normal pace in the first quarter -- first calendar quarter. So just get a gauge of how you plan to pace for the next 3 quarters.
