Dave Mosley: Thanks, Gianluca. In summary, Seagate is consistently delivering solid performance and advancing our key business initiatives. We're generating sustainable cash flow and directing capital towards areas that provide the greatest return for all of our stakeholders. We are successfully scaling exabyte capacity and executing the Company's fastest ever production ramp on a nearline drive at 16 terabytes. We are on track to introduce HAMR and MACH.2 dual-actuator technologies to drive areal density and scale performance with capacity to deliver lower total cost of ownership to our customers over the next decade. While we are mindful of global macro uncertainties and the recent industry dynamics, we remain focused on delivering value for all of our stakeholders by executing our technology road map and optimizing profitability, and free cash flow. We continue to expect revenue and profitability to grow in fiscal 2020, with the second half projected to be somewhat stronger than the first supported by our 16 terabyte ramp and improving mass capacity storage demand. Through our ongoing execution, leading technology roadmap and deep customer relationships, Seagate is well positioned to capitalize on the significant opportunities in mass capacity storage. Before opening the call for questions, I would like to take a moment to thank our customers, suppliers, business partners and employees for their contributions to the ongoing success of our business. Gianluca and I will now take your questions.
Dave Mosley: Yes, Thanks, Karl. I think, to simply put, the demand is increasing in nearline and we also see that the 16-terabyte is last with customers and so we have fairly good relationships, predictably getting into their architectures. I think we feel pretty comfortable that we'll be able to hit this volume ramp. I can't really speak to what other people might do on their capacity points, but being that, that's a leading exabyte point that's right in front of us. And probably, through significant portion of the next calendar year as well, we feel pretty strong.
Dave Mosley: They certainly can. I'll let Gianluca elaborate on the impact of the ramp costs that he mentioned in the script. But first just let me say that in our business, to your point, gross margin is a function of supply and demand, very specific to the demand for the products that you have. And for the last few quarters, exabyte demand was relatively weak. I mean, if I go back three quarters ago, we sense this was happening. We made conscious decision to throttle bills, manage cash, inventory, really carefully. And also start converting production to the new platforms. By the way, the new platforms are not just the 16-terabyte, but we have continued to ramp a various cost reductions for other products across the portfolio. So demand is definitely picking up. That's why -- one of the reasons why we're confident. The strength of the demand will go through the back half of this fiscal year, I think and potentially even further than that. So we feel like calendar year 2020 is very -- is a lot stronger than calendar 2019. And with the new products, I'm confident we'll get into that opex[Phonetic] model range that we talked about. Quite quickly, that's why Gianluca mentioned that we'd be above the midpoint of our long-term operating range in Q2 than what we drive it. To you point, I think gross margins will rise with all of those dynamics, and Gianluca, I'll let him elaborate here.
Dave Mosley: And I think, one other point we'd make is that -- to your point, we have to make sure we make the investments. So we've been investing in capex for the heads and media that we need to stage for the exabyte growth. So Let's make sure we make those investments and get paid for those investments. So we're mindful of that over the long term as well.
Dave Mosley: Yes, Steven, that's exactly the right way to think about it. And it's not just one capacity point, which we all tend to fixate on, there's other cost refreshes as we talked about through the rest of the portfolio. So we feel pretty good about that strength going into next year.
Dave Mosley: It's a really interesting question. If I go back about a year to 18 months, the demand -- the box demand was actually higher. The exabytes have grown certainly in surveillance and some of the other mass capacity markets. But we started talking about three quarters ago about demand disruptions. And it's kind of interesting, the people want to focus that on just one local, but really that can be much more broadly based and it could have to do with people pulling stuff in, because they are speculative, maybe I think, they can gain share or something like that. So that demand has been disruptive for quite a while. The end demand -- the end market demand is strong for exabyte, and we believe it will continue to grow strongly next year. Exactly how we satisfy that demand is -- it is still a question. And what's interesting about some of the global markets is they're, really more what we call white brand markets. There is -- the people making the final buy decision out there is actually doing integration in a business or in a home or something like that. But it is a fairly small box size. We don't think that end demand is slowing down at all. As a matter of fact, we think it's growing.
Dave Mosley: I think -- I don't think ours fell too much. I mean we're still analyzing what just went up. But I don't think ours fell too much. I think Katy, what I would say is that, a few quarters ago demand was soft, and so therefore there may have been some behaviors like that. I think as we feel -- going forward, we feel very confident about where we are, and that's one of the reasons why we think we can get back to that gross margin range.
Dave Mosley: I would say that, it's still disturbed. And to your point, that's kind of what we discussed, not only last quarter but the quarter before, I think as well. There -- it's a Steven's question. Those disturbances are still present. I think we said something like that in the prepared remarks as well. I think that the end demand is still not strong. And I feel like calendar year 2020 will be better than calendar year 2019. We're certainly going into January quarter last year. We were signaling that we saw the softness. So the end demand is still there, I think, and it's just a matter of how do we exactly fulfill that end demand.
Dave Mosley: Yes, I think the exabyte capacity will go up very strongly over the next few quarters. I'll let Gianluca talk here in a second. But Aaron, the way I would say it is 16 terabytes of some of the driver for that. There is other products across the portfolio that are driving as well, the margin improvement. We think we've positioned things well. It's a subtle point but a lot of the capital positioning is actually in heads and media. So it's different than drive capacity if you will. So, -- and so we're really responding proactively to that exabyte growth, making sure we have the right products ramped and at good yields and everything when the demand gets bigger.
Dave Mosley: And over the very long -- you know that's long lead time capital as well. But over the very long haul, I think to one of the earlier questions. We need to make sure we have that capacity in place, because we do believe there'll be constraints.
Dave Mosley: I would characterize our engagement as very strong, and their problems -- depending on who they are, they're different, but their problems are very complex. So it's not a one size fits all the answer. And I think part of the issue that you might see with other companies that I won't speculate too much, but the issues you might see if you're qualified on one part of an architecture and also that architecture gets delayed for whatever reason, it could be impactful. I think, generally speaking, some componentry and hard drives are in there as well, tend to be fairly broad-based, although, for example, we may have an 8-terabyte drive qualified on one architectural point and that doesn't move as fast. So it's not like the entire fleet transitions at the same time. These customers have complex not only supply chains, but also problems sets themselves. And I'm speaking globally as well. As the bigger the world gets, the more -- there is some of these inherent inhibitions to transitions. They have to make sure that they test them against more complex set. So it's not surprising to me that from time to time that you can see one architecture affecting you. But I think most of the demand that we see is -- across exabytes broad based across architectures that -- what drives our confidence.
Dave Mosley: Yes, good question. Thanks. There will be seasonality in some of the legacy markets that we always talk about. But I think the exabyte demand in the mass capacity markets is strong. And there, obviously, dynamics in one quarter with Chinese New Year coming and then the quarter after that is the seasonally weakest quarter, but we think that there is such strength. That's why we're so confident in our back-half revenue numbers that I may have referenced here earlier. There is also a fairly large transition that will happen between people who would -- exactly to the earlier question, the people who were on 8s or 12s or 14s and made transition to the 16s, or 18s, sometime way next year. As all those transitions go up, the exabytes growth is very good. And so getting out substantially is our top priority.
Dave Mosley: We think we can support all the customer transitions that we need to without raising opex -- we can always trim if we had to, depending on macro conditions. But we don't really see that need right now. So I think flat is a good way to model it.
Dave Mosley: Yes, from the demand perspective, it's about where we thought it would be. It doesn't mean that it ticks and ties everywhere where we thought it would be, but it's about relative to where we thought it would be. There is some indication that there is -- to the point I made earlier about the complexity that some of the global partners have to qualify new products and things like that. We think that there is a little bit of an urge around that, but obviously[Phonetic], suggest that even thought it might be later, it suggests a higher demand to get back to the point of 18 months ago when the demand was very high. So that's one of the reasons we feel comfortable about the demand cycle. I think, what we talked about was a 16 terabytes on plan to slightly ahead of plan. So happy with the qualifications across more than a dozen OEMs now. We start -- we ship those first drives in April remember. So there has been a lot of work to get here. The qualifications have run very well. Customer demand is high and that's where we get more bullish.
Dave Mosley: Yes, I think definitely data centers are the strength that we're seeing. We call it all there, like -- I get your your point, but globally, different people are building on different types of data centers. But we call it all nearline strength.
Dave Mosley: Yes, the opex will be above the midpoint of the range as well. And so we'll just -- continue to look at the value that we provide. And customers' demand, like I said, is strong. So we continue to work that. Our cost reductions are good. So all vectors are pointed in the right way -- direction. But we don't want to get specific on guidance.
Dave Mosley: Eventually driven the capital -- the operations to be sized for exabyte growth. And if the demand picture goes there then we have the right products to get it. Sure.
Dave Mosley: Yes, that's the right takeaway mark, and that's where the confidence comes. The one thing, we did -- I did mentioned earlier was, as some of the transitions that are going on globally from one platform to another in spite some of the different customers, there is more opportunity I think for us to have a better product portfolio in there, whether it's a lower cost, lower capacity drives or whether it's the 16-terabyte kind of marquee point, that provides us opportunities to get more revenue than we have.
Dave Mosley: Yes, I can only really speak to us. So what I would say is that demand is not as strong as it was 18 months ago, to your point. The peak at the last cycle, Q4, Q1 a year ago, demand was quite strong then. So it's not been a strong, but we think it's the strength of building, and that's what we've been talking about, and then having the right products in the market that we feel comfortable to ramp and high volume against that, that's what gives us the confidence.
Dave Mosley: Yes, I think that's -- Thanks for the question. There is -- the highest capacities, which -- depending on where you're shipping them, the qualification cycles can be long or short. There's also opportunities for even lower capacities built out in that same platform. So, we will ramp that to your point as the yields makes sense. And if the cost makes sense to insert in the market. As time goes on, we gain confidence because we keep solving the engineering problems. So we're pretty happy about that. I think there is 18-TB before, there's 20-TB as well. So I think that's going to come to the market. But the HAMR transition is ultimately something that's going to drive us forward into 2021 and 2022. And we'll continue to ramp there.
Dave Mosley: Oh Sorry, Calendar year, so yes, calendar year 2019 was relatively muted, especially in the first two quarters. Calendar year 2020 will be stronger year-over-year and it's more broad based exactly to your questions. That -- not only the exabyte transitions that are going on, but the demand picture as well.
Dave Mosley: Yes, I think on HAMR we will do the right thing. As time goes on, we'll continue to manage for operating income and free cash flow and continue to work the cost to the earlier question. I don't expect it to change the model. Obviously, we want to drive the model as hard as we can, and if we can drive it to the high end or drive the model up that's great too. But I don't expect HAMR to change the model.
Dave Mosley: Thank you. Once again thank all of our employees, customers, suppliers and business partners for all their contributions to our third quarter performance, and thanks to our shareholders for their ongoing support. We'll talk to you all next quarter. Thanks.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. Hey, Karl, thank you for the question. So, as we discussed in the previous earnings release call, we did not ramp all the production at full capacity in the last two or three quarters. And that was generating under-utilization charges that was higher, let's say, three quarters ago and they're starting to reduce. During this period of time, we are still adding capex, giving us the opportunity for even higher capacity when we are ready to take benefit from that. And I know, we have strong demand. So we are ramping hard. It's basically on our 16-terabyte, but also other product on lower capacities. When we ramp so fast, sometimes you have additional costs, a little bit lower yield, a little bit of additional scrap. We had a little bit of those impacts in F Q1. We don't expect that to happen again in F Q2 and after that. So we expect margins in general, so gross margin and operating margin to improve starting F Q2.
Gianluca Romano: And in this, to bear in mind, we are saying that we expect the second half of the fiscal year to be stronger than the first half. So, of course, this is part of our confidence in the result.
Gianluca Romano: Katy, going back to your question for price impact terabyte in nearline, as you know, we also increased our average capacity per drive in that segment. And usually when you have this increase of the average capacity, you have a little bit of decrease in price per terabyte.
Gianluca Romano: Yes, we are still not at full capacity, and we are still adding some capex. We have a huge expectation for volume increase demand in the next, I would say, two or three quarters. So we are preparing to satisfy that demand. And we should be at full capacity, I would say, maybe in two quarters from now. But of course CapE we want to add in few days.
Gianluca Romano: Yes, OpEX F Q1 was actually will be better than what we were planning. But you are right. So if -- one-extra week, I would model fairly flat for the next, maybe quarter or two.
Gianluca Romano: I think, your $378 million is providing including share-based compensation. So you should take that out of there. Just look at what we reported yesterday.
Gianluca Romano: Yes, so -- yes. And the 50 basis points that are related to, let's say, lower yields and higher scrap -- related to that ramp, we don't expect that to happen in F Q2. So you should count that as an improvement. I think the $23 million that I mentioned in the prepared remarks were the depreciation change -- was a impact of the depreciation. Now in F Q2, you will have a little bit higher impact. So you should consider also this one. The timing when you start the change, part of the impact is in inventory. So Q1 was -- P&L impact was $23 million [Indecipherable] a little bit higher, not much higher, a little bit higher.
Gianluca Romano: Well, we don't guide gross margin. As I said, we expect F Q2 to be higher than F Q1, and you can probably model based on our revenue and EPS guidance. But as we said, we expect an improvement quarter-over-quarter.
Gianluca Romano: Yes, in terms of capacity, I said we will be close to full capacity in the next couple of quarters. So let's say in the first half of calendar year. And Dave maybe taking the HAMR question.
Steven Fox: Thanks, good morning. I had two questions. First on, a follow-up on the gross margin question. I know you're not providing guidance beyond the current quarter, but is it safe to assume that as you ramp capacity the yield issues and scrap issues that you mentioned are less than the incremental margins that you would garner from the new products? If you could just sort of elaborate on what that path might look like? And then I have a follow-up.
Steven Fox: All right, that's helpful. And then just a question on the surveillance drives. I understand what you said in the prepared remarks about the tougher comparisons in some of the changes that you saw this quarter. What is the recent demand, say, though for surveillance drive prospects for the next few quarters? Are you lowering those or do you see different mix of capacity points, etc? Could you just give a little bit more view on that? Thanks.
Steven Fox: All right, that's helpful. And then just a question on the surveillance drives. I understand what you said in the prepared remarks about the tougher comparisons in some of the changes that you saw this quarter. What is the recent demand, say, though for surveillance drive prospects for the next few quarters? Are you lowering those or do you see different mix of capacity points, etc? Could you just give a little bit more view on that? Thanks.
