Dave Mosley: Thanks, Gianluca. Seagate is demonstrating strong operational execution and supply discipline amid an improving demand environment, which sets us up well to grow revenue and further expand margins throughout calendar year 2024. Our product portfolio, anchored by industry-leading HAMR technology, offers compelling economics for our customers and for Seagate. As we proliferate these new products, we expect to drive further financial leverage over time. I'm confident that our product strategy offers customers the most compelling TCO proposition and positions Seagate well to capitalize on long-term demand for cost-effective mass capacity storage. We believe that the Mozaic platform delivers TCO advantages for datacenter operators and supports their increasing focus on conserving power and space. This week, Seagate published our 18th Annual ESG Report outlining the progress we've made towards our own sustainability goals, including our product circularity program. We are collaborating with customers and recovering drives from our own operations to extend these products' life cycles and conserve the planet's limited resources. Since launching this program in 2020, we've recovered and shipped nearly 4 million drives back into the market. Finally, I want to thank our global team members for their hard work and dedication and recognize our suppliers, customers, and shareholders for your ongoing support of Seagate. Gary, we're ready to open up the call for questions.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Erik. Yeah, appreciate the question. So, relative to the mechanical component in question, we do have other sources and we had those other sources running in parallel, so we were able to segregate the material and then get the test beds back up with the right material, I'll say it that way, and repopulate all those test beds and we recovered the schedule quite quickly because of that. So we're not happy that we had this issue, but obviously, I think we can move on from here and that's why we're expressing the confidence that we did in the script about completing the qualification this quarter and shipping the units. Relative to big picture of the program and these kinds of things happen when you start to integrate high-volume from all your suppliers, sometimes you see interactions that you didn't use and foresee, and long-term, this isn't going to slow us down at all and it shouldn't impact the other qualifications either. We are -- to the second point of your question, we are always re-evaluating exactly where we are involved but we want to also ramp HAMR as fast as we possibly can and get not only the 3 terabytes per platter but 4 terabytes per platter as well. So, still very optimistic on that front.
Dave Mosley: Yeah, thanks, Amit. It's been a remarkable journey, I think over the last year and a half, two years because the demand was so low relative to the supply that we had, that the industry had and we all took, I think, some supply offline, and we started this build-to-order in earnest at least nine-months ago, telling people that, hey, in order for us to actually trigger the builds, we're going to -- we need some predictability out of the business and we're quite happy with how that's proceeded. What's different in the next nine -- in the last 90 days is that the demand really is coming back. And so when we see the exabyte growth last quarter being outstripped by the revenue growth and then we see even more exabyte growth now, then we're fairly optimistic about it. We are still not full though to your point. We still have underutilization charges, if you will, costs, and we also have factory capacity that's not fully utilized yet. So we're going to stick to the plan I think. The main point for us is we don't want to overbuild or build product based on speculation. We really want predictability long-term financial health and so on. We're happy with the improvements that have been made, but we're not quite there yet, and so we'll continue to drive this.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Wamsi. To your first question, there's no significant difference in the hardware. The qualification for cloud versus non-cloud, it's not usually that much different. There can be some software features depending on which cloud service provider you're talking about, that complicates the qualification and especially different customers, whether it's cloud or non-cloud, might be going through other types of architectural transitions at the time, so we have to make sure we get that right. But by and large, it's the same drive. I think that was your question.
Dave Mosley: Yeah, thanks. We will continue to ship aggressively and go through the HAMR transition largely because we think it provides better value to our customers. Higher and higher capacity points, and then ultimately over time it allows us to get components out of the chain, which saves cost against these platforms as well. I mean, we're in an interesting position right now because, say, six months ago, I think supply was ahead of demand and now supply is lagging demand, some of that's just lead times on the product. So, balancing all these things is very important, I think, in today's market, but we're still going to drive very aggressively through the transition and we do believe that this is the way to get more margin into our business as well. So I won't go into specific numbers as we qualify customers, because right now, customers are seeking any kind of product that we can actually make, which then we may actually turn -- our turnover to some products that are already qualified versus prior plans we were driving, but I view that as a good thing because now we actually have demand that's helping our factories that's getting us focused and so I'm very optimistic about that. But -- so just we all are very clear, we're going to continue to drive the transitions very aggressively.
Dave Mosley: Yeah, Steven, I think it's a really good question because I think it goes back to what we've just been through -- living through this downturn, one of the key lessons was just the sheer amount of supply chain inertia that we had can create problems when the demand stops so quickly, and so we need to be a lot more diligent. I mean, we can't have volume shipments -- exabyte volume shipments that where the revenues far under-running the exabytes. And I think part of the -- part of what we can control is control the builds and make sure we don't overbuild and make sure we're not trying to push stuff into the market, especially when the market’s soft. Now that it's a little bit stronger, exactly to your point, which is a nice trend in the last 90 days that we're really encouraged about, then we can go back and say, okay, which ones will we actually build more for and we're having those conversations with the customers. But again, we want to come back to predictability as the overarching objective here and we'll also reward customers who give us that predictability with the best financial outcome for themselves as well. So having those negotiations is giving us pretty good visibility into what's coming over the next three or four quarters, and I'm happy with that.
Dave Mosley: Yeah, there's two aspects of this. One is the completion of the time -- the timing of the qualification and then the other is the total amount of material. And remember, we said we have other sources for the particular component, so we don't have to segregate the entire WIP. There's parts of the WIP that are still moving, right? But I think the timing of the qualification is really the issue there. We're not going to get into how many we're forecasting for the back half of the year because a lot of that will depend on specifics of demand from customers and when the rest of the qualifications time-out. But from my perspective, once we get that material segregated, yeah, is there some rework or scrap to do? Yeah, but I think we can take that. And keep in mind that all of these products are common with one another. So we have homes for other product -- other materials if we want to. It's -- it can be pivoted from the [24 -- 28] (ph) family up to the Mozaic family as well. So I think we have a lot of flexibility there.
Dave Mosley: Yeah, thanks, Karl. Different customers have different requirements and different feature sets, how they use the drive, and so I don't think there's a one-to-one swap. I mean, the good news for us is we have a lot of commonality and so we can react fairly quickly as to whether more people want one family or the other. But we're working with a lot of people on, as I said in the prepared remarks, on two different qualifications at the same time. And as far as I'm concerned, the qualifications are going well. We're staying very communicative with the customers. And against a demand environment that's improving, I think we -- that's why they should value our predictability even more as we show them what we have and what we're willing to build.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Ananda. I'll let Gianluca answer his part, but I guess what I'd say, at a very high level is that we're going to continue to push aggressively through product transitions because we think that's the best way to continue to add value to our customers and margin for ourselves. Some of the margin uplift that we're seeing right now is obviously because of the factories being -- they're filling up, they're not completely full yet, but they're filling up and that's a good sign.
Dave Mosley: Yeah, and then on exabyte growth, Mehdi, I think it's a good question because we come out of negative and we know that that's not real. The negative was the first time in the history of the industry that we've ever seen something like that. So I do expect things to start expanding. And the -- we get into this discussion about whether we like 35% or 25%, we back down to 25%, maybe near-term we're going to see something a little bit more expansive. It's still early in this demand cycle, but we're fairly encouraged by what we're seeing. And I think also our ability to go answer that with these new products, which provide more exabytes may actually drive even more exabyte expansion. The key point right now is we want to make sure that we reestablish the financial predictability of our industry because the industry has been so damaged of late, I think as we grow back, we have to make sure we're not giving this stuff away that we're doing it in a way that's very measured, and the only way we can do that right now and it's the only way that makes any financial sense too is to make sure we control supply very tightly.
Dave Mosley: Yeah, thanks, C.J. The interesting thing is, as demand comes back, we have much more flexibility than we did, say, six months or a year ago. We've -- we in this build-to-order process, we've basically told people what we're going to build and then they've said, okay, I understand the economics, as more demand comes, we can now have a new discussion with them and say, which product is qualified, which one do you want to hurry up and qualify, and so I think we have a lot of options there. I mean, we've been focused on operating profit and free cash flow and we're finally back in double-digits on operating profit and ROAC is finally turning back up. So all of this is just reinforcing the strategy to keep running the business for long-term predictability. This build-to-order thing is working and I think we're going to stay on it.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Toshiya. So, yeah, AI is a big question and I know it's confusing for a lot of people because there's so much marketing around it. I do think that the cloud service providers, even the enterprise OEM customers that we have, they have many different types of applications, and some of those application spaces continue to grow. Some of those applications are being dramatically transformed right now by the new compute capabilities that people have and so on. And what I would say in general, is that there are applications that are definitely, I'll call it, cold storage, colder storage, or big data applications that are coming, video applications, for example, that we are very encouraged by, and we are seeing purchase orders now from cloud service providers and so on that actually say AI on them, which is -- it wasn't true six-months ago, but given all the creativity in this application space, I'm really excited about it. I think there's a lot of opportunity there for us. Relative to our ability to kind of pivot for where we need to go, I think we're going to keep driving mass capacity for sure. We are working a little bit on performance in our tiers, and then Flash, I'm going to say, I usually don't opine on this very much, but I don't have very much bad to say about Flash. I think it's a great technology. I think it's going to be critical for Flash to execute in their layers to enable their application. Some of those applications may have nothing to do with mass capacity, but this idea of mass capacity being in conflict with Flash, I don't think is right. I don't think that's the way architects think about it in data centers. I don't think that's -- that economically it makes sense. And even when you get into things like power and space, I think hard drives are going to stay very, very competitive on the workloads that they that they offer. So, my -- from my perspective, look the new application space is exploding is a good, good thing and it should benefit a lot of hardware providers over time. We've all been through a pretty rough patch of late and we've got to make sure that we watch our supply into it because we can't tolerate another dramatic downturn like we just saw. So we've got to be very careful.
Dave Mosley: Yeah, so Tom, we already said that there's multiple sources for this, and so we segregate the parts that were affected and then we push the other ones on their merry way. We've already repopulated those test beds that are running well, so that's why we have confidence.
Dave Mosley: No, no, no, I wouldn't say it like that. I mean, we'll go work with everybody. Everybody has got a tough challenge. They have issues and we'll go work with them, yeah.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Gary. As you heard today, Seagate is well-positioned to drive improved financial performance in a recovering demand environment through ongoing operating discipline, keen focus on supply-demand balance, which is a big deal, and ramping our latest CMR, SMR, and HAMR-based products. I'm confident in our product strategy. I think it's serving us well, and in our HAMR technology, which positions Seagate well to capitalize on long-term demand for cost-effective mass capacity storage. I'd just close by thanking our stakeholders for their ongoing support. Thanks for joining us today, and we look forward to speaking with you during the quarter.
Gianluca Romano: Yeah, let me add on the underutilization charges, we said in the prepared remarks we do not expect underutilization charges in the fiscal year '25, so fairly soon we will not have that additional cost.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. Well, I would say in the last several quarters, now we had some success in improving our pricing and we are continuing to do that, so part of this increase in gross margin that you are estimating for the June quarter is, of course coming from pricing. As you know, we are -- in the March quarter, we were very high in mix for the mass capacity, then when we go through the rest of the calendar year, you have other parts of the business that will grow. So the mix will not be maybe as good as we had in March, but pricing is going up, and our cost, of course, is always trending in the right direction. Of course, we have a ramp of new products, but overall, we are very happy with the pricing action and where the mix is today. So we see further improvement through the calendar year.
Gianluca Romano: So on the financial impact for the transaction with Broadcom, the major difference will be in OpEx where we expect a decline of about $40 million for fiscal '25. Now, we have a very good collaboration with our partner, so we don't expect basically any other change from the -- from operations. So it's mainly a reduction in OpEx due to the transfer of asset and people to our partner.
Gianluca Romano: On the gross margin trajectory, we said before, we expect to be at 30% or higher during this calendar year. And as you know, there is only a part of the ramp of HAMR. So for sure, when we move higher-volume of HAMR, we expect to be now in the high part of the range or even higher, we will see as a point in that point of the ramp. But, yes, even without HAMR we can be into the 30% to 33% range that we discussed as our target in the past.
Gianluca Romano: And just a clarification, Tim, on the HAMR gross margin, we never said that HAMR was dilutive to gross margin. We said that HAMR gross margin will for sure improve in the second part of the ramp or the first part of the ramp as, of course, a little bit more cost, but we never said it was dilutive to our overall gross lines.
Gianluca Romano: Yeah, on the trajectory, especially of the gross margin, but with the business in general, every cycle is a bit different. We are saying today we see a good recovery from the cloud part of the business. Of course, it's not all the business increasing at the same way. So we still need to wait for other segments to start having the same kind of recovery before we can see a strong upcycle. But, no, we are very positive. We said earlier, we see that gross margin improving quarter-over-quarter and to be in the target range during this calendar year. I would say, every quarter, we have a little bit better pricing, little bit better cost. So the opportunity for us to achieve that target range at even lower level of revenue is for sure a reality.
Gianluca Romano: No, I was just thinking about the components, but there are many components that we source externally, actually now the Ads and media, of course, we produce internally. Those are the most critical components, but there are many other components that we get from external suppliers. And on that particular component, we have multiple sources, so we can switch from one to the other.
