Dave Mosley: Thanks Kate. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us today. For today's earning call, I'll cover the high-level trends we're seeing in the business, our CFO Dave Morton will then discuss certain financial highlights and I'll close the call with our outlook for the December quarter. Beginning with our operational results for the September quarter, Seagate achieved revenues of approximately $2.6 billion, GAAP gross margins of 28%, net income of $181 million and diluted earnings per share of $0.62. On a non-GAAP basis, Seagate achieved gross margins of 29%, net income of $279 million and diluted earnings per share of $0.96. HDD exabyte shipments for the September quarter were a record 70.3 exabytes, up 5% year-over-year. The average capacity per drive across the HDD portfolio was also a record, 1.9 terabytes per drive, and the average selling price per unit was $64. GAAP operating expenses were $481 million, down 17% year-over-year and non-GAAP operating expenses were $408 million, down 14% year-over-year. Cash flow from operations for the quarter was $237 million and free cash flow was $113 million. At the end of September, Seagate announced our participation in this consortium led by Bain Capital Private Equity that has entered into an agreement with Toshiba Corporation to acquire Toshiba Memory Corporation. We are pleased to be part of the consortium and to help facilitate maintaining Toshiba Memory as a world-leading, independent NAND technology company. Over the course of many years, Seagate's developed a long-term relationship with Toshiba Memory, and we have always been impressed with their consistent leadership in advancing NAND technology. We believe that Bain Capital is dedicated to the long-term success of Toshiba Memory, and this acquisition is in the long-term best interest of our industry and the storage customers worldwide. In addition, we expect to enter into a long-term NAND supply agreement with Toshiba Memory, and that will provide continuity of raw NAND for our expanding product portfolio. We have developed our NAND storage technology portfolio over the last several years and today, we have a broad offering of flash-based products that are ready to scale and grow across multiple markets. Our NAND supply agreement with Toshiba Memory will enable Seagate to continue innovating and providing customers with storage solutions that fit their needs, be it HDDs, SSDs or hybrid solutions. This agreement has the opportunity to increase the potential for meaningful future revenue growth from Seagate's NAND storage portfolio while providing significant value for our storage customers. We look forward to updating you on our progress in the future; however, we will not be providing further color on the details of the transaction until we are closer to the deal closure. I'll now turn the call over to Dave Morton to go into more depth on our operational activities.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Dave. The long-term trajectory of growth and infrastructure spending in the large cloud service providers and hyperscale companies appear intact, as they continue to demonstrate and increase their service offerings and exhibit significant business momentum. Critical to supporting the massive growth in data is our ability to continue to provide mass storage solutions that optimize areal density and have the greatest reliability, quality and total cost of ownership benefits. Seagate has demonstrated technology leadership with generations of storage technologies and products. Over the last five years, we have been the leader in areal density with our SMR and TDMR areal density solutions, and we continue to make progress towards the introduction of our heat-assisted magnetic recording, or HAMR, technology portfolio, which is expected to be shipping in volume in 2019. Over the past year, we have been ramping production of our HAMR evaluation drives, and we have shared samples of current generation shipping product with HAMR technology substituted in these devices. Early customer feedback from more than six months ago, using standard qualification processes, demonstrates that the technology will not require any changes for customers to adopt. We believe that HAMR technology opens up a rich design space for high capacity and great value, and we've been communicating that with customers for some months now. In terms of future investment in order to launch our HAMR portfolio, the costs are already contemplated in our existing operating expense and capital expenditure long-term model. While we don't have time today, I personally am looking forward to discussing more about HDD areal density and future technology development at our next strategic update that Kate mentioned earlier. Turning to our market outlook. With major transformative shifts taking place in the storage marketplace from client server to mobile cloud, high-capacity mass storage deployments continue to represent significant opportunity for Seagate. We remain cautiously optimistic about the current macroeconomic environment as well as enterprise and consumer spending trends. On the heels of the various IT component supply constraints, we witnessed in late calendar 2016 and early 2017. We are continuing to monitor outgoing inventory closely. From Seagate's vantage point, our channel inventory positions and inventory for our customers that are visible to us are, in general, lower than last year. Sell-through appears reasonable. For the December quarter, we anticipate strong exabyte growth with the CSP ecosystem, normal seasonal demand for our other major markets, including PCs in the consumer market and sequential growth in our Cloud Systems and silicon businesses. Almost all of our vertical markets are now engaged in exabyte growth again compared to the first half of the calendar year. Given this demand environment, for the December quarter, we expect to achieve revenues up approximately 3% to 5% sequentially from the September quarter. This is consistent to slightly better than the sequential growth we saw at this time last year. Gross margins to expand slightly sequentially and within our 29% to 33% long-term range; non-GAAP operating expenses down sequentially 2% to 3%, with further cost containment measures, as we continue to manage our operating expenses tightly, targeting approximately $375 million per quarter by the end of fiscal 2018; and cash flow from operations to be up significantly sequentially, with improvements in working capital and less restructuring costs. In summary, I'd like to thank our customers, employees, suppliers and business partners for their contributions to our quarter's results. Thank you for joining us on the call today, and we'll now open up the call for questions-and-answers. 
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Edward. Yes, it is a pretty tough comp year-over-year. I think, if I think about 2016, calendar 2016, we were strong from March through November in all markets geographically. So CSPs were strong, and we saw strength in some of the more nascent cloud spaces. We believe that the various component supply issues that existed and pricing of those components and so on actually caused a little bit of an overbuy and some further disruption in the supply chain, which we've talked about. And so, some of the markets, not necessarily all the CSPs, but some of the markets, were impacted in early 2017. And I would say, at this point, all the way through July, we were still seeing that impact. August and September started to turn back on, which resulted in some of the growth that we saw in the quarter. But to your point, it's not back to the level it was before, although it appears to be coming back. What we hear inside of the data centers is that the exabyte growth is still high, so the bit growth is still high. That's irrespective of whether you're talking to large-scale CSPs or some of the smaller cloud players who still have yet to build out the scale. But people couldn't exactly stretch for all those solutions. And now it looks like now they figured out architecturally how they're going to respond to the new cost structures or maybe they had supply -- other supply chain issues that would cause them to -- some of their suppliers to not want to build for them for a while. I think we're through most of that, and I think we're seeing the world starting to turn on.
Dave Mosley: Right. Year-over-year, last year, we were talking about 8 terabytes. Now we're talking about 10s and 12s at the high-end. But especially back to Edward's question, the 4s and 8s now, even 2s, are very relevant in some applications in some of the smaller cloud players. So...
Dave Mosley: I'd say, great question, Christian. The exabyte growth, as both the previous people have asked the question about, has been rather muted this last year if you look at it in aggregate. And some of that's driven by the cloud, some of it is driven by other dynamics. Long term, we think data's growing at 30% to 35%. We've been talking about that fairly openly, but the fact that we're off to a trend this year, means that we'll get back on the trend in the future. Now how fast does it come back, some of that depends on the architectural nuance that I referred to earlier. Are people truly on to further architectures that they can deploy? Or do they still have parts in the system? And what's going on with their specific applications? I actually think we're going into fairly healthy period of the growth that gets us back on to the trend line, and that's what's something we're trying to respond to. We can do it with higher and higher capacity drives because we have areal density to solution it.
Dave Mosley: Not yet because, I think, to our points on the script, which I don't want to go into more detail on, I think it depends on exactly the natures of the deal. I will say that the work that we've been doing with customers means we have a lot of options. There are customers who really like our solutions. I think our portfolio is a little too varied , actually, right now, too many interfaces and different solutions for our customers. I think we're going to have to make sure we pick and choose exactly which ones that we want to scale, but I think we have a lot of options.
Dave Mosley: Yes. I think, from the margin perspective, to see exabyte growth go back, to Christian's question, I think that's the most relevant point. Obviously, 2017 or early 2017 was rather muted on exabyte growth. We think it'll come back. And on the share count, I'll let Dave answer. 
Dave Mosley: So, I'll start with the enterprise side, mission-critical in particular. This market was one of the most impacted earlier in the year by some of the changes in build material pricings. To your point, we do see a mix up in there. Some of the lowest-capacity drives that we sell are on the order of 300 gigabytes. Those are impacted because some of those architectures are changing quickly. Mission-critical is actually a very rich, diverse space. There's not -- it's not a one-size-fits-all solution. And we do see mix up to 1.2 and 2.4-terabyte type drives. And we think that, that'll have a long tail for especially for a lot of those workload-intensive applications that need that value. So, I don't think you're going to see significant exabyte growth, but you will see that mix in the longer tail. And then on the OpEx question, I'll hand it over to Dave. 
Dave Mosley: Yes. Thanks CJ. I think we've talked about it quite a bit on the call. With the issues that there were earlier, that's why the year-over-year compare is pretty tough on the nearline space, with now higher capacity drives and ramping in the market and some of the markets, especially geographically turning on, some of the smaller cloud providers now seeing the architectures that they want to go invest in. We think that there will be substantial nearline growth into next year. Now, obviously, our job is to turn that into orders as quickly as we possibly can, and we're out pursuing strategic agreements to go do that because these are large investments that these companies are going to have to make. But I do think that calendar year '18 will be better than calendar year '17 was from an exabyte perspective. On the Skylight question, it's kind of interesting because we look back ourselves at some of these Intel transitions and said, what does that typically mean for our industry? And when do things latch? This one's very different because, I think, the nature of the interface and performance and so on are actually pretty exciting for the entire enterprise space. Typically, it doesn't latch very quickly. But typically, it does move to a different value proposition overtime, and that's consistent with the mix-up discussions that we had in mission-critical. We believe that some of the lower capacity points will be flushed from the system and will mix up to higher capacity points and mission-critical as we look towards the future, that market, it's not a big market but the mix will be high, so.
Dave Mosley: Okay. I would like to thank all of our customers, suppliers, employees for all their hard work on this quarter and all their partnership. It's been a very good back half of the year coming. In July, when last time we spoke to investors, things were pretty tough with the slow Q4. It's good to see August and September turning on, and we look forward to talking to you on the next call.
Dave Morton: Yes, I would classify any pricing you may see as more of a normal mix shift versus a like-for-like across consistent customers within that same channel. Pricing has been relatively benign. And so, to your point, as the exabytes continue to expand in this data rich area, pricing has not been a major factor across all of our nearline portfolio.
Dave Morton: Yes, the share count, it's back within overall capital allocation, the system that we've been working at over returning over 30% to 50% of our cash flow back to shareholders. And so, obviously, we've been fairly muted on our buybacks, which has been more a reflection of a NII dilution perspective. But we're still very convicted in and around the 30% to 50%. And as we continue to see strength in our cash flows, obviously, we'll continue to be in the open-market.
Dave Morton: In the OpEx, it's been too hard. We still have, I'll call it, some curtailing specifically in the portfolio when you look at some of our adjacent businesses. But then we also have just common items that we've been still trying to drive towards the lowest common denominator. So, we're still very much convicted on achieving the $375 million by the end of FY 2018, and I believe we're on a very good glide path to enable that.
