Steve Luczo: Thank you, Amity. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us today. On the call with me are Pat O'Malley, our Chief Financial Officer; Bob Whitmore, our Chief Technology Officer and Head of R&D and Manufacturing Operations and Dave Mosley, Head of Sales, Marketing and Product Line Management. Entering the March quarter we discussed a few underlying assumptions on which we based our financial outlook, including a muted seasonal pattern with variability around the lunar New Year, pricing trends that would reflect balance supply and demand, and the Seagate would continue to deliver time to market products. With respect to demand in the March quarter the total available market countered seasonal patterns and grew to approximately 163 million units, higher than our original expectation of 155 to 160 million units. The 163 million units were likely short of unconstrained demand. As indicated by low inventory levels, in our OEM and distribution channels. As expected, we experienced variability and demand during January and February, particularly, around lunar New Year for notebook drives. As was the case last year, demand for Seagate products increased and sustained throughout the month of March. Pricing in the March quarter was as we planned. As a result of a relatively balance supply and demand profile throughout the quarter. Additionally, channel inventory levels for Seagate products remain at around three weeks across all geographies and across all product offering. Finally, as planned, Seagate continue to shift time to market products in all markets with the broadest offering in the industry. Consistent with our expectations we delivered strong operational and financial results. Revenue in the March quarter reached $3 billion, a 42% increase year-over-year. Net income was $518 million resulting in $1 of diluted earnings per share. While the financial and operating results were strong, there were internal supply chain constraints that impacted our mix optimization early in the quarter. We generated operating cash flow of $577 million in the quarter and we repurchased approximately $250 million of our common shares. As we plan for the June quarter, we are expecting the TAM will be 155 million units to 160 million units. However, there is some growing evidence that the seasonal declines in the notebook and desktop markets historically associated with the March and June quarters are diminishing. Due to the continued growth in Asia-Pacific demand, back to school bills occurring earlier in the summer, as customers attempt to optimize their supply chains and dynamics around lunar New Year. Given the strength of the March quarter, and our current outlook for June, we are also more confident in our estimate of a calendar 2010 TAM of between 650 million units and 670 million units. As stated previously, our TAM outlook for the calendar 2010 does not include a significant commercial refresh cycle. However, we do believe there are early indications that the commercial refresh cycle has begun as evidenced by the strength in the 3.5-inch product TAM. Additionally, we believe it is increasingly likely that our broader economic recovery in the United States and Europe will occur later in the calendar year, resulting in a potential for increase in demand above our current forecast of 650 million units to 670 million units. We still believe, however, that the HDD industry is constrained to a total output of around 670 million units given capacity, yields, component supply, technology transitions and capital deployment schedule for the remainder of calendar 2010. Consistent with this outlook, we anticipate price erosion to be lower than historical patterns primarily due to tight supply for the remainder of the calendar year. Consequently, many of our OEM and distribution customers continue to emphasize supply availability as their primary concern in our discussions for the June quarter and through the remainder of calendar 2010. We remain focused on continued improvements across our global operations, delivering the best products to our customers and achieving strong financial performance to our shareholders. I will now turn the call over to Dave to discuss specific market dynamics in fiscal Q3 and going into fiscal Q4.
Steve Luczo: Thanks, Pat. I believe we are well-positioned to meet the strong demand profile we expect for the remainder of the calendar year. I want to thank our employees for their ongoing commitment and hard work. And I would also like to thank our customers, suppliers and partners for their ongoing support and confidence in Seagate. Amity, we are ready to open up the call for questions.
Steve Luczo: Ben, I said in my comments that I think it was a fairly seasonal or fairly typical March quarter and some of that does come especially in the channel to be higher in March than it is in January. We also saw some, I will call it some natural muting before Chinese New Year, in January in particular, because of component constraints on notebook. So I think that did drive some different linearity behaviors and what we saw for example, in the December quarter. I think we had some mix issues of our own as well that you could be interpreted various different ways in January but we made that up by March. So in aggregate I think the quarter ended up fairly predictable and fairly typical historically. As a matter of fact I think the inventory levels are probably lower than what we would generally see historically. So that’s why we said everybody behaved themselves.
Steve Luczo: And I think the other kind of unknown variable is the historical patterns up until maybe last one year or two years haven’t really encompassed the level of demand that we get out of Asia Pac that we do now. And because those economies are so large and are growing so quickly that they can also tend to offset what might be “A typical seasonal decline” that was mostly a U.S. Europe phenomenon or the 20 years that we look at historically. So talking to a lot of the producers whether or not it’s OEM or ODM, they will make those decisions sometime in the May to end of June timeframe and depending on how really they make them a good it could positively impact June in a way that we haven’t seen historically.
Steve Luczo: Why we buy and build inventory for the September quarter, that’s what I would say in with supply chain optimization. I think what we would do is we would look out into July, August timeframe and say we’re going to have to build inventory up against that at the back end of this quarter down. The question is then relative to outbound supply chain and ocean freight and things like that what do we want to do is to optimize say a six month look at this from Q4 into Q1, we would certainly take those opportunities where we could.
Steve Luczo: I think that the 750 number is still about right and no change really to 2010. The number we gave you for 2010 was again against 650 to 670 TAM which is kind of we think that the industry is capped out. So doesn’t make sense to invest capital beyond that the whole supply chain can handle it.
Steve Luczo: Look, the pricing is highly competitive, always will be in this industry. And we understand that getting all of our technologies whether or not at the semiconductor or disk drive or PCBA or anything else is how we drive demand. So I think pricing is in balance now with the level of our technology and the capacities that we have. And for sure, we believe that our model which has two huge elements to it. One is a very broad product portfolio and two is a highly integrated supply chain work in our favor when demand and supply are tied at they are right now, when I think our customers recognize it as well.
Steve Luczo: I think there’s obviously been an enough tech companies reporting this week whether or not it was Intel last week and Apple today and it certainly seems like that there is evidence out there is a commercial refresh starting to occur I think people have been fairly consistent, for the last quarter or two that to say that this on the server side they’ve seen that happening, now the question is how does that flow through to commercial notebook and desktop. Starting if you look it’s certainly CIOs are getting more confidence in deploying new technology given frankly, how well be installed basis.
Bob Whitmore: Thanks, Dave. The focus in R&D and operations continues to be on executing time to market, product introductions, supplying our customers with products in a robust demand environment. Today, I will give an update on products, operations, component supply and capital investments. I will start with a brief overview of new product development. In mission critical enterprise we move forward and transitioning the 2.5-inch 10,000 RPM product line from 450 GB to 600 GB. We have completed most customer qualifications and are increasing volume production. In business critical and cloud applications we continue to increase our output for a 2.5-inch 500 GB and 3.5-inch 2 terabyte product lines. As for the desktop market, we continue to optimize an increased production of the 500 GB per disk product line as well as starting the transition to 667 GB per disk. Finally, in notebook, we continue to qualify in increased production of our 320 GB per disk and new 7 mm 250 GB product lines. Additionally, we have now shipped the industry’s first 7200 RPM product, a 375 GB per disk into our retail business and are shipping to OEMs this quarter. Overall, we continue to make good progress on new product introductions and execution and time to market deliveries for the broadest portfolio in the industry. I will now give some detail as it relates to operations, supply and capital. As mentioned earlier, we continue to run our operations in a fully utilized manner throughout the quarter. Inventory turns for the quarter were approximately 12.5, well within our target range of 11 turns to 13 turns. Raw materials and components were up over quarter due to the strategic replenishment of our component and supply lines to more normal levels and in anticipation of growth in the upcoming quarters. Similar to the previous quarter, the supply chain was generally tight for Seagate and the industry. We expect that trend to continue for this quarter and for the remainder of the calendar year. Critical components continue to be the supply of glass substrates, finished media and heads. Despite having this pressure in the supply chain we are underpinned to support the current financial outlook and well positioned to meet the increased demand through the end of the calendar year. Finally, I will make a few comments on our capital investments. Today’s robust demand environment and the broad acceptance of our products require capital investments that line our capacity to support 650 million units to 670 million units industry TAM for the calendar year 2010. This represents a year-over-year increase of 15% to 20% and is in line with third-party analyst growth estimates. As we have discussed in the past capital investments are a function of revenue growth opportunities, the need to support customer requirements, along with future technology transitions, and aerial density advancements. As such, the capital planning process is dynamic and we will continuously evaluate business requirements and raise or lower our capital investments properly. In summary, our development and operation teams remain focus on delivering time to market products, staging technologies for the future and increasing our factory output and efficiency throughout the supply chain. Now, I will turn the call over to Pat.
Bob Whitmore: No, we didn’t talk about specifically. I can give a little bit more color I think Kevin. The CE breaks basically into the DVR market, the gaming market; we participated in both and did quite well in both. I think we believe our DVR products were the share leader in DVR and then we started participating in some of the gaming markets as well and did over a million drive in games.
Bob Whitmore: Its better you talk to our customers about what they’re doing, what their builds and profiles versus us having talk about it, Kevin.
Pat O'Malley: It’s just probably the mix of the enterprise as I said we’re going to historical levels in enterprise versus this prior quarter and some positive on the mix of our other product segments.
Pat O'Malley: Right. So, we’re making the assumption that’s going to be the case. So as they’ve said we keep a healthy supply chain there and we opportunistically and structurally support that and it came our way.Rich Kugele – Needham & Company: Okay, thank you.
Pat O'Malley: I think probably somewhat less than that, but it’s a mix but I would just say within that range are better.
Dave Mosley: I don’t think so. I think it’s just fairly expected. I think seasonally and some of those as we talk about a number of times some of the supply chain optimization happen, market segments to market segments also.
Dave Mosley: I’m clear right now. You said competitor, Rich, I don’t know that it was a competitor, should have been more than one competitor.Rich Kugele – Needham & Company: Okay great, thank you very much.
Dave Mosley: I will try in this way. So, this is seasonally down that much. I think most of the customers right now because of comments that we’re all hearing together are a little bit gun shy about carrying inventory at the end of this quarter and so on and so forth. But they see a big back half of the year and people are fairly consistent in that. So they will be worried about supply as well. So our guidance is that as we go up through a step function into the following quarter we’re going to watch very carefully, manage our inventory very carefully, if we see the opportunity to allay some of those fears, especially take advantage of supply chain optimization, get things on board up against back to school and so on, we will do that, we will do that with our customers as we approach June.
Dave Mosley: Yes, again, I think we’re mixing and matching between overall TAM versus PC and then between desktop and notebook. I think right now the industry is fairly well aligned to the growth that that’s the customers are forecasting. On the other hand if demand is stronger either because there’s a commercial refresh cycle that stronger than people are booking in or if the Europe and the U.S. pick up in ways that are currently forecasted than it could be a struggle, I mean right now though it feels everybody is kind of go and flat out and meeting the demand or maybe just shy of the constrained demand that’s there.
Dave Mosley: I think the point is that if June is stronger than what we’re thinking we’re going to be flat out, we’re not going to have the opportunity to build inventory that we could use in September or December. If June is seasonal or if it’s weaker we probably use that as an opportunity to build the inventory in September and December because the back half ramps are pretty extreme.
Dave Mosley: Well, I would say if I go back four quarters we were really hitting at the time what we talked about with the bare refresh rate. I mean there was really not that growth. So how much replenishment went on over the last couple of quarters is one way to look at it. We’re still not theoretically back to where we’re before, the macroeconomic front sharpened. I do think that there are possibilities people are talking about certain refresh, there are possibilities in storage for more growth. I mean we’re not really baking that in and we don’t think it would happen in the June seasonal quarter anyway but we’ll react to it if it starts.
Dave Mosley: I think some of the models are developing quite well in Asia and even if you just look at PC demand it was hardly down quarter-over-quarter. So it’s really back to Steve’s comments around the lunar New Year. Some of those behaviors we’re seeing are driving our calendar Q1 to be fairly strong actually and I think the retail markets are taking advantage of that as well.
Dave Mosley: I would say we model in, Noland, we will have to see how it runs at against the end of the quarter so we’re not expecting to do it. I wouldn’t look at it as channel inventories as much as I would look at a CE held inventory against the build. So what we hold in West maybe around finished goods. If we’re really going into a calendar Q3 this is as big as what we forecast.
Dave Mosley: No change to what we’ve been saying for 2010. It’s too early to talk about 2011. We’ll see where we’re at in terms of later this summer in terms of what the September and December quarter feels like and then if you’re looking at a normal growth off of 2010 of call it 10% to 12%, then we will deploy capital as appropriate.
Dave Mosley: No, let’s be clear, so the component shortages weren’t inside of our supply chain. They were under notebook supply chain on the outbound. They happened early in the quarter. We impacted somewhat slightly but I wouldn’t say that we were very far off of our plans going into the quarter.
Dave Mosley: No change. We think it’s going to be an important business for us and we’re hard at look at it and we feel good about our product road map.
