Dave Mosley: Thanks, Gianluca. To summarize, Seagate is executing well on its strategic priorities to optimize profit and free cash flow. We are continuing to manage the business intelligently through industry related cycles and the current market dynamics. Over the longer term, we believe the fundamental demand for data is driving the need for mass storage capacity. Seagate is creating solutions to help customers manage the exponential volumes of data securely, efficiently and cost-effectively. As we enter fiscal 2020, I am confident that we have the financial foundation, manufacturing expertise and technology portfolio to capitalize on these future growth opportunities. We will be hosting an analyst event on September 19 in New York City, where we plan to outline our strategy in more detail. Before opening the call for questions, I would like to take a moment to thank our customers, suppliers, business partners and employees for all their contributions to the success of our business. Gianluca and I will now take your questions.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Katy. At a very high level, no, it doesn’t tie to the ramp of the 16 terabyte, but I’ll describe the market dynamics and then let Gianluca do a walk on specific impacts if that’s more helpful. I don’t think we should underestimate the disruptions in the market from a demand perspective that we saw in Q4 and continue to see ramifications of the Q1. There’s a lot of supply that was pushed into the market, I think into channels that are not necessarily tied to revenue quickly. And that’s partly because people were buying things in anticipation of maybe supply disruptions that didn’t happen. And I think those factors have actually played into the quarter to quarter compare, and may even be a little bit of part of underutilization as well just as we try to tie those things back together because, as you know, we like to build only what the customers absolutely need and those disruptions have impacted us. I think if I step to the very high level in the industry and look at revenue per terabyte, you can see the revenue per terabyte is going down quite a bit. Now, some of that’s the transition to higher capacity drives, some of that’s, in fact, the cloud is still not fully turned on, but you can see that competitive progress there. How do we get out of it and when as to your question, that’s when we can go drive cost per terabyte. And the biggest product that we have coming there is going to be impactful as 16 as well. But I’ll let Gianluca do the walk as well.
Dave Mosley: Yes, thanks, Steven. The way I think about it is we’re ramping 16s and communicating to our customers what we want to do on 16s. That’s the platform and we didn’t just stage this platform last month, we’ve been working on for years. So that’s the platform we’ve been out selling to our customers, getting them to align to, getting them aligned on the ramps and so on. So to your point, especially when the market is relatively software nearline, we’ve been down, it’s actually starting to pick backup as we talked about, but it’s not – still not up to full speed and you can see that versus where we were say a year ago when things were really hot. We don’t – we want to make sure we don’t push the wrong drives out there. So from our perspective, let’s not overbuild say for example on 12s or 10s and push those into slots that ultimately the customers, maybe they don’t want for their long-term TCO proposition, they’re going to be putting these data centers up and running the drives for five, seven years, so the TCO proposition for the 16 is huge. We don’t want to be temporarily going after that. So if you call that share loss or something like that, that’s fine, that’s not a metric we’re really managing onto your point.
Dave Mosley: Yes, that’s good, Aaron. And I think it’s a good way to think about it. So this time last year we were in north of 100 exabytes, and then we’ve dipped down in the 80s in the last couple of quarters when things have been soft. I think we need to get up over 100 now and we’re installing capacity for that. And largely a portion, it’s not just 16 terabytes, right? It’s some of the low cap stuff moving to 8 terabytes and some of the surveillance markets, edge storage markets moving to 4 and 8 terabytes and so on, exactly to your point, but that’s the – those are the utilization targets that we’ve got set and we think it’s going to come, so we’re staging for it.
Dave Mosley: Yes, I think that goes back to deep collaborative work with our customers and talking about what exactly they need when they need it and making sure that our ramps are big enough and flexible enough to be able to accommodate their needs. It goes without saying that that 16 terabytes and above, 18 terabytes when we get there, 20 terabytes when we get there, are very meaningful TCO improvements for the customers. They – depending on which ones they may be cycling out old equipment, they may be building new data centers as part of their plans, but all of that improves their capability and they’re going to be running the gear for a long time. So we think we’re up against a fairly, fairly big bubble this time in exabytes.
Dave Mosley: Yes. I think you can start to see that C.J. in our CapEx numbers a little bit, if you look year-over-year as we’re staging the right technology to be able to get to that. That’s one of the reasons why we reinforced the expectation for revenue growth and FY 2020 as well is because we’re getting to the point where we believe that those TCO propositions are so advantageous that people will stretch for that.
Dave Mosley: Yes, we’re on a fairly aggressive ramp. And remember that the lead times for things like heads and discs and drives are getting longer, especially on these big capacity drives, but we’re still driving it. The qualifications have – really don’t have any significant technical hitches at this point, some have timed out. There’s a few that are for various reasons, customers that pushed a few weeks because their tools weren’t ready or because they’re not ready to intercept with – where they want to, to be able to take a 16 terabyte and a lot of that is about where they want to go. But as far as I’m concerned, we’re pretty happy and we’re definitely staging materials.
Dave Mosley: It’s an interesting space, Mark. I don’t think it’s near-term. So just to be quite frank, I think there are some smaller customers who have very high performance workloads, who are really pushing for this technology. And there are some smaller divisions of cloud service providers because of everything – all cloud service providers are not created equal and many have different workloads. So where this technology is immediately applicable is a subset. I think the technology over time becomes much more important. And I would think about it as above 20 terabytes. They’re multiple – you just can’t continue to have bigger drives all behind one actuator at a relative IOPS per terabyte streaming speed that’s less, if that makes sense. So we need to go to this technology. I think it’ll be competitive and I think we’re being driven very hard for it. But I also think it provides – since we’re providing so much more value and if we happen to outcompete, it should be good for us. I think the other interesting thing about the technology is everything I just said about the cloud it’s very applicable back into the edge data centers, which are right now starved for that value I think from a lower cost per terabyte perspective, but also from a performance perspective, and then the rest of the edge is also. If we talk about surveillance drives or something, we’re getting driven for multiple streams in surveillance drives. So the technology is probably relevant there too, but I just want to be very upfront and say that the first instantiation now that we’re shipping these products is going to be, the early adopters if you will, are going to be more niche for awhile.
Dave Mosley: Yes, thanks for the question. It’s interesting though. I won’t talk about any individual staffing that we’ll do, but I will say that we’re planning on changing how we go to market. It’s really interesting the markets are changing very quickly. The customer types are changing, the customers just even talked about on this call versus two or three years ago. So exactly to your point, there’s a lot of changes going on. The Seagate team is pretty deep. I think as everybody knows, been together for a long time. And I have a ton of faith in the rest of the team. I really think we’ve made great transitions in the last three years and some with Jim’s help. I think going forward we’re going to have to rely on the growth of the Seagate team. And so from my perspective, I am very focused on what – who are the new customers, how are they going to buy, how do we adapt to them, and then there’s some investments we’re probably going to have to make.
Dave Mosley: Karl, it’s interesting. As we said the script that – we talked about how we are doing minimal investments in some of these spaces. But I think what’s important is we’re managing the business for free cash flow over the long term, not over the short term, right? And some of these markets are still, without with minimal investment, the free cash flow is still quite good, operating margins still quite good. As a matter of fact, I would argue that today, the competitor, if you will, that you just talked about being flash drives or something like that are not as good. So – but there is reality of the marketplace. So we’re not really investing a lot in those places, we’ll continue to run them over the long-haul and think about them as, how do we generate free cash flow. There will be disruptions in some of those spaces, we forecast that over time. But I think we have to be careful because the tail is actually quite long as well. I just pick on PCs for a second, because a lot of people like to talk about it. From my perspective, from a hard drive perspective, PCs – the interesting one for hard drives already have full drives in them, so it’s actually a longer tail. And there’s a reason why the HDDs in their end, the ASPs in their end, so I don’t really think of it as per se at either/or. And then the other thing to keep in mind is, we’re off to service our customers and our customers kind of dictate the demand, we don’t make demand by our strategy, we don’t think of it that way. So hope that helps you.
Dave Mosley: Oh, I see, I see. Okay. Yes. Becoming a bigger and bigger portion, I think in the script, we talked about it already being 50%. So from my perspective, it’s going to be a bigger, bigger portion and the leverage that we get because we’re doing fewer drive types than before, I think we’ll get relatively better payout. If I think about the large part of the driver for exabyte growth, it’s the fact that we’re getting higher capacity points, 2016 versus 2010 in the last peak of the last cycle. And I am not saying that the hard drive sites is the primary driver that I think there are many drivers, but I think that’s the biggest thing driving us near term. Longer term, to your point, if I think about enterprise, the cloud will continue to grow. The cloud will continue to cycle through some of their existing footprint and upgrade as well, but I think data is still going to grow in the cloud. I think the other interesting topic that we have going on right now, is that on prime data centers, data is being repatriated but there’s a market difference in the cost between the cloud and the on-prem. And what we’re seeing is lot of people in the on-prem where we’re going to have focus on high-performance storage, and that’s fine, because it’s going to be a lot of needs for compute there, and the high-performance storage or high-performance memory, if you will, need to be very close to that compute. But in order to put the extreme data growth is going on, in order to have enterprise growth in those places, you’re going to need cost-effective solutions vis-a-vis the cloud. So we’d see a great opportunity there. We talked about it a little bit in the script, and I think that’s also an opportunity for us to get to market little bit faster with the same technology, and that will drive exabyte growth.
Dave Mosley: Eventually, they’ll take over, maybe back to Karl’s question, eventually, they will take over from some of the more legacy systems from an Exabyte perspective, exactly to your point. What we’ve seen about some of that edge storage like surveillance, it’s been a little choppy like the cloud has. And unfortunately, sometimes they phase up, and you don’t see it. So I don’t know it’s easy on rolling one-, two-, three-quarter basis to draw any trends. But certainly, over the last three or four years, if you start drawing the cloud trend again, the edge storage trends that are around surveillance then it presents a pretty good story.
Dave Mosley: Year-over-year growth, I think is coming, certainly, in FY2020. Some of it depends if we talk about just an Exabyte growth, some of it depends on the specifics to the ramp of the 2016, and I don’t want to get any further ahead than next quarter. But what I would say is you’re on the right point, which is last year, the drives, the factories were full at Q4 to Q1. This year, as we go through – as we’re ramping right now, we’re definitely staging to be able to capture the peak of that cycle again. And I think we make that available for – to guide the eye, if you will, on our Investor Relations websites to show those cloud cycles. And what we’ve seen over time is that the peaks and valleys, if you will, of the climb and the cloud have really been fairly predictable, things can always get thrown off just a little bit, but we believe there’s another one coming in and it’s certainly consistent with the discussions we’re having with our customers.
Dave Mosley: Yes, I think, let me say in this way, that the data center build-outs that we’ve typically heard of it [Audio Gap] to last August and September specifically, some of the plans and a lot of places they’ve just been postponed for various reasons. There are other people who, you can tell data just growing and gets their application and they want to continue to invest, but they wait for the right architectural decisions. Sometimes it’s the hard drive capacity points, sometimes it has to do with other architectures that are going on. So I – it’s hard to point to paint the cloud with a uniform brush because there’s so many different applications and strategies that are going on. But I do think, the overall data group is very consistent and that’s what drives that period is the data that we’re referring to. A little wider and deeper this time. Maybe, I think, certainly has felt like that in the last six months, and I think what I said a year and a half ago with the geographically we’re starting to see enough diversity that maybe it wouldn’t be as deep. Clearly the markets have been fairly disturbed in the last six months. But I think that that overall data growth, the demand for places to put the data is still there and driving that trend.
Dave Mosley: Yes, that’s certainly true. Yes, there are new applications coming online. I wouldn’t talk about any specific customers of course, but there are new applications.
Dave Mosley: I wouldn’t talk about a specific person. I would say it’s super interesting to me, what’s going on in on-prem enterprise. I think if I look over the last five to 10 years, there’ve been people very focused on high performance rigs and that’s important. We see it in the – our own data centers that we have to build. But we also see a lot of people want to grow the data on-prem for themselves, whether it’s their own control, their own application control. Some people talk about repatriation, I don’t think it’s a good way to think about it. Because I think the cloud will grow substantially and the applications in the cloud are have a great value proposition as well. But I do think that on-prem low cost, efficient, storage to cover the entire life cycle of data. Not just the compute, but the life cycle of the data is super important. And I think some companies have been very focused and that’s their business model to be very focused on high performance. I think there’s an opportunity for all of us, for everybody in this more economical on-prem stuff. And I – and we pointed to that a little bit in our script, and I think it’s a space to watch in the next five years.
Dave Mosley: Yes, it has been a little choppy this year, that’s for sure. I think, there’s various reasons for that, but overall most of the discussions we’re having with our customers are – there’s a lot more planning involved. So is there a data center going to be built or are you going to be transitioning some of your old gear into new gear or new applications coming online to that point. We do feel that the last six months or nine months geographically, there’ve been a lot of people just say, I’m on hold, we’ll come back to this. But some of the business models are still desired in place. And then there may even be new ones are coming up, which I think causes some of this choppiness that we see in the nearline next by demand.
Dave Mosley: From the new ones. I think, from our perspective, there’s a lot of things that we’re obviously working with our customers through we tend to focus on – do we have the right stuff in the right place at the right time. We react to these things just like everyone else does. I think we have pretty robust supply chain that we can react quickly. So from the new tariff side, I think there’s minimal impact. And everybody is analyzing the same things in the world, and going through the same things. We’re Seagate’s markedly similar to everyone else and I’ve heard their earnings calls, it’s – you can tell other people are struggling with it a little bit more, but I think we’re dealing with it.
Dave Mosley: Okay. Thanks everyone joining us today in Dublin. And thanks for your interest in Seagate. I would once again like to thank our customers and our suppliers and business partners and all of our employees for their contributions to our fourth quarter performance. Also like to thank our shareholders for your ongoing support. We look forward to seeing you all at an Analyst Event in New York on September 19th. And thank you Kelly, also for hosting the call.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. Hi, Katy. So in terms of underutilization cost, in F Q4 we still add about 100 basis points of gross margin that we lost due to underutilization. The overall gross margin was fairly well aligned to our guidance. And as you know, even in EPS we are actually higher than the midpoint of our guidance. So I don’t know, our expectation was to have a much higher gross margin for F Q4. In F Q1, you’ll still have some underutilization cost impacting the gross margin, less than in F Q4, but still probably 50, 60 basis points. So as Dave said, it’s not really related to the 16 terabyte specifically, but we are adding capacity to our manufacturing capabilities because of our expectation of much higher volume coming in the next few quarters. So until we ramp all our production and fulfill the factories, we will add some underutilization costs. And as Dave said, there’s also some pricing pressure in the market that is keeping gross margin maybe a bit lower than what you were expecting. And maybe, let me take the opportunity to talk about also EPS for F Q1. So we guided $0.90 plus or minus 5%. But there are several items that will impact EPS in Q1 in different direction. So first of all, we will have the positive impact of higher revenue, it’s a similar gross as we guided. We also have a positive impact from excluding share-based compensation starting F Q1 in order to be better aligned to our competitors and the normal practice in the industry. And then we have a couple of negative impact. One is OpEx because F Q1 is a 14-week quarter, we will add about $20 million, $25 million higher OpEx in the quarter, and we also have higher OpEx due to the variable compensation. So that is probably another $20 million. Finally, we also have lower interest income because we redeemed our investment in Toshiba. As you know, that investment was generating about $20 million of interest income that we will not have in F Q1, so which is how probably you kind of consolidate $0.86 in F Q4 to the $0.90 in F Q1.
Gianluca Romano: No, I just think we will do that, but we [indiscernible] $20 million, so you can cut buybacks early…
Gianluca Romano: No. So OpEx stock-based compensation is about $20 million. So you have $20 million that is not included in our guidance because of the stock-based compensation. The 14-week, so the extra week in the quarter, is a similar amount, so $20 million. And then because we’re entering into a new fiscal year in the guidance, there is an assumption for variable compensation that is higher than what we had in the prior quarter. So you need to add all those items and come up.
Gianluca Romano: So we are ramping the 16 terabyte. As you know, the expectation for demand is really strong, but it’s a time like between when we start the capacity and when we can really ramp the production. So this is why we still have some underutilization cost. But depending from how much additional capacity we will add in the next few quarters, but we expect to be fully – close to be at capacity fairly quick, probably a couple of quarters.
Gianluca Romano: And, Ananda, you are correct. You will see a big ramp in the December quarter. So we are very active already in this quarter, but you will see much more volume starting next quarter.
Gianluca Romano: And if I can add something on free cash flow. I think it’s very important to keep in mind that even during a quarter that is down cycle quarter, Seagate was able to generate $300 million in free cash flow, and was very similar last quarter. So I think either change compared to what was in the past. So even during down cycle time, the focus on free cash flow is giving very good results.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. I think that’s the right way. Of course, depends how much capacity we will end in the December quarter and the following quarters. But I think from a moderate standpoint, you are correct.
Gianluca Romano: I think it’s difficult to note that. I think right now for December or later quarters but, of course, it’s different from how much we in 15 terabyte. And as we said before, we will intend to ramp into December quarter and after that. So you will have probably more impact in the next few quarters.
