Dave Mosley: Thanks, Gianluca. As we conclude the first quarter of fiscal year 2021, we are encouraged by the recovery trends we’re seeing in key end markets, but still expect macro uncertainty to persist near-term. We have demonstrated the ability to manage through challenges in the past and with our team strong execution the resilient financial model, I remain confident that we will emerge stronger from this current situation. Our improving December quarter outlook suggests we’re on track to do it again. I’m proud of our pace of innovation, and how we’re attacking the critical customer needs posed by data growth, data sprawl and data security. We are delivering on our technology roadmap and developing cost effective solutions that addressed the secular demand growth for mass capacity storage, and data management. I am confident our business outlook for fiscal year 2021 due in parts of the tremendous momentum we have built with our highly successful HDD business, and I believe our new initiatives including our live platform, position us for even greater opportunities in the future. As a result, I’m more excited than ever about Seagate’s growth opportunities, ability to generate cash and enhance shareholder value over the long-term. Our performance would not be possible without the tremendous efforts of our employees, and the ongoing support of our customers, partners and shareholders. Thanks to all of you. With that, Gianluca and I are happy to take your questions.
Dave Mosley: Yes. I would say that the important one for us is the technology milestone that we are achieving in the current quarter with the first shipment of HAMR. It’s not so important right now how many units we ship. The important is that the technology is working, and we are doing exactly what we said and start shipping 20-terabyte HAMR before the end of the calendar year 2020.
Dave Mosley: Yes. Aaron, thanks. Certainly through COVID where factories were so strained and there were people that needed help. And so, we were out aggressively addressing that to make sure we had continuity of supply. And that’s the comments that we made in the prepared remarks about the strategic inventory buys that we’ve done just to make sure that we have the right inventory placement. Relative to the management, I think that’s the supply chain, I think that’s really starting to equilibrate now, and I’m fairly happy with where we are. We’ve got our suppliers in line with our capacity planning again, and they’re not getting turned off because of some of the COVID-related stuff, and I think it’s very manageable from here. That’s the way I look at it.
Dave Mosley: Yes. So, mass capacity has such strong growth for many, many quarters now and probably many years to come as well. We’ll be continuing to pivot more of our capital allocation against that and we’ll watch the legacy markets very carefully. Some, like we’ve mentioned, consumer markets were still fairly strong, others may be reaching a new normal as they continue to ramp down. We’re not investing in those, and so we can pivot the capacity, whether it’s wafer capacity, or media capacity, or drive capacity or whatever, we can pivot that capacity over that. And by the way, that goes against the supply comments or the suppliers’ comments that you’ve made as well. I mean making sure we work all the way upstream in our supply chain with the suppliers to do that also. What we said specifically in the script is that we believe the industry has enough capacity in aggregate for that. We make those pivots. We’ll still be needing to invest in what we call technology transition capacity. So, the ability to make the new 18-terabyte and the HAMR drives and things like that. But that’s not adding capacity, if you will, that’s just investments in that technology transition.
Dave Mosley: Yes, yes. Thanks, Ananda. So, the first thing you were on was the 35% to 40%. We believe we’re still on track to outstrip that this year. We’ve been talking about that even as mass capacity was struggling earlier this year, because of surveillance market and so on. These VIA markets came back really strong and that’s the answer to your – the second part of your question. So that was definitely back in its normal traditional representation, maybe, even a little bit greater, given all the disruption that’s going on, the VIA markets were quite strong last quarter. We can expect that to persist as well going on. It’s logical recovery I would say, and it’s some of the new applications that are coming there, whether it’s smart city applications or hospital applications, things like that. So, we see a fairly healthy demand profile for that segment of mass capacity throughout the remainder of the fiscal year as well. So that’s why we have a lot of confidence in those mass capacity numbers being so high.
Dave Mosley: Yes. Sorry. So, I wouldn’t say nearline right now, because of the – remember the on-prem discussions that we had last quarter. and so on-prem is still recovering, but it’s just not strong. So yes, the 35% to 40% is mass capacity all-in to your point.
Dave Mosley: Yes. Thanks, Steven. So on-prem, I think, on a hindsight now, which is, we have really good visibility, I would say what happened with the early COVID supply reactions by a lot of customers caused pull-ins. And then the demand reality came later than that when people couldn’t get back on-prem. So that’s the bullwhipping, if you will, that caused a little bit too much inventory and the change. We’re still recovering from that frankly. I don’t expect it to recover to the prior levels, because some of those markets, some of those on-prem markets, like mission critical, we’re actually in decline anyway. So, we think that’ll come back to maybe, the prior declining run rate, if that helps you think about it, the nearline piece of the on-prem will actually come back, because that’s moving up in exabytes as well and there’s still a lot of value in nearline on-prem storage. Relative to the VIA markets and how they recovered so strongly, I think, when people could – generally speaking, when people could get back on-prem, they – we’re looking for new applications, some of them may have been facial monitoring, but some of them may have been temperature monitoring, and some things like that, and when you do those installs those upgrades, if you will to install, you don’t have to upgrade your entire network, you’re upgrading typically the box that’s the brain in the back room, and that has hard drives associated with it. So that’s why we think that I was so strong, very global, as well. So, it all happened at the same time. And again, we expect these kind of smart building Smart City applications to be continuing to be a good investment theme. Such that, if I look back year-over-year, we’ll definitely get back to where we were year-over-year, we did last quarter, and we’ll probably will, going forward as well. The muted frontend of this calendar year, we don’t know perfectly about the backend of the year, but we think that the VIA markets will be significantly stronger than that muted demand.
Dave Mosley: Yes. Thanks, Patrick. So, a couple of things, we have quite a bit of capacity that as part of our installed base, and we’ve been thinking for many years about those tools, those tools that they needed to make the HAMR transition, they are not too many incremental tools. So, we feel like we can manage the transition quite well. We do need a little bit of what we call technology transition capacity to do that. To the first part of your question, the bigger issue is really how we forecast what’s going on in legacy markets and how much we pivot to mass capacity. So, we’re going to be watching those legacy markets and what they’ll do over the course in the next year and it also started wafer, which is relatively long lead time. So, we’ll approach this judiciously. I do think over time, we will need more technology transition capacity as HAMR continues to ramp. So, I think that’s a fundamental limiter, if you will, and then the market goes bigger than we can react very quickly, I think on CapEx and especially with back in test capacity or media capacity to react if the market goes big.
Dave Mosley: Yes, Kevin. I would say the areas of – almost everything was depressed and almost everything’s coming back. The distribution channel came back quite nicely in Asia, Southeast Asia, in India and a little bit less so in Europe, just last quarter based on timing, but we are seeing it come back everywhere. And I think it was a fairly healthy quarter for us widespread geographically.
Dave Mosley: Yes. There’s a little bit of NAS in the non-nearline, if you will. But we said that I think 70% is nearline on the call. So, if you think about that other 30% is the bulk of that 30%, although NAS is a nice contributor as well and growing in exabytes.
Dave Mosley: Well, I would say Sidney; we don’t talk about individual customers. I think if I go back, five or six quarters, now we’ve been talking about how demand has been fairly disrupted, particularly in China and there’s a lot of reasons for pulling in or pushing out demand, different projects that people are doing financial planning that they might be doing. We really focus on the end-market demand. And what’s that how we construct our guide? I do think that relative to some of the products that we’re talking about, there’s fairly healthy demand – healthy supply inventory in the chain, if you will. And that gets to the mission critical question and whatnot. We’re a global tech company. We have a broad network of suppliers and customers. We continually monitor and remain in compliance with all the rules and regulations around. I think, relative to some of the legacy markets. I think we’re just watching too much inventory out there. So, I don’t think it’s material, but it’s all factored into our guide about what’s going on in the markets. And then our long-term view is that mass capacity storage will find multiple routes to market and that’s what’s growing and that’s the way we’re positioning ourselves.
Dave Mosley: It’s interesting. Our 16-terabyte is a very, very strong platform for us. So, the unit crossover, we don’t really think about it as units. It’s actually such a similar bag of parts, as we’ve talked about before that it’s really a transition slightly in head capacity from our wafer fabs and some – a little bit of media turns and a couple of other piece parts. So, it’s not a hard transition for us to make. We’ve been saying for multiple quarters. Now, we really like our 18-terabytes good quality drive. It’s failing through the qualifications at the right level. So, it’s really about aligning with what the customers need from a volume perspective and I don’t think it’s going to cross over the next couple of quarters. We could drive it harder if we want to, but there’s no real reason to do that, especially against the demand certainty that I think everybody needs. To the other point, I think I do think that ultimately, 18-terabytes becomes a big volume. I don’t think people will wait for 20’s although, if an individual customer wants to do that, we’ll go there with them. We’re not going to talk about what our plans are there competitively, but I think there will be 20-terabytes in the market. I don’t think everyone will wait from 16 to 24, though, I think, the TCL proposition about re-qualifying an 18 or 20, or something like that is significant. And I think people will do that. So, we’re in deep conversations with all of our customers about this, these qual cycles take a long time. So, we’re locked and loaded with them on all this stuff, and making sure we give them what they need a high volume.
Dave Mosley: Yes. Thanks Mark. So, gaming has been very strong as part of our consumer business for the last two quarters. Now, I think that’s part of the work from home, learn from home and play from home too. The interesting thing that’s happening there is that not just the PC space, where some of the interesting titles are getting, the maps are getting bigger and bigger, but also the refreshes that are coming in the consoles, which we’re tremendously excited about, we’ve been talking to this customer for quite some time about. It says that consoles are going to get bigger, faster, more powerful. experience is going to be awesome. We’re very supportive of that. I think, when it comes to porting information from the old generation to the new generation, we think that we have a tremendously relevant role to play there. And then helping the architecture of a lot better performance and a lot higher capacity, we have a lot to offer there as well. So, we’re super-excited to always happen. Admittedly, I’ve heard people talk about this segment before and not really know where it’s going. And so maybe, say to come to the wrong conclusions that’s starting to become a little bit more obvious as people are going through these transitions. But we’re super-excited about gaming, obviously, and I think it’s a representative of what’s going to happen to the edge over the next five years. Data has to get bigger, faster to be able to satisfy all the applications. And we believe this is kind of one of the lead dogs on that hunt. And so we’re very active in participating in it.
Dave Mosley: Yes. like we said, we’ve said in the prepared remarks that we’ve done some strategic – the time when the market was relatively low. We wanted to make sure we didn’t get into any situations, where we had any losses in our factories, because we couldn’t get parts and a lot of suppliers, I think, we need to appreciate that a lot of suppliers and sub-suppliers were having issues in their supply chain, because of COVID and things like that. We didn’t want to get into any of that. So, we pulled a little extra inventory and we’ll bleed that out over the next couple of quarters via COVID.
Dave Mosley: Yes. Just referencing our past authorizations. Our last one is in October of 2018, by the way it phases-off of our October board meetings that’s part of our process to address these things, the dividends as well. The last one was $2.3 billion of new authorization in October of 2018. The previous one before that was April of 2015, I think we – to your point, we had $1.2 billion left, we wanted a little bit more flexibility there, so we look out over the long-term and make those decisions.
Dave Mosley: Well I think we’ll flow through more next year, I think we’re just in the tier point, we’re in the – still in the throes of having factories that are underutilized and moving a lot of capacity from some of the legacy markets which are under representative into mass capacity. We just can’t do that, that fast. But – so we’ve got a little bit of overhang where we just been through. But I have confidence that we’ll fill up the factories with the right product after that and be able to get solidly back into our margin range.
Dave Mosley: Yes. For those organic gross margins, we’d be in a range, I think based on the full utilization, if you will. You know we focus more on operating margin, and we’ve been tending towards the high end of our range. The reason we’re at the low end of our range right now really is, to your point, it’s the gross margin issue with the under absorption of the factories. But I think, we’ll continue to manage the operating margin range to try to get back to the high end of our range as quickly as we can. It’ll happen as a function of the footprint that we need from an OpEx perspective, which we benefit from no travel and everything else, everybody else – everyone else is talking about just spending control, but also the gross margin that you’re asking about.
Dave Mosley: Yes, Mehdi, it is. I mean especially APAC I’m not sure – I’d say especially APAC, because I think it’s picking up around the world. But it was so underrepresented around the world the quarter before, because to our point before nobody could get back on-prem. Surveillance came back quite nicely, we reacted well to it. Some of that we were predicting, and some of that we had to react to it. So there is recovery in every market, some markets are recovering faster than our projection, some are not as fast as our projections. But we had such confidence, especially later in the quarter, that’s why we – kind of we’re communicating that. And surveillance was a strong part of it.
Dave Mosley: Yes. I don’t look at it as alienating simply, because there really isn’t an object store that’s designed specifically for mass capacity. So many object stores – they’re fantastic object-stores that are out there. Some of them are very proprietary, others have come and gone. But a lot of them have been progressed for many other reasons, not just mass capacity. And so we’re the ones designing the drives, we’re the ones designing this object-store, we’re opening up the community, so other people can help us. And that we’ve been getting great response for the community. So thanks for pointing it out. I look at it as a great opportunity for mass capacity storage, whether it’s on-prem or in a cloud or something like that, and we want partnerships. And we think of that tailored to all the features that we need for our drives, whether it’s MACH.2 drives or HAMR drives or any other features that we want to get developed. And I think this will be the fastest route to market, the fastest – the best TCL proposition for people using it. And then we’re open to any partnership with anyone, I don’t think it’s going to be a threat anyway.
Dave Mosley: Yes. It’s a good question. And what inning are we in, it’s kind of hard to say, because we’re going to have to wait a little bit longer until we see the recovery out of COVID of all the representative markets. But it’s exactly the way we’re thinking about it, what you described, before we could have said, these markets will transition according to some game plan, these legacy markets will go out in five years or four years or whatever we were expecting, there is been some changes to that, because of COVID, we either have to know to get back on that curve or maybe that curve is a permanent downshift, and then we can transition with practice or making that investment. And I think the key point is that from our perspective in the industry, I think everybody’s going to have to go through this relative footprint. And we like our chances relative to that, we’re just telling you that we’ll probably be below art 6% to 8% range that we would have talk about in that Analyst Day, because of the impact of COVID.
Dave Mosley: Yes. We’ve never really done that before. I mean, we’ve been very focused on the growth market of mass capacity, and now that it’s surpassed legacy significantly, I think that’s the growth drivers. The legacy markets, to be very frank, we’re still studying them, because like I said, things like consumer were maybe ahead of where we thought they would be because of COVID and other markets may be under represented.
Dave Mosley: It’s a very complex question, it’s a very good question, it’s something that we struggle with as well, there is many different types of applications. There is not just one kind of cloud service provider, one kind of application, one kind of drive, if you will. So from our perspective, the investments that the cloud customers are making depend upon all these different strategies they might have, from our perspective, we had a great portfolio lineup, we can transition from products in our factory and from one customer to another, given enough lead time, and we have good relationships with all those customers. So I do think that there is some things in the cloud depending on where you are geographically, where there are logistics challenges to grow. I mean we said this a little bit last quarter, you can’t build data centers or you can’t get people on-prem to build them. So there are priorities being made for service level agreements, where people in the cloud may have real strain on them at the front end with compute or networking or something like that. And that may push off some of the mass capacity in install, we’re working with customers on that too. So we know the demand is coming, we just have to make sure we’re tight with the customers about what they need exactly.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Jason. Seagate continues to execute well through the current business environment. We’re very encouraged by the improvements that we’re seeing in some of the end markets and then we expect gradual recovery throughout this fiscal year. Longer-term, we see no change to the secular growth in mass capacity data. And we’re very excited by the opportunities that we can foresee ahead. I’d like to once again thank all of our customers, suppliers, business partners and our employees for their ongoing support of Seagate. Thanks, everyone for joining us today.
Gianluca Romano: Hi Karl, like you said, it’s a new platform out there in the world, and so we’re going to introduce it this quarter. And we’ll be watching the customers that we are qualified with, which is pretty highly competitive. So, we don’t talk about that, but we’ll watch the performance and dial that knob accordingly. I would say that until -- to your point until we get to 24-terabyte, there’s not really a compelling transition, and so we have to keep continue working that drive, and we will work that over the course of the next calendar year.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. Thanks, Katy. I’ll take the gross profit and gross margin points first. We do still have some COVID overhang, and then obviously last quarter, factories were relatively empty compared to what we can do from a demand perspective. So, we’re pivoting some of the capacity over from some of the legacy markets that are still challenged and into the mass capacity, exactly to your point. So, over the course of many quarters, we will see that recovery in gross margins if that helps you think about it. I’m very confident of the product portfolio that we have. It’s just a matter of re-equilibrating all the supply again – or the demand against our existing supply.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. And maybe before answering to the capital allocation and share buyback, we said that last quarter and even the quarter before that calendar 2020 was going to be impacted by the additional cost of COVID in terms of gross margin and operating margin. So, we think that when the COVID situation will improveour gross margin, because of our mix and because of the reduction of the COVID costs, we will start to improve. So, we expect some improvement in the second part of the fiscal year. In terms of share buybacks this quarter, as you know, we discussed that even during the last earnings release, during COVID, we want to be a little bit more conservative in terms of cash preservation. But the board authorization, it is a more strategic and long-term authorization, it is not something for the very short-term. We will think about how to use and how to maximize the impact of this new authorization and with Dave, we will decide in the next weeks and months.
Gianluca Romano: And I know you’ve seen from our guidance in the current quarter and how we guided the full fiscal year. Now, we expect this quarter and the next couple of quarters to be a strong quarter, so we don’t want to be limited by one component or two components. So, we decided to beat a little bit of strategic inventory, but we will use in the next two or three quarters.
Gianluca Romano: Well, we’re talking about as our capacity volume. And we also informed to stay to above the nearline. So, I would say the difference between the two is mainly video and image application.
Gianluca Romano: I would say for this calendar year, 16-terabytes is for sure the leading product in high capacity and we expect that in kind of 2021 to transition more and more to 18-terabytes. And then as you know, we are developing the fourth generation and the second generation of HAMR, that will take a little bit longer time to transition, but we think we have a very stronger roadmap.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. When we talk about the COVID costs and the impact, we just communicate the direct impact. And I bet a lot of other negative impacts that we have, for example, the underutilization that Dave is mentioning, is not for sure including what we communicated at COVID impact in total, so that is more parts of it. So we think in the next two or three quarters debt will improve. And this is also aligned to our CapEx discussion that we just said. So we expect gross margin and operating margin, which is more important to us to improve in the next two or three quarters hopefully.
Gianluca Romano: The last quarter before COVID impact, we were actually above our long-term range of 13% to 16% in terms of operating margin. So the mix today is even slightly better, I would say, in term of profitability. So expect to go back to that level and even higher than that, when the pandemic impact will start to decline and go away.
Gianluca Romano: June quarter was a record quarter for cloud. September was not at the same level, but was very healthy, and we expect December quarter to be still very strong.
