Patrick O’Malley: Sherri, our model has been – I think Steve gave all the elements to it. I wouldn't expect a major change in your operating expense. Though, given the taxes, I won't discount your model – on the margin may be slightly different but I think you're using the right data elements.
Patrick O’Malley: It's the second. That's what I'm saying, the bigger opportunity obviously for us is, as we transition our new products, that's obviously when: one, those are designed as cost-reduced products to begin with; and then of course, as you ramp volume and yield, you have the opportunity to obviously to move down price groups, that notwithstanding. Apparently, we have work to do in the quarter on our current cost of supplies as well.
Patrick O’Malley: It's akin to what we talked about a couple of years ago where we called the desktop transition, for example, quarter-over-quarter in these calls, we would tell you how much of the products have transitioned. To Steve's point, we won't begin that until probably late second or third calendar quarter.
Patrick O’Malley: We generally manage our channel in a tight range, so we feel fairly comfortable with where that is as Steve and Dave both eluded. We actually slowed down our push into the end of December, channel inventory in Asia-Pac, to manage it as opposed to going after our pricing to maintain our discipline, our supply chain management. But we've monitored that and we feel that the channel level's appropriate. Could it come down? Obviously, its run lower but we don't think it's in a danger zone that would impact our ability to manage that channel reasonably well. On the OEMs, many of them have hubs in front of them [ph] and we monitor that very closely. So that part, we feel very comfortable. Now they're holding it on the back end. Don't really get all that visibility, but we do get signals from our OEMs, and as Steve said, they're cautious, but we're tied into their supply chain, and we work that fairly aggressively with them. So if folks are holding excess inventory, there’s going to be issued an in marginal manifested, but from our standpoint, we keep a pretty tight eye on what they have or believe they have and stay very close to them to make sure we're lined up with them.
Patrick O’Malley: I think our models 6% to 8% is still intact. That's how we try to manage the business. And obviously with some of the lack of visibility Steve talked about, we'll be a little tighter on that, but we'll certainly monitor to grow where appropriate but we're keeping in that range of 6% to 8% – is still our model.
Steve Luczo: I think it's too early to say, really. I mean, I think there's a lot of variability around calendar 2011 that runs probably in a few different vectors. One clearly is when and if and how strong the consumer demand picks up, and I think that's just a function of overall economic environment. I think the refresh cycle that's occurring in the enterprise has the potential for remaining at the pace today or potentially accelerating. You know, we're seeing strength in the enterprise market, and we have, and it seems to be building. So I just think depending on how those things play out through the summer, it's just hard to make a call here in January what 2011 looks like, given the dynamics at the macro level that are still present in the world. I think the way I think about it is visibility has probably gotten better, but most of the OEMs are still – they're pretty nervous and if they see any sort of slowdown, they pretty much cut back on the supply chain quickly. So I think until we get a lot more confidence that there's a sustained recovery, it's really hard to make a 2011 projection. And right now, we would probably look more towards the Gartners of the world and see what they're saying and probably play our planning off of that.
Steve Luczo: Well, I think clearly, the experience that we've had with the devices to date has been very favorable, ahead of expectations, the interest by a wide breadth of OEMs is fairly substantial, and that goes in a wide variety of devices, whether or not it's notebook or desktop or even tablet or even external. So I think the issue around delivering performance that has kind of SSD performance but just drive cost and capacity is a pretty compelling proposition. And I think the second generations of products that we'll be launching in the future will probably close that gap substantially and maybe even have it be at parity. What's interesting about hybrids is you can actually get performance that exceeds SSD with cooperation on the OS level or system level with some of the hardware or systems companies, and that's starting to develop as well. So I think longer-term, Rich, you're going to see that in five years or seven years or something like that, probably more than 80% of our products are going to be some form of hybrid drive. And that, by the way, isn't just driven by a need for the user experience but there's a lot of advantages from an aerial density perspective that have us pursuing that technology as well.
Steve Luczo: Well, I think the trick on hybrid, which once you start using these systems and integrating them, it's not as simple as obviously as just putting a piece of silicon between the DRAM and the HDD. There's a lot of work that has to do with how you manage what happens with the flash and how data's handled between the various levels of caching in the drive. And frankly, you've been in the system as we get into this with some people that control OSs or at more of the system level. So we've been at this for a few years. So while I would expect our competition will likely introduce some sort of product to take advantage of the performance attributes of hybrid, we feel pretty good about our technical lead right now. So I don't know that we see a big competitive threat on the horizon. On the other hand, I'll tell you that we're approaching this market in a way that makes it attractive for our customers to utilize the technology, because as I said, there's lots of advantages from an aerial density perspective as well. So point being that there's not markup on top of markup in terms of the cost associated with these drives. It's basically an opportunity for us to just increase the user experience as opposed to expanding overall margin.
Steve Luczo: I'll let Dave talk to that. Again, we kind of pointed out that we seem to feel it mostly in Asia. And I'll let kind of Dave talk to it and in the channel.
Steve Luczo: But either all our products, all our products will at least be in qualification. All our new products by that time and the vast majority will be in volume shipments by the fourth quarter of '11.
Steve Luczo: I think how we're thinking of it is it feels more front-end loaded because we don't have a lot of post-Chinese New Year's visibility. Whether or not it ends up being front-end loaded or not, hard to say, right? But right now, I would say, it feels more front-end loaded.
Steve Luczo: Yes, it's a good question. I'm going to let Dave answer, but I think what we've seen in the last couple of quarters, we feel pretty good about in terms of the transition, I would say, to SAS, I think versus SATA. And I'll let Dave talk to it but we're encouraged by the trends because SAS obviously is an interface where we have a lot of expertise.
Steve Luczo: Sure, I think in terms of how much leverage, I mean, obviously, it's a function of outlook and performance and so on and so forth. But I think $1 billion in cash is what we feel is more than adequate to have on hand to run the business and whether actually, not just short-term downturns or probably even longer than the short-term downturn. I think in terms of the debt level that the company can carry, I think there's no question that the company, at today's interest rates, that the company could carry $3 billion to $4 billion of debt, depending on maturity structure. And so I think – today we’re at $2.9 billion with $560 million coming due in November of next year. It means we have debt capacity if we feel that the debt markets are attractive and if we can finance it in a way that we don't have a wall of debt. So the issue that we ran into in 2008, when we stopped our dividend and scrambled pretty hard was really more a function, not really of our view on long-term cash flow as much as there was just big slugs of debt coming due in very short periods of time. Obviously, done against a backdrop of not a lot of liquidity debt or equity in the world. Today, I think we've done a lot of work over the last two years to restructure the balance sheet. I mentioned the maturities extend every two years starting in 2014. There's no massive wall of debt. The debt markets certainly are healthy. I learned that through our privatization exercise. And I think we feel good about being able to manage what we have and opportunistically doing more if we feel like we have to.
Steve Luczo: Well, I've been doing a lot of work on this, and it just seems again, if you believe that the company has the ability to consistently generate cash flow, which if you look at us over the last five or 10 years, on any kind of quarter-to-quarter or rolling four quarter basis, I mean, the company generates a lot of cash through, by the way, a couple of pretty hairy downturns and a couple of acquisitions that ate up a lot of capital. And a lot of what it seems that investors are asking for is that if companies have free cash flow that is consistent even against their investments that they need to make in capital and technology, that some decent percentage of that we should probably return to shareholders, and that's what we're investigating. What is the current research saying? It kind of gets somewhere between 25% and 50% of free cash flow is what shareholders would like to see returned. We're not saying that we're going to come out at the high-end of that range, but I think this is under consideration and I know I mentioned it in the call, and we feel pretty confident that we can return to shareholders in various ways. Whether or not it comes in a dividend or not, we're not prepared to state just yet, but it's certainly on the table and we think it's an attractive alternative.
Steve Luczo: No, I mean, I think there could be. I think the point is we feel that we have a lot of usable cash. We have the capacity to raise money through the debt markets and we generate cash. So I don't think we're limiting any alternative that we have strategically. Whether or not that's investing in the company or acquiring other technologies, it's just that I think that when you take all that into consideration, there's still the potential for return to shareholders. That being said, I guess that's all I'm saying then.
Steve Luczo: Maybe to state it a little clearer with respect to the OEMs, and we don't see an OEM situation of some millions of units of PCs of excess inventory. We don't see that.
Steve Luczo: Yes, I think that the analyst community just has to take a hard look at what happened last summer still in terms of the quarter-to-quarter price takedowns and what that would've been relative to “more typical price takedowns. ” So that even if you have things flattening, if you have them flattening after three quarters of 6% versus 3%, you're still fighting an uphill battle and against the backdrop of no new products really that the industry is offering. So against the TAM that's flat and no new products, it's just tough to be looking at share gains. People should obviously be managing their P&Ls to keep their factories as full as possible, watch capital, and it's going to – until we get to the next set of products, it's going to be tough to see big margin expansion.
Steve Luczo: It's a really good question, and it's kind of one of the reasons that I said the industry is, I guess, it has marginal excess capacity. I think that there's probably too much focus on an assumed drive capacity by the industry as opposed to what's really going on at the component level. And when you think about, at least, our experience of 30% increase in average capacity of drives shipped, that means a lot of heads and disk had to go into that. And so to your point, a lot of capacity is being utilized at the component level. And if we have a continuation of that type of capacity growth against even some marginal end demand growth in units, it's going to strain, I think, the component area quicker than people probably have modeled.
Steve Luczo: I mean, I think just in general, I think we started talking about it in the fall quarter or even maybe a touch even in the June quarter that we saw a pick up as the commercial refresh expanded into the server market and storage. And we're starting to see more evidence of it even on the client side, both desktop and notebook. And there just seems to be no indication right now that, that's slowing down, or if anything, maybe budgets are getting a little freer on the IT side, and people are starting to do kind of full company deployment of new assets under IT infrastructure.
Steve Luczo: I think that is a fair way to look at it, and where the vast majority of that erosion comes from on the margin impression, really is almost all prices falling into the bottom line as we have very limited ability to continue to mix up. We mix up very strong already and also cost takedowns. As Steve said, we'll continue to push that and see what we can get out of that, but that's the large vast majority, over 2/3 of the compression.
Steve Luczo: Aaron, we didn't step back from it. I think the competitive dynamics is about the same as it has been for the prior couple of quarters. I think if you go back all the way to the front of last year, we had some competitive stumbles that caused us to be way above profile. I think we're kind of at profile right now. Again, the products are getting – the entire products that, not just the Seagate products, but the entire products that are getting longer than the two that need these refreshes.
Steve Luczo: I think we've been pretty consistent saying that we think our enterprise market share our – given the nature of our customer base and our product offering, is probably in the 58% to 62% range. And if it gets way above that, it's usually because of an execution issue on behalf of our competitors. And if it gets way below that, it's probably an execution issue on us. So we feel that we're kind of in our range, and we might even argue – there's a lot of confusion about what the right TAM was for mission-critical enterprise’s last quarter. So I think we still feel we're in the 60% range and we feel comfortable in that range. Okay, I'd like to thank our employees for their ongoing commitment and hard work, and also of course, our customers, our suppliers and our partners for their ongoing support and confidence in Seagate. Thank you all for joining us on the call today, and we look forward to speaking with you next quarter.
William Mosley: Yes, I'd say the vast majority of these additional support costs relate to certain customers with whom we have long-term supply arrangements and who are not satisfied with performance of a limited portion of a drive family shipped over two years ago, when we've accrued for these costs associated with this issue and it's all focused on keeping that high level of customer support. So that's why we're fairly confident as Steve said in his comments about it being contained in the last quarter.
William Mosley: Yes, I'd say that first of all, October and November were fairly strong. Seasonally, we could get into arguments about calendar Q4 and how they usually end relative to the next calendar Q1. But what I would say is that our view is the channel continued to move fairly well in the Americas and in EMEA. But in the Asia-Pacific region, the channel slowed down. And I don't think that's long-term demand but I do think there's some temporary issues that people are getting through in that region around Chinese New Year and how much do we have to build around some competitive positioning, not just in hard drives but in other components as well. And I think the industry is going to have to get through that with a, frankly, larger than what we would desire inventory in the channel in Asia. It may blow through in three weeks. It may take a little bit longer than that, but there's certainly that uncertainty now. We're less exposed to that because of our OEM share than maybe some other people, but it's certainly something that we noticed started in early December. I don't think it's long-term demand in Asia. I mean, you've got to subscribe to a really different thesis if you think that this goes out six to nine months in APAC demand.
William Mosley: Yes, not until the second half of 2011. We're in qualification in a lot of the portfolio right now, and that continues through the first six months of this year. But in terms of starting to really ramp across the portfolio, it's really the second half of the calendar year. Again, it's kind of Seagate's strength is the ability to really ramp across an entire portfolio that expands all the markets that we do. Some of it comes now, some of it comes in the June quarter, but until it's really hitting on all cylinders, it's the second half of the year.
William Mosley: It really depends on which product we're talking about, Mark. This is Dave, by the way. I would say broadly in enterprise and business-critical, the answer to your question is yes, the polls are very strong. I think as we go into notebook, there are other dynamics up against building out – and by the way, Chinese New Year's is three weeks earlier than it was last year, relative to the quarter. So we have to watch those dynamics as people do builds and then, frankly, line changeovers during the time that the downtime in Chinese New Year, if you will. There's a lot of dynamics around that. I think notebooks' probably less predictable there. And the PS OEM poll rates are about what we expected. So January's coming in at the same predictable clip, I'll say, with one caveat on the upside and one caveat to watch for.
William Mosley: I mean, obviously, we led Fibre Channel, we led SAS, we led the 2.5-inch transition from 3.5-inch and so we have this history of leading products in the enterprise. I feel really good about the diversity of our portfolio and that's needed, I think, to play across a large scale in the enterprise, not just form factor or interface, but also spin speed and things like this. Relative to SATA versus SAS, I would say that people get confused by the quality of service of the drive, the expectations of the end user, not just the interface so there's a lot of people that see the difference on the spec sheet of the interface but they need to see what are the expectations for the drives and its duty cycle, if you will, over a long period out in the field and that's something to watch out for. We feel pretty good about our portfolio right now. We think we're launching leading products all the way across the portfolio, 15K, 10K products. We feel really good about our business-critical offerings as well in 2.5 and 3.5 on SAS already, there's other people who've announced, but we're basically the only person shipping SAS in large volume across business-critical. So it's not to discount any competition, but we know we've made the investments and we feel really good about the new products we're launching.
William Mosley: Clearly, it has muted from where it's been so that's the good news. And I think that lines up with the supply and demand getting better, but obviously, it's on the backdrop of two heavier than usual pricing quarters in front of us that's typically slower. It goes back to Steve's comment of, you still have marginal [ph] pressure where raw materials and not being able aggressively to cost out, but it has muted down and it's probably a seasonal average.
William Mosley: I'd say that as we go through year-end budgets, the spend was based on 2010 budgets, and now, we've got a good look into the new year of what 2011 IT budgets are, for what that's going to be for enterprise systems and so on. I think on the PC side, the notebook side, the commercial refresh there as we've commented before, it's always ongoing to some extent. There's ancillary data out there that says it's accelerating, and I think everyone likes to believe that because the new systems are compelling price points and capabilities with the operating system refreshes and so on, and a lot of people are running on older PCs, but I would say quantitatively, it's really hard to pin that one, the PC one down in particular. We hear the same ancillary data that other people do.
William Mosley: Maybe just stated this a different way, that outlook is with a view of not a lot of takedowns in cost of supplies and not a view of continued mix-up in capacity. If even one of those things happen then obviously, then that would change the margin structure.
Keith Bachman: Pat, could you comment on the inventory levels that you guys think is out there, both at the channel as well as the OEMs? I know the OEMs is a bit murky but I just want to get your thoughts there, particularly against some of the comments that WD made last night and I have follow-ups, please.
Keith Bachman: And how about – I don't think you talked about what your pricing considerations are or your anticipated pricing for the March quarter, and I just want to get your thoughts there.
Keith Bachman: Can I sneak in one more just on CapEx. Pat, is how should we be thinking about it? Usually, you guys provide some ranges of CapEx. I just wanted to hear your thoughts, if not for the first half of the year, maybe just for the March quarter.
