Stephen J. Luczo: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. On the call with me are Pat O'Malley our Chief Financial Officer, Bob Whitmore our Chief Technology Officer and Head of R&D and Manufacturing Operations, and Dave Mosley, Head of Sales and Product Line Management.  The strong operational and development performance for our fiscal first quarter returned us to profitability ahead of schedule. The results exceeded our expectations at the beginning of the quarter and were positive relative to what we outlined in our preannouncement on September 22nd. Throughout the quarter we experienced improving demand across our end markets, despite a macroeconomic environment that remains challenging.  We believe that our strong operating and financial results reflect our continued focus on operational excellence and reestablishing our time to market leadership and key product offerings. We remain focused on leading in technology and manufacturing and optimizing our broad product portfolio for profitability. As we've discussed previously, our market strategy is to pursue quality of share, optimizing the product portfolio and manufacturing capacity for profitability and return on invested capital as opposed to simply pursuing unit volume share. We achieved revenue of $2.66 billion which is at the high end of our revised expectations for the quarter and we more than doubled our net income year over year, despite the difficult economic conditions. We are also pleased with our operating cash flow of $278 million during the quarter and with reducing our debt by $685 million during the fiscal year. We achieved gross margin of 24.5% as we successfully transitioned to our new products in the notebook and desktop markets and realized efficient capacity utilization throughout our manufacturing infrastructure. Importantly, we were able to achieve this margin even though the mission critical enterprise space has not returned to historical levels. For reference, mission critical enterprise drive shipments for the industry were 24.9 million units for the first nine months of calendar 2008 versus 18.2 million units for the same period of calendar 2009. We are expecting this market to gradually improve in a December quarter, however, we are prepared from a product offering, capacity planning, and supply chain perspective to respond to more meaningful growth if necessary.  Additionally, while not included in our TAM outlook or longer-term planning as of now, we believe that the Windows 7 transition is increasingly likely to result in a replacement cycle that has the potential to accelerate growth for PCs in calendar year 2010. In light of the overall demand for storage over the last few quarters, the disk drive industry appears to be more resilient to the current macroeconomic slowdown than many others impacted by the global downturn. As such, looking ahead, we estimate the TAM for the December quarter to be between 153-160 million units. Should the TAM reach the high end of this range or beyond, we believe it may be difficult for the industry to fully respond to these demand levels due to potential component constraints.  During the last three fiscal years, Seagate has invested $2.5 billion of capital throughout its manufacturing and development infrastructure, over two thirds of which was investing heads in media capacity and technology.  These investments in our key underlying technologies have allowed Seagate to meet increases in customer demand in the near term with relatively low additional capital investment. Given our breadth of product offerings and customer relationships, we have unique visibility to this demand which we view as a competitive advantage as it relates to future products, capacity, and capital investment. While we anticipate making capacity additions thoughtfully in the coming quarters, our objective remains to maintain a balance of supply and demand while optimizing our production volumes and product mix to meet customer needs.  With that let me turn the call over to Dave to discuss specific market dynamics in fiscal Q1 and going into fiscal Q2.
Stephen J. Luczo: Yeah. And I think the other thing is that from a planning perspective, I think the industry obviously is pretty cognizant of what happened a year ago December. So speaking about seasonality of December quarter versus September quarter and December quarter to March quarter I think hopefully is something we can return to. I guess we'll learn this year whether or not we can, but obviously last December things looked great up until the first week of December and then with the slowdown that really occurred in many other sectors that started six or seven months before that. It really impacted the technology industry late in the quarter.  So I think we also have to be cognizant of that and plan conservatively in case the summer isn't a three month quarter. If it is then I would say your comments are more accurate and then there's the question of whether or not the industry can respond to that. A lot of that will have will have to do with linearity and pulls through the quarter so we're obviously keeping a close eye on it.
Stephen J. Luczo: I think the inventory levels are managed appropriately. We have visibility to our jet hubs, but we have no indications that there is buildup of demand at the OEMs.
Stephen J. Luczo: Well, we wouldn't talk to our specific supply strategy, but from a glass perspective, we feel comfortable with our supplies.
Stephen J. Luczo: Yeah. A gain, Rich, what I was trying to point out in my comments, given our position in the industry and the breadth of our product portfolio and the breadth of our customer mix, we actually think that's highly competitive in information. So I don't think we can give you a whole lot more guidance other than, as you point out, if the industry grows at double digit rates for 2010 relative to what we've told you about where we're at now and where we think the industry is out, it would mean deploying capital prudently, and deepening on lead times that could occur early in the year and throughout the year.Richard Kugele – Needham & Company: Okay. Then I guess just lastly from a much more recent quarter balance sheet perspective, virtually every category of your inventory from a raw material perspective and a finished goods perspective is dramatically less than it's been over the past couple of years.  How were you able to really do that to be able to hit the kind of unit numbers you've been able to do, is your supply chain just a little bit more streamlined or are you just effectively managing your factories that much better to have, in some cases, a 50% reduction? It was a pretty material number, that's why I asked.
Stephen J. Luczo: I think there's a few things. I mean, one is we've spoken to linearity so the customer linearity has been significantly different than any time in the 20 years I've been in the industry and I think we talked to this a couple of quarters ago that maybe one of the good things that came out of the pulling out of so much credit is that companies aren't tearing as much inventory and they're ordering products sooner in and flowing revenue more evenly throughout a quarter, which of course if you're a high volume manufacturer it makes a big difference. I think second thing is with respect to Seagate relative to where we're at in the beginning of the year versus now is just the mix of products that was in the factories. It was a pretty complicated mix with several variations and generations earlier in the year and because of the success of the new products we've basically been able to transition to a much narrower set, if you will, in both the notebook and desktop segment as well as the new enterprise class products. So our factories are running, I would say a lot more efficiently because the product set is a lot less complicated.  And then thirdly, yeah, I do think we have excellent relationships in the supply chain. Obviously some of those are internally controlled and some of those are significant external relationships that we've had and we've continued to, I think, improve in that front.Richard Kugele – Needham & Company: Okay. Actually I have one last question. When it comes to the fiscal 2010 guidance, just a clarification, you are saying that the $2.20, that does not include the rapid recovery and enterprise or a corporate refresh of PCs.
Stephen J. Luczo: Well, I guess I'm not sure that I could validate the raising prices comment. I don't think we've raised prices. I think supply and demand have been relatively in balance, and I think the industry obviously from a revenue perspective took a pretty big hit in the December quarter and I think the industry basically pulled back on capital pretty dramatically to make supply and demand come into the balance. You got to remember, we were probably off by 25 million units on a TAM of 125 million units in the December quarter so that was a lot of excess inventory that was basically priced to sell and that impacted pricing for a number of quarters. So I think for most of our customer base at this point, they're more concerned about availability of supply and obviously we always have to be competitive in terms of the value that we attach to the product that we're selling and most of our customers can be pretty pleased at this point, I think, to get the products they're getting and getting them when they need them.
Stephen J. Luczo: I wouldn't characterize it as a weakness. As a matter of fact I pointed to the quarter over quarter growth before, but I would say, Mark, that the right way to look at it is what was the original baseline? We talked about this for the last couple of quarters which was the refresh rate of either IT systems or enterprise systems hit a baseline when the economy went down and it slowly climbed back out of that and hasn't gotten all the way back to the previous levels. We actually do anticipate some growth like we said. It'll be up sequentially this time and there is some pent up demand, we believe. So forecasting that going out is rather difficult, but I don't think it's a replacement rate with SATA versus SAS or fiber channel right now.
Stephen J. Luczo: Yeah. I think the shift is coming in a year ago when we sat a $300 million number is when we were thinking about sub $2 billion revenue numbers. And again, how do we have a business model that is setup to be running below $2 billion in revenues, how do we still maintain cash flow and profitability? And we restructured the company pretty aggressively to get to that point and in doing so we kind of targeted a sub $300 million per quarter OpEx number.  I think two calls ago we indicated that in a more stable environment, obviously you want to be investing in underlying technologies, particularly in storage. I mean there's so many shifts occurring in terms of the deployment of storage across so many application sets, whether or not it's cloud based or mobility or Windows 7 or netbooks, notebooks — the way we really think of it is how do we get to an operating expense model of 10%-12%, an operating contribution model anywhere from 10%-14% or higher depending on gross margins.  So I think the net net is if you looked at the model three or four years ago versus now, what we're trying to do is produce one that has an operating contribution that is probably a couple of points higher than where we used to operate as a long-term model. So still obviously active management on OpEx, but we want to obviously make sure we're investing for some of these future opportunities that we think are pretty significant.
Stephen J. Luczo: It depends on what we're putting in place. That's the key and I think that's why this is much more complicated because it's not just even Seagate — we have to work with our supply chain as well.
Stephen J. Luczo: Yeah. Again, I think our supply relationships run pretty long and pretty deep and we feel pretty good about where we're positioned in terms of our supply base and that means with respect to quality, quantity, availability, and price. I think to comment anything beyond that again would kind of betray the trust that you have with our suppliers and you need to ask them directly.
Stephen J. Luczo: Well, I think the DVR market, like we said, where we have a lot of well established customer relationships, has performed like I said stronger in most inside of this economic recovery. The gaming market, to your point, I don’t know why you’d say relatively speaking we’re better than everyone else because we haven’t participated as much as we did historically in that market.
Stephen J. Luczo: Yeah. I mean, again, I don’t want to speak for our customers because it’s easy enough for you guys just to get it straight from their mouths. But I think what we have said as P&R modeling that we provided for you, we don’t have built into their big refresh cycle being driven by Windows 7.  And on the other side of that, I would say that the anecdotal evidence that we’re getting, which of course for us would be second hand, maybe first hand if it’s from distributors that are starting to address the Windows 7 market. We’re certainly getting more indication that Windows 7 will be a more positive impact to the PC refresh cycle than maybe has been previously predicted.
Stephen J. Luczo: I think the industry ended inventory levels low, maybe even very low. I think the customers’ inventory levels are low, maybe even very low. I think if the December quarter plays out as a solid booking through December we’ll be exiting the year with very low inventories.
Stephen J. Luczo: I mean, it could be again, yeah. March quarter’s always – that’s what we’re trying to say. I mean, the March quarter is an interesting quarter if you look at it over the last 15 or 20 years. It can be slightly down, slightly up, flat.  But I think your point is if this is against exiting within inventories and strong demand through December against a general economic environment that's improving, then yes, we could see the March TAM be up from December. And then you have the issues with respect to capacity that we think would be pretty significant in terms of the industry continuing to chase that.
Stephen J. Luczo: Okay. I just want to thank everyone for calling us today. And obviously thank all our shareholders for their support as well and we look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Thank you.
Patrick J. O'Malley: Let me take that, this is Pat. Number one, as we talked about the TAM, we believe at a certain level — that over 160 there may be supply constraints. I think the industry will work its best to hit any upside that may occur there, but also given the linearity and the needs of our OEMs and distributors throughout the quarter, going over 160 million may be a challenge. So I think what you are getting there is a big of an industry, and maybe Seagate at a certain level constraint, that may not be able to respond to all actions.
Patrick J. O'Malley: Well, obviously the product mix of the old and new is the key driver. It has been the key driver since we've been shedding the old products to the new starting with the lull of March and continuing. We wound up well over 80% of the new products, so obviously that leverage is getting diminished as we go to 100%, but it's certainly been a key driver. The element that can't be discounted is the overall TAM which is, as Steve talked about, not just our factories being more efficient with the products, but they're being highly utilized. So our factories are probably at the highest level of utilization.  So if you look what are going to be the drives in the future, obviously we haven't talked about an enterprise. We still have opportunities in yields in these new products that will be driving us into next quarter and beyond, some of the new enterprise products that will be in issue, and just the normal cost reduction. So we still feel there's tailwind into the margin structure, but obviously we've captured a lot of that, we captured it earlier, and it's been primarily to the products and where the factories are. So I think that's how we would look at it going forward. And as I characterized it, there is an enterprise refresh, PC refresh, obviously there's some opportunity there, but we're not planning on that right now.
Patrick J. O'Malley: So I think we're comfortable with the debt level where it is. I mean, obviously reducing the debt where we have in addition to generating the cash and seeing what the company can do in terms of cash generation certainly gives us a lot more confidence than how we were 10 months ago. However, I think as we've stated before, longer term we can see the debt level more in the $1.6-$1.7 billion range is probably the right amount of leverage for the company given the lessons of the last 18-24 months. And we'd probably just continue to go ahead and deal with that through cash generation from operations.
Patrick J. O'Malley: I wouldn't say it's not possible. Obviously I think we have some things to do on that, Jayson, and we continue to look at those. Like I said, our return of profitability sort of accelerates some growth in there that we'd look to long term offset a vast majority of that. I don't have a timeline to give you, but we'll certainly update you on that as we progress. But I think the way to even look at it, Jayson, which sort of ties that 300 as the business gets the $3 billion again, we'd like to run our OpEx somewhere in the 10%-12% range.
Patrick J. O'Malley: We think we still have some leverage to take some of that out, but as Steve mentioned, we certainly have a lot of options on other areas to deploy OpEx dollars, especially in the R&D that we continue to look at. And as Steve said, we're really focused on an operating margin to deliver 10%-14%. So we'll make those tradeoffs in between margin and OpEx, but clearly if the 335 is probably fair to model for the short term — but we certainly will look to optimize whether taking some out, but reinvesting some of those dollars.
Patrick J. O'Malley: The supply chain is a lot narrower and we want to respect the confidentiality with our supply chain as well.
Patrick J. O'Malley: Yeah. Again, I think you pointed out the reason why we really can't comment on it. I mean, there are so many variables between what happens if there's a big refresh cycle after 7, what happens if there's a pickup in enterprise Mission-Critical, what happens if supply and demand are constrained, and what the competitive situation is in terms of their ability to ramp products, to introduce new products, and to ramp yield. I think it's definitely a different environment I guess is what we can say the last nine or 10 months and I think we're highly focused on just addressing what our customers need and helping them achieve their revenue plans right now.
Patrick J. O'Malley: Yeah, I think Aaron, the CE markets have held in there. They’re not back to the same levels that they were at one year back. But to your point, I think the DVR and gaming markets — our perception of them, we don’t participate as fully as we might at once done in the gaming markets. But I think in the DVR and the gaming markets both the volume is – you could pretty much figure out from the delta between our TAM guidance and the desktop notebook and enterprise and then the overall TAM guidance what the delta is. And there’s some portable — some 1.8 inch markets that are still represented. And I think there not zero. They’re not at the historical levels that they were a year ago. But they’re maybe been, I’ll say, 70%-80% of what they were before.
Patrick J. O'Malley: Yeah. The September quarter was one of our better quarters from a linearity perspective. It goes back to the comments that Steve made earlier. You know, I think that’s indicative of supply and demand being in balance and how the customer base are reacting — the entire supply chain, inbound and outbound, are reacting in light of the macroeconomics. So, September was a very good quarter. I won’t comment on this quarter.
Patrick J. O'Malley: Well, right now, we’re just using the 520, I mean, we don’t want to really get into predicting what the share price would do. But, obviously, we do have options out there that are above the price we’re at today. So they will go into the calculation for that. But I think we’ve taken the largest portion of that dilution through this rebound. But there’d still be some level of dilution with those options that are underwater today that were – if the stock were to continue to accrue. But I would use the 520 because that’s how we’re using for modeling purposes.
