William David Mosley: Yes, I can. I think as a relative percentage of revenue, Steven, we’d be about the same level that we were last year. I don't really see any reason in today's economy to be ticking it up if we -- we're through most of the product transitions. We've still got some technology transitions going on that force us to buy new capital, but we won't be adding significant capacity with the economy where it is right now. So that's the way I'd characterize it.
William David Mosley: Well, I think you said it, Steve. The only thing I'd add, Rich, is that it's not just about the velocity, but it's also about foreseeing the demand and making it as predictable as possible just so we make sure we have the right product [ph] in the right place versus flowing out to hubs and having too much there. So from a quantifications [ph] perspective, we're not nearly for the models, the various models that we had before. There are some hubs that are open but specifically for some customers, there's reasons why we haven't opened the hubs and we're still having a really successful model develop after the flood: velocity and this demand predictability and fulfillment predictability.
William David Mosley: Kind of a good way to think about it is that maybe in the past it would have been largely in hubs, and now it's largely close to the backdoors of our factory.
Patrick J. O’Malley: Yes, and I -- and so Dave, if I could add to that. I mean actually, we looked at our historical model of 6% to 8% capital. We've talked about taking it below that, and we'd be below that range for next year with the outlook that Steve gave. So we're monitoring it very tightly. And as Dave said, he could position it if there's need for growth. But he's -- we're down much lower.
Patrick J. O’Malley: Yes. And then the gross margin, obviously, as Steve talked, there is pricing, and we view it as relatively benign. But there is pricing. But the upside, as Steve said, using the pricing that we are to mix up in all product categories, whether it's enterprise, mixing up the capacity, clients, et cetera. But the other piece is that with the enterprise share loss last quarter because of the issue, we're regaining it. And I -- it's not that we're not we're regaining it, it's just not at our historical levels. So that certainly gives us opportunity for the next quarter. And the last piece would be now that these products are ramping pretty significantly, we're getting the cost efficiencies that will probably continue for a couple more quarters through the factories. So we got those tailwinds behind us. And of course, the one that -- why we put it near to the 30% and we're not talking how close is that there are macro concerns that we're just going to be very partial about. But our goal is to exceed what we're putting out there, but we're also being very cautious. So I think we have some good tailwinds behind us that we're looking forward to harvest.
Patrick J. O’Malley: Well, I mean the way we look at this first step function, Joe, is we -- I think we've effectively executed what the board authorized us to redeem the ordinary shares out there. And we did that in a fairly effective manner with the tools given to us. And so we take a look at -- just from a year-over-year with 100 million shares out, clearly the step-up is not a -- more of a significant cash outflow, just representing the existing cash flow we would have given and a commitment to where we believe the valuation could be underpinned with the ongoing cash flow. So that's step 1. And step 2, we'll continue to monitor -- as Steve said in the script, we'll continue to look at enhancing shareholder value through redemptions and dividends. And so this one was more of a step function because of what we've executed in the last year and our conviction going forward.
Stephen J. Luczo: Yes. I've always liked more market share. I'm not sure what you mean by comfortable. But we believe that the market shares that are in the industry today -- look, we've talked for a while about a 43-43-14 or 40-40 -- 42-42-16 kind of split between Seagate, Western Digital and Toshiba, with Hitachi and Samsung obviously still operating as either fully or semiautonomous units at Seagate and WD. So 45-42, could those shift by about a point or 2? Yes, but I mean, I still think that that's the general market share splits. And on the 66 million units, the 1 million units of lost enterprise isn't a huge market share issue. Obviously in terms of revenues and profits, it was very difficult. But yes I think overall, that's where the market will sell out.
Stephen J. Luczo: Yes, pricing has remained relatively benign. I think the issues that you have to think about are mix more maybe than pricing and how mix relates to pricing and AUP. So with the pricing overall being relatively high compared to pre-flood, a lot of the OEMs have mixed down in order to preserve the budgets that they have going towards storage. So it's one of the factors that we're still learning a lot about in terms of what happens with different price moves at different capacity points and how does that result in volume changes and how does that result in AUP changes. So price erosion is one measure, but AUP is another. And so we try and think about AUPs that aren't hopefully falling at very high rates. And of course, one of the ways you can prevent AUPs from falling is by having mix up. So those are what we're continuing to model with our customers in order to kind of help them achieve what they're trying to achieve is also maintaining a -- the benign -- kind of the benign environment we have. I mean, it's fairly consistent with the outlook that was given by WD also in light of, I think, a September quarter that right now is a little bit vague from the OEM perspective. So we want to make sure that we're cautious in terms of what the OEMs are seeing. And I guess we'll hear more about that in a month or so when 2 of the biggest OEMs report.
Stephen J. Luczo: Yes, so the -- to answer the first part first, yes, we feel -- like I said in the script, I mean, we feel good about the approach we're taking for a market that today hasn't been terribly attractive from a profit perspective. And we've kind of consistently said that in the enterprise, we view this as a 2015 market where we want to be significantly engaged, and I feel like we're still on that path. Our work with Samsung has really progressed very, very well. We feel very good about the performance of the controller that we developed with them, and we're getting really quite good feedback from the test beds that we run, which we run at kind of enterprise HDD grade, which is quite a bit more stressful than what a lot of the SSD companies run. So I do feel good about the path that we're on. And our path, like I said, is really leveraging our customer relationships, leveraging a lot of what we know about enterprise-class storage and enterprise workloads and then complementing that with significant technology. So if there's technologies out there that we feel are going to be important going forward, then that's something we investigate typically in a partnership manner, as we've done so far. DensBits, I think, is a -- is really an indication of what I would say next, next generation. It's really about a controller technology that has the potential for significantly reducing the overall cost of the flash in both enterprise and client applications. And we're hard at work with them. We haven't disclosed yet when we expect to deliver a jointly developed technology, but we'd probably be talking to that more specifically in the September analyst meeting. But we feel very, very good about what we've been able to achieve, both with the investment and technically where we think we can go with DensBits.
Stephen J. Luczo: Yes. Yes, I think what I said was assuming market conditions and company performance similar to what we're experiencing today.
Stephen J. Luczo: Yes, thanks, Rob. One, Samsung, just quickly, operationally, we were integrated really at the end of December. So the March quarter, we were up. From an operations perspective, we were fully integrated. From a sales perspective, it's a separate entity. So everything that's revolved around the customer interaction, product planning, order, pricing, commitments, road maps, that's all a separate team. And that would continue to be in place under the requirements of ModCom [ph] through at least December this year, depending on whether or not the -- our agreement with ModCom [ph] terminates at that time or not. So it's integrated as much as we can, and it's operating well. And we don't break out separately the unit volumes of the Samsung product line. On your question on hybrid and flash cache modules, I mean, not to discredit any other great technology companies, we believe there are certain performance advantages to a real hybrid device. And we still believe that that's got some performance characteristics, both in terms of endurance and absolute performance that are better than other alternatives. But my guess is that yeah, it’s a world where you'll see lots of different implementations of how flash presents itself in a system, even with people calling things hybrid drives that maybe we wouldn't call a hybrid drive, i.e., you could stick some flash in between the DRAM and a rotating disk and call it a hybrid, but if you don't have the algorithms that we've developed over those 3 or 4 years to optimize one in how you cache both on a rotating media as well as on the silicon and your error correction code n, n, n -- there is going to be a lot of different flavors out here. So again for us, I think the benchmark that we've tried to establish in our portfolio, whether or not it's on the client side or in the enterprise side is maintaining or bettering HDD performance, which is a technology that is robust and is step -- is standing the test of time on workloads. And I think it's one of the biggest challenges of flash, obviously, is write performance and write endurance, especially as you get to small and linear density or newer technologies that have to be compute grade. It's one thing to dump something down on a memory stick, and it's another to be really maintaining your corporate data in it. So that's where we think we bring a lot of value-add to the equation. So yes, so I think there will be all sorts of different versions, not just 3, but we're primarily focused on hybrid and full SSD along with HDD at this point.
Stephen J. Luczo: Okay, Keith. Well, let's just say -- I was just going to say no, but I'll -- but since you said in the December quarter -- look, I think it's -- you're on the point, which is that the industry, I think, has to be very cautious about maintaining supply-demand balance this quarter, particularly in light of the macroeconomic conditions, potential issues around our fiscal cliff and then weighing that against an opportunity in the December quarter that we're actually pretty bullish on, primarily driven by Windows 8. So it's just something that we're going to watch very closely and probably going into the quarter fairly conservatively in terms of build and inventory management. Again, I think it's important to recognize that in the case of Seagate, I'm not saying that it's not the case in WD, it's just not my position to talk to them, we're really running full on now with all of our new technology transitions, so -- across the portfolio, the products that we're building are products that we'll be building for a couple of years at least.
Stephen J. Luczo: And therefore, the management of the inventory is important, but we never kind of feel bad that we're stuck with some "stale technology or stale products." So it's something we're watching closely. Where do I think people are? I think it's hard to say right now. It's -- the June quarter is always a tough quarter, and then you flow into July and August which are slow, and then September usually is very strong. So I think it's just something that we have to keep an active engagement with our customers on and make sure that neither us at the component level or they at the systems level get too out of balance. And obviously, we have our vested interests in doing that.
Stephen J. Luczo: Yes. I mean, again, I don't know if it’s any different than what the other industry competitor has said. So -- but mix have -- I mean, average capacity per drive's flattened in the December quarter and the March quarter. They picked up in the June quarter. And so thus far this quarter, the average capacity per drive does seem to be improving. So I think it's really an issue of where does ASP end up. Where does TAM end up, to your point? How much inventory rebalancing is there? And again, we want to be conservative. If it turns out that the TAMs are bigger or the inventories are going to be replenished, then we can easily chase upside. That's not to say [indiscernible] chase upside than it is to reduce outflow once you build it.
Stephen J. Luczo: No, it doesn't worry me in light of the macro conditions that we're in and in light of maybe what some delayed purchases around Windows. I think that the kind of 5% to 7% unit growth number that industry analysts are putting out there seems to be the right number for how the world feels right now. You could be here the third week of September and things could be a lot better or a lot worse depending on what's going on with the macro conditions. But I'd say right now, growth is probably a good thing and period [ph] relative to what a lot of other companies and industries are facing. So -- and the fact that September is down seems pretty -- flat seems pretty consistent with what most technology companies are saying, which is they feel like it's a bit of a roll, but they're still fairly confident about December and the first half of 2013. So now, obviously flat relative to what a normal September would be, you could argue is down 5% or 7%, right? I think that's a reflection of what we're reading in the newspaper every day. It's not like there's a lot of great structural decisions being made by the leaders of the world. So maybe when those people start getting their act together, then we can get some better growth.
Stephen J. Luczo: Well, I don't think -- again, Rich, if -- the type of hybrid drive we're talking about no, we don't think that there's anything competitively in the marketplace just because of the amount of time that we've spent developing the technology around our hybrid drives. It's been going on for 4 or 5 years really. And in terms of the OEMs, since we've had OEMs that have asked us for exclusivity, I would say that it would be really obnoxious for them to ask for exclusivity but require redundancy. So I think we'll probably get over that heartache. The performance on these drives and certain attributes that certain segments require is pretty impressive given the dollar investment relative to pure SSD. So it's a pretty exciting opportunity, and I think people will feel quite comfortable. Probably half of our portfolio, we're the only company that provides right now. So it's not like we're not sole sourced through a lot of our customers in the enterprise. Most of the small form factor SAS products we're really the only supplier of right now. So that's something that they're pretty comfortable with.
Stephen J. Luczo: Yes, I'll let Pat answer the gross margin question. I think what we said was revenues of at least $17 billion, not $17 billion. So if I stumbled over those words sometimes, since I seem to stumble over a few in the script, I apologize. So it's revenues of at least $17 billion if December plays out the way we think. Do you want...
Stephen J. Luczo: Yes, no, it's just as we finally had product to address the channel away from the OEMs to bring it [indiscernible], it's just giving us, like I said, the ability to kind of start shipping more typically there. So they were pretty constrained, obviously, in the 2 prior quarters to that.
Stephen J. Luczo: Yes. I mean I think 60%, I think that number is still the right number it is. And we do have LTAs that extend into calendar year 2013. There may be even some that go beyond that. So yes, you should expect that that’d be due.
Stephen J. Luczo: Well, as you ramp the technology, typically your newer technologies have lower cost at yield. So the further down or the further up the volume curve you are, then the further ahead in the race you are on getting to the lower cost. And so we feel that whether or not it's the 1 terabyte per disk on the 3.5 or the 500-gigabyte on the 2.5 or the host of products on the enterprise, those are just good technology points to be on in order -- as Pat said, as we ramp those and we pick up yield, which means we lower cost.
Stephen J. Luczo: No, I don't know about that because I don't run my competitor's business, but it should say that as we continue to ramp our volumes, we get a positive gross margin impact from the increased volume that we get from the new products. And so we're on the front end of that ramp. And usually, once you get on to that ramp, you get some nice gross margin accretion for a couple or 3 quarters.
Stephen J. Luczo: But I think I was pretty clear that the intent of the board is to continue to increase the dividend in a meaningful manner, prudently assuming that business conditions and operating performance are as strong as they are right now and that there's a balance between how we handle that between buyback and dividends. And we're well aware of all the various constituencies and lobbying about which one of those deserve priority. But at 3x cash flow, I think everyone's -- or 4x cash flow or wherever the company's trading right now, it makes sense, obviously, to reduce the equity base and then continue to increase dividends in, as I said, in a meaningful way. So that's the plan. And I think in September, we'll probably be a little more descriptive in terms of how we view our payout ratio, if you will, and how we split that between dividends and buyback. But again, it's a dynamic situation that's driven primarily as a function of company performance and valuation metrics. We're not ignoring either one of them. We think that they're both important to enhance the value of shareholders. That's primarily driven, obviously, by our operating performance. And we're going to continue to have an active dialogue and hopefully strike a balance that satisfies both classes of investors that like to see a smaller share base and those that like to see a bigger dividend. And we honestly think we can do both, and I think we've shown that we can do both. So we'll stay on the path as long as the operating performance is there. Okay, great. So with that, I think again, on behalf of the entire management team, I want to thank our employees, our customers, partners, suppliers and shareholders for your support and your commitment, and we look forward to speaking with you next quarter. Thanks a lot.
