Dave Mosley: Thanks, Gianluca. We are operating in a longer than typical cycle, and I'm very proud of our team's shared determination and resilience. We've continued to drive our financial, operational and innovation priorities, which is evident by the actions we've discussed today. We are focusing our tactical business decisions on free cash flow generation. We are strengthening our balance sheet through debt restructuring actions. And we are executing on our mass capacity product roadmap to address future data growth. Signs of recovery has started to emerge as we look past the end of calendar 2023 and as industry conditions improve Seagate is ready to capitalize. We are a stronger, more efficient company with a technology roadmap that extends our areal density leadership, positioning Seagate to deliver enhanced value, to our customers and shareholders. Thanks to all of our stakeholders for your ongoing support of Seagate. Operator, lets open up the call for questions.
Dave Mosley: Thanks for the question, Erik. Yes, we were coming off the back of a number that was almost 80% in one year. So to your point, back in the last Analyst Day, the 30, the mid-30s was feeling pretty good for us given all the data growth that we know is happening. And then we've gone through these current events. I'll say that we're all seeing. Look, to your point about linearity, I don't think it's a very linear function. I think there, it can be very choppy. Up one year down the next, it can be. As we look out three to five years now, I would temper that somewhat and say in the mid-20s is probably good modeling range. But we will see probably more growth from time-to-time. I do think that given the move of that happened in the middle of the pandemic of data into data centers for -- enterprise applications that were being run in data centers. I think that data is still going to grow in those data centers. So we're not at peak data center growth. And then you lather on top of all these new applications that will be, really sped up with features like AI and generative AI on top of them, I think that there's a, there's a big healthy demand growth coming. 25% would be healthy for any kind of CAGR that's going to go out for three to five years or a decade or something like that. So we think there's healthy demand growth, but I do think it will -- it won't be linear. There are both periods of, big growth and then there will be periods of digestion as well. We'll continue to see this as the economy flutters.
Dave Mosley: Yeah. Interesting. I can take a crack at that. So relative to qualification, we are prioritizing customers, not necessarily the easiest customers first, sometimes they can be more difficult challenging customers, but, we're staying very tight with customers, and we're trying to make sure that every of the initial drives that we build has a home. Make sure that we as we bring on more qualifications, like we talked about in our prepared remarks that we will make sure that we have the supply that's adequate for those because I do think there will be a strong demand. What we're showing customers right now exactly to your point on the value proposition is a projection for what their TCO benefits will be. Part of that's the acquisition cost of the drive itself. Part of it's the power and floor space improvements that they'll get as we model TCO with some of them. So I do think that there's going to be a big push for the higher capacities, just like there always has been in our industry. And I think this is going to be one of the biggest jump scenario density that we've done in the last five years. So the healthy growth is right ahead of us. We are filling the lines with -- the wafer lines with HAMR parts. And we expect to see volume shipments in the millions of drives next year, next calendar year. You know, it'll all time out based on when the qualifications are, but the parts are coming.
Dave Mosley: Very good. Thanks. Yeah, I think as we are giving predictability on what products that we have in our pipeline, the customers are likewise giving more predictability on what they will need out there in time. So I would say if you look at two years ago, the demand was quite strong. And then we entered into this period about six quarters ago now where some customers were saying we really don't need very much and we're going to make allocations of what we've already got in our data centers last for another year or something like that. The entire industry has been suffering through that. It's very hard to run factories like that. And so that's why we gone out and said, okay, let's get predictable. What we're showing -- the numbers we're showing for customers right now in these long term forecast for, build to order are nothing compared to the volumes of where we were at two years ago. They're much smaller. But I think the customers are showing us predictability and then asking us for upside on top of that. So it gets into a really interesting discussion about what's the true demand. And exactly to your point, you know, I think it'll help us get through the back of this period. But then I think ultimately, we're not satisfying true demand when the -- because of the growth of data is still large. 25% CAGR is still very, very large. And so, we're trying to make sure that we start the parts that ultimately will get paid for and showing people exactly what we have in process for them. And they're trying desperately to show us a more predictable schedule that we can all manage better for better economics on both sides ourselves and our customers.
Dave Mosley: Yeah. As we said before, Karl, we're bringing on multiple customers right now. So we've already shipped qualification units out to multiple customers. I won't talk about them in particular. The HAMR reliability metrics will be identical to the reliability metrics of traditional drives. So there's really no change there, and there's no change in the power either. I mean, the people have pointed to the laser subsystem and things like that. Yeah, there’s some very small changes according to that, but we're also working power down in normal course on these products. I think one thing important to realize about the family is that the mechanical and electrical design points of the of the 2.4 terabyte per platter drive that we just announced are very similar to the 3 terabytes per drive, nodes or even beyond that, we should get into the mid 3 terabytes per disk drives. With those same parts. So same electronics, same mechanics. So there's really no change in power. There's no change in reliability expectations either.
Dave Mosley: Yeah. I don't really think flash has much to do with it. It's more, what I'll call on prem traditional enterprise applications. And thankfully, that space has not been as bad as we thought it was at the back of the year. It's not nearly as cyclical as what the cloud has been in this recent cycle. But it was down year over year. And I think it will recover over time as well because I think on prem enterprise should benefit from all the growth of data. And in many cases, you can't move the data off-site or into the cloud. It's just either too massive or you've got regulatory requirements or sovereignty requirements and you want to keep multiple copies anyway. So I do think on prem enterprise should have a good recovery at some point. And we're happy with the systems business and our penetration into multiple accounts on that front to recover when the on prem enterprise business does recover.
Dave Mosley: And, Tim, just I would add, remember that it's not just about the highest capacity point, although that drop does drive a lot of heads and media in our factories. It's also about mid-range, if you will, capacity points like 20 terabytes or 24 terabytes again or those the areal density enables us to go address those capacity points with improved cost structure.
Dave Mosley: Yeah. It's actually an interesting question. So we do have some customers that are embracing the predictability. And there are reasons for that, maybe some of it is because they have burned through their inventory completely. And so they know that they're going to be buying. I think there are customers who are not leaning into, multiple years just yet. For various reasons, they make procurement decisions all the time and so do we. Right? Everybody has to make these tough decisions. But, you know, generally speaking, I think it's giving us better visibility, at least at the lower rate that the industry now runs because remember, the industry just doesn't have the money to speculatively start a bunch of products right now. We have to make sure that what we do start that the suppliers are going to get paid for and so on. I think the model is generally working out pretty well. And as we show higher value, like the 3 plus terabyte per disk capacity points. And then the 4 plus terabyte per disk capacity point, I think people will want to make sure that they can take advantage of that TCO proposition we put out in front of them. So, I anticipate it'll pick up steam. We are still doing things that are two quarters or four quarters or something like that. And so you know, there's negotiations and everything. And I can be frustrated by that. But as those negotiations continue on, I think we will continue to make sure that we write the industry and ourselves our suppliers so that we can at least get back to a point where returning value to everyone so we can keep investing in the industry. I think that's an important point. That's one of the reasons we've done this.
Dave Mosley: Yeah. I would say all of the above as time marches on, our teams make progress against the yield targets, the reliability targets, and the qualifications progress, and we can see when we have more and more certainty we get towards the end of the qualification. So all of those things are factoring into to our confidence. And I think, we'll continue to update everyone going forward exactly how this is going. Remember that we're also starting into qualification with this 2.4 terabyte per platter, which, again, I made the point before it's almost the same box. And so, we have a PMR outlet for those same parts and we're driving the vendors to that commonality, most of the vendors, the lion's share, the vendors have common parts through these two platforms. So, we can drive that much more volume in and predictably get people paid and things like that.
Dave Mosley: Yeah, Tom. Thanks. I think we're still on the same plan that we talked about last quarter. It's a gradual uptick. So, we're watching the inventory being depleted. We're seeing new orders come in. I think the one variable would be maybe some of the global cloud customers, not the US cloud customers, maybe some of the global cloud customers given some of the economic issues that we have in various parts of the world. But generally speaking, we're still on the same plan and we'll see a gradual uptick rather than a hockey stick.
Dave Mosley: And sorry, just to be clear, we are also going through product transitions. Right? So as we may raise price on one of the older products and then there's a -- the customer can offset some of those increases by a better TCO proposition in the next drive. And we can go work the cost on that. So the mix plays a role and the customers can see the TCO benefit they're incentivized for that.
Dave Mosley: Right. Thanks. You're right. It is a tough environment. I will say that data continues to grow and people want to improve their economics all the time. So, the data centers that exist in the world have an enormous number of hard drives. So we're going to see some, refresh of those for various reasons, power some of them are just aging off. The upgrades are -- can be actually fairly large. If you think about buying a 32 terabyte drive and replacing 4, 8 terabyte drives that may still be in your system. I mean, those are market economical benefits that will ripple through the data centers. And so I do think that in some cases, since data is growing so big, it bucks the trend of what's going on in the macro. I mean, obviously, that everyone's paying attention to the macro. But I do think that, there will still have to be some investments to make, and there will also be opportunities to go save cost with some of the new products that we have coming. And we've also been through the cycle on the early side already of already the inventories being depleted around the world. So, there's not that massive inventory bubble out there anymore.
Dave Mosley: Well, I think that tightness is actually kind of interesting because, like we said before, the data is growing in the data centers. We all know that. You know the amount of data being generated is growing quite quickly. And I think relative to the hard drive industry, quickly reacting to anything right now because of some of the damage been done in the supply chain and just some of the, frankly, the lead times that exist on current parts, especially at the highest capacity points, there's not as much flex as there used to be. And so I think, we may see -- we may enter into an environment where people say, okay, I see the economics of upgrading part of my fleet here now. Let's go ahead and do it. It'll save me power. It'll save me space. It'll allow me to answer the call for the data that's growing. And then once they get their orders in, we'll say, well, the lead time is x and that might be the challenge. So that's how I think things may get tight and it'll manifest itself. I don't know exactly when, but I certainly think that we could get into a situation like that just simply because the hard drive industry does not have the immediate capacity games that it used to.
Dave Mosley: That’s right. But that's exactly why we're addressing the customer base with these built to order models, because we -- I think we're in some sense, we're helping the customers get a predictable financial outcome and if they can give us at least some predictable visibility.
Dave Mosley: Yeah, Mark. I think it's really hard to quantify just yet, but there's a lot of stuff going on in, I'll say big data around AI. You know, you've got people pointing Chief Data Officers now to be able to track where is the data, what's its value, might we want to retain that just in case that we end up with some tools that are allowing us to monetize it or understand more about our processes, so on and so forth with customer base, factories. So my personal opinion is we're in the early innings of a move from throwing data away to keeping some of it longer term for the benefits of the corporations. And I do think that a lot of that will be edge. I don't think all of it will end up in a cloud. I think a lot of it will actually be on the edge. And so this is something we were tracking very carefully. I don't think it's really manifested itself just yet. I think people are using some of the new application capabilities, that are being branded AI applications. To get to know them and understand them. And I certainly, like things like generative AI, which I believe is kind of a new user interface, if you will, that will allow the applications to be used much more efficiently and maybe queries to be made of these applications much more efficiently, but I think we're still in the early innings. And I think once it does latch, we're going to know that data and the longevity of that data and the integrity of that data is all critical. And so I think that's good for us.
Dave Mosley: I think we'll probably stay inside of our existing range, 4% to 6% of revenue. But we are -- since the revenue is so far down, we are very mindful of the spending. However, we can see the tools that we need to bring HAMR up according to a certain pace. And as soon as if the pace is quickens we will get there as quickly as we possibly can. So, we understand what the recipe is and we understand what's needed to make a recipe really well, and we'll spend accordingly.
Dave Mosley: Yeah. We're not going to guide that, but I will say that, we'll be very aggressive. When we talked about 4 terabytes per disc and the and cost optimization of these platforms and things like that. I mean, this is something the hard drive industry has been doing for years and years, decades. Right? So, we know how to do these transitions. We are very confident in technology. And we look to be very aggressive there. The wafer lead times are also quite long. So, we're already starting on this journey because we're already in wafer and so we're populating the wafer fabs with the parts that will support it.
Dave Mosley: Yes. I do think that the inventory has been depleted now to levels that if you think about the complexity of all the data centers of the world and how much material needs to be parked out of them in front of them for replacements and then what the data growth is in the data center, I think the inventory levels have come down to a point where we feel comfortable now that people are going to get back to more predictable buying patterns.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Andre. As you heard today, Seagate remains focused on our key priorities including executing our leading technology roadmap which we believe positions us to to enhance profitability over the near term and to capture long term opportunities for mass capacity storage. I'll close by once again thanking all of our shareholders for their ongoing support of Seagate. Thanks for joining us today. And we look forward to speaking with you during the quarter.
Gianluca Romano: Hey. Good morning, Aaron. Thank you for the question. Yes our guidance for December quarter is, of course, implying an improvement in gross margin. It is not coming from underutilization. We think, underutilization will be fairly flat, with the September quarter. But it's coming from, of course, there's a pricing actions that we are taking, and we have already started in the prior quarter. And a better cost structure. No part of improvement is for sure coming from the full impact of their restructuring plan that we started in the prior quarter. So now we start seeing the full impact in our cost structure. So those are the major drivers for the improvement in gross margin. Then now we will continue to improve our structure and we think our revenue will continue also to increase sequentially. Now to go back to the let's say the 30% gross margin. No, we think we need to have a revenue that is lower than the prior peak. We think at least 20% lower. So we can achieve that level of profitability with a much lower rate.
Gianluca Romano: Yeah. No. As Dave said before, no, HAMR will strongly increase our capacity per drive. And that will for sure improve our gross margin. It will, no, it will be accretive to our gross margin since the beginning. But, of course, when we go to 3, 4, 5 terabyte per drive, you will see even a bigger improvement. Now we think we'll start our HAMR revenue fairly strongly in the first six months of the calendar 24. Now we think we have about a million unit as opportunity to be solved. That will help. Of course, as every time you go into a new technology and new product, we could have a little bit lower yield, and that could limit in the first quarter or two. The improvement to the gross margin, but we see gross margin improving sequentially.
Gianluca Romano: Yeah. I think for the current fiscal year and probably the calendar 24, is not very probable that we can double the exabyte, but we think we will grow sequentially in all those quarters.
Gianluca Romano: Yeah. I will not say that pricing is the only thing, driving the gross margin up, actually the cost side is very important. We have the full impact of all the restructuring plan that we executed in the prior quarter that are now going into our COGS. Of course, also in our OpEx. OpEx could be a little bit higher, but not much higher. So we are talking about few million dollar higher. So, I would say both pricing and cost should go in the right direction to improve our gross margin sequentially.
Gianluca Romano: Yeah. We expect to have a underutilization cost also in calendar Q1 and calendar Q2. Probably little bit, could be lower than what we have in December, of course, but, of course, the volume that we are producing is still little bit below what we had installed in at the top of the cycle before.
