Stephen Luczo: Thank you. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us today. On the call with me are Pat O'Malley, our Chief Financial Officer; Bob Whitmore our Chief Technology Officer and Head of R&D and Manufacturing Operations and Dave Mosley, Head of Sales and Product Line Management.  Over the course of calendar year 2009 the technology industry has improved faster than the broader economy and the storage sector has outperformed almost every other sector in technology. As a result the demand for storage continued to accelerate throughout the calendar year. Given Seagate’s breadth of product line we have been able to adjust our production schedules to meet this accelerating demand for storage as the global recovery broadens.  Our strong performance in our second fiscal quarter was influenced by many factors that allowed us to deliver financial results that far exceeded our guidance at the beginning of the quarter. When we discussed our first fiscal quarter results three months ago we also discussed our approach to planning for the December quarter. We indicated there would be variability in a number of factors that could positively impact the quarter. While two of those assumptions did help us achieve better than expected results we expect the other two variables to provide additional opportunities throughout the calendar year 2010.  First, the demand profile across our entire product line was linear throughout the quarter and we did not experience the dramatic decline during the last two weeks in the quarter as we did in the December 2008 quarter. Second, our assumption for enterprise storage demand proved to be conservative as demand accelerated throughout the quarter. Those two factors positively impacted our results in the December quarter.  Third, we indicated that the Windows 7 refresh would likely accelerate PC demand. We do not believe there was a meaningful refresh cycle reflected in our Q2 results. However, we still expect this to be an opportunity for us throughout this calendar year.  Fourth, we were not planning for a robust economic recovery in the United States or Europe during the quarter. We now expect a broader global economic recovery to occur in the second half of calendar year 2010 and we believe this recovery will result in a higher probability for a broad based commercial refresh of information technology products including storage devices.  Throughout the quarter we continued to have very strong demand for our high capacity, high performance products in both the notebook and desktop markets. In addition the enterprise market experienced the second consecutive quarter of double digit growth. The combination of increases of demand across our portfolio with the stable pricing environment resulted in gross margin of 30.5% and provides strong momentum as we move into calendar year 2010. To the extent these market conditions continue we expect the company to operate above our stated target range for gross margin percentage.  We achieved revenue in the December quarter of $3 billion, a 33% increase year-over-year and a 14% increase sequentially. Net income was $533 million resulting in $1.03 of earnings per share. We also continued to strengthen the balance sheet generating operating cash flow of $753 million and repaying $246 million in debt.  We believe the TAM for the December quarter was approximately 160 million units. At these demand levels the industry experienced constraints throughout the supply chain. As we plan for the March quarter we are assuming muted seasonality with a TAM in a range of between 155 and 160 million units.  Throughout the calendar year we anticipate ongoing component constraints across the supply chain including internally sourced components which we believe will constrain disc drive supply relative to demand. In this environment we expect to make capacity additions although our objectives will continue to be maintaining the balance of supply and demand while optimizing our production volumes and product mix to meet customer needs.  Finally, I want to emphasize that while we are experiencing a robust demand environment and we have a strong product portfolio based on our technology leadership there is still room for improvement at Seagate in all operating, technical and support functions. We remain highly focused on excellence throughout our company and delivering the best products to our customers and achieving strong financial performance for our shareholders.  With that let me turn the call over to Dave to discuss the specific market dynamics for fiscal Q2 and going into fiscal Q3. 
Stephen Luczo: Thanks Pat. Entering calendar year 2010 we believe we are in a strong position from a product, technology and operations standpoint and we are very well positioned for the demand opportunities we expect throughout the remainder of the calendar year.  I want to thank our employees for their continued focus on achieving our goals. I would also like to thank our customers, suppliers and partners for their ongoing support and confidence in Seagate. We are ready to open up the call for questions. 
Stephen Luczo: I think it is hard to say just yet. I think clearly we now have two quarters of enterprise growth that have been pretty strong. We are still not at the historic levels of the mission critical enterprise TAM which I think was about 8.3 million units. Clearly in notebook and desktop and notebook we are above those levels at this point. Another data point is good. That says it is more than just a budget flush.  We expect that the March quarter is showing strength. Certainly I think the bigger point from our perspective and it kind of relates to the prior question is if you ask me do I think the demand for the 2010 calendar year enterprise is going to be substantially above 2009 the answer is yes and we believe that Seagate is going to be able to maintain or even perhaps grow share given our portfolio of products. 
Stephen Luczo: I think that is right. And clearly once the large system companies provide more clarity on what they see going on that is a better data point. Certainly the discussions we are having with them over the calendar year 2010 indicates strength over the calendar year. 
Stephen Luczo: I would say if anything our management focus is continuing to get more leverage out of OpEx and continuing to work that number as tightly as we can. So we are not giving up on our OpEx either as a percentage of revenue or even the absolute dollar amount. 
Stephen Luczo: I kind of already went through the specific numbers and what we thought was flat like desktop or what we thought might be down sequentially a little bit. Notebook keep in mind the 2.5 inch market is where some of the gaming devices come from so there will be some supply that doesn’t have to go towards that space in fiscal Q3 that did in Q2. I think we are foreseeing fairly flat TAMs across the boundary here and tight supply chain as well. That is our view of it right now. 
Stephen Luczo: It looks fairly flat. There is a chance it is up a little bit and I think we will continue to watch some of the server and storage shipments that are coming out in the first few weeks. It will be up small single digits though. Traditionally this quarter is seasonally a little down. I think even if it is flat that is atypical. 
Stephen Luczo: What I think it is it is really our portfolio that they are picking from. So how others are doing I guess I could worry about but we are more worried about what we are doing and so hopefully working with our customers and hitting the products they want with our portfolio. 
Stephen Luczo: Obviously gathering cash in this period of time is not the worst thing and trying to recapture some of the debt out in the market may be difficult. So obviously holding a sort of virtual sinking fund would cover the debt maturities we have talked about. About $650 million in debt maturities coming through September 2011. So we first have that foremost and we will certainly want to have cash for that. As cash increases above and beyond that we are always looking at the capital structure and how to best serve our shareholders whether it is through repurchase or dividend. That is really not top of mind right now. Ours is generating the cash first and focusing on making sure our debt structure can be supported by $1.5 billion. 
Stephen Luczo: I think it ties together with some of the questions you heard about capital investment. As we have talked about we like to have some of the capital linear to get ready for that potential up ramp in September. So you have really two dynamics that could positively affect you. One, as you have talked about we have a refresh cycle that gets done, an inventory refresh in March or carried in June. That is one element. The second element of it is you are going to have to maybe carry some inventory into the September quarter as you build up and install your capacity base so you have that capacity and support online.  So depending on how well you bring that capital in or how it could be provided the industry may have to carry some inventory out in the June quarter. 
Stephen Luczo: I will tag team on the first one and hand it to Bob on the deal improvements and your second question. Obviously on the pricing environment with the technology portfolio leadership we certainly have some leverage on that where we could provide value but as long as the supply/demand stays in relative imbalance whether you call it flat or benign pricing should be maintained whether it is the March quarter or the June quarter. 
Stephen Luczo: But you probably don’t have the upstream supply chain to make it all work. I think if the demand profile is above the 650-670 range it is going to be really difficult for the industry to respond to that. 
Stephen Luczo: I won’t speak specifically but what I will say is this, the early samples that we have shipped out have been very well received. Pleasantly surprised I would say relative to the tradeoffs we have made in reliability, performance, cost and capacity. Of course you know about the right endurance challenges that these drives have. I think we are engineering with that in mind foremost to make sure it meets enterprise reliability grades.  The SAS offerings will be later this year. I think we will continue to develop exactly what the customer’s need timing wise and need for launching their systems. So that is what we are really focused on right now.   
Stephen Luczo: Our OEMs are always very tough to negotiate with on the price side. That hasn’t changed. We respond to that by having a very broad portfolio which allows us to create value for our company by the broadness of our portfolio which no other company really has and we don’t expect will have for a number of years. They are tough negotiations but I would caveat that again though in the current supply/demand situation most of our large OEM customers are highly focused on availability of supply particularly with our product leadership across the portfolio but especially in the enterprise space. So the discussions clearly have focused on ability of supply and obviously we meet the cost targets they need to drive the revenues they are trying to achieve as well. 
Stephen Luczo: I think in both spots. I think we executed well in the quarter and we have a nice portfolio but the reality is we are kind of running at stride now and the question is how do you extend that. Whether or not it is as you say OpEx leverage or improving yields faster in the factory. There is obviously we are concerned about meeting demand. So yielding increases at the component level or the factor level, getting better test times, all that stuff results in us being able to meet customer demand that is in excess of supply right now which we have margin impact as well as obviously operating ratio impact. We believe there is definitely improvement in front of us and that is what we are off to do. 
Stephen Luczo: I would hate to endorse a word like fearful. I would hate to think our customers were going to fear us. Like I said last quarter or even the quarter before. Whenever there is supply/demand imbalance the drive industry really becomes strategic. I think there is something much more fundamental going on here which is with the economic downturn and the reduction that people saw across most every product area in the world, the demand for storage continued to accelerate in terms of capacity and number of units to the tune where 2009 was 100 million units greater than people thought at the beginning of the year. So one I think what people recognize is the demand for compute and the demand for storage in particular is pretty fundamental and I think that has people rethinking their outlook going forward.  Secondly I do think people are realizing that the entire supply chain as it relates to drives has changed dramatically over the last 4-5 years. The companies that obviously have large R&D budgets and the ability to invest in capital and capital equipment that drives R&D and production have scale advantage. I think we are seeing that. I think our customers see that. Then yes, we do have discussions that certainly extend several quarters out about availability of supply. I think it is a fundamental change that our customers are understanding. I don’t think they are afraid of it. I think it is just a new world they are planning to and it obviously helps us in terms of capacity adds and technology roadmaps and things like that. I guess I do believe it is more of a partnership going forward in terms of certainly the very large computer companies. 
Stephen Luczo: I think there is structural change that has been going on for 20 years. Consolidation I think has an implication of a lot of proactive activity. I guess I call it rationalization or that the industry is clearly always laying supply and demand, adequacy of investment and technology leadership wins. I think we are seeing that. I think the second point is probably the even more relevant one and that is the application space has changed so dramatically over the last 20 years. Again this didn’t just happen last week. The compute environment has gone from a glass room to kids with little things in their hands that have 16 or 32 gigs of storage that gets probably backed up three different ways on disc drives.  I think the application set has changed dramatically in both commercial and consumer environments and I think clearly the entire supply chain has changed. Then the technology is getting harder. So if you don’t have big resources to put in advancing the technology you are not going to stay in business. I think that is what has happened and gets termed as consolidation.  Thanks everyone. Thanks for joining us on the call. We look forward to speaking with you next quarter. 
William David Mosley: Thanks Steve. Seagate shipped 49.9 million units during the quarter representing 36% annual growth and 8% sequential growth. We believe the overall industry shipped approximately 160 million units. Linearity held strong from October all the way through the quarter end. The strong demand reflected an intense customer appetite for our notebook and desktop product lines particularly at 500 GB and 1 terabyte capacity points and high performance 7,200 RPM configurations.  In addition we experienced accelerated demand for our 15,000 RPM enterprise products throughout the quarter. These demand conditions resulted in an improved product mix that combined with strong unit demand and improved factory utilization to drive continued margin improvement.  Now I will give some detail on the individual markets. The TAM in the mission critical space for the December quarter was approximately 7.5 million units up 14% quarter-over-quarter and 8% year-over-year. Seagate shipped 4.6 million drives for mission critical server and storage applications during the quarter maintaining its leadership position. Mission critical drive shipments of 3.5 inch 15,000 RPM products were stronger than we anticipated throughout the quarter owing to an improving picture in enterprise storage systems.  Seagate’s portfolio scale and leverage allowed us to efficiently meet these demand increases for our enterprise customers. As with last quarter this represents strong sequential growth and as this market returns to historical levels or greater Seagate as the market leader will benefit. The TAM in the desktop market for the December quarter was approximately 64 million units, up 7% sequentially and 26% year-over-year. We believe we maintained our leadership position in this market shipping 25.1 million units, up 8% from the September quarter.  Seagate clearly leads the industry in component volume shipments of capacity points at or above 500 GB per disc in the desktop market. Over 85% of our desktop products shipping during the December quarter were of this configuration signaling that the product transition we have discussed in our calls for the past three quarters is now complete.  For the March quarter we expect the desktop TAM to be flat sequentially. The overall TAM in the mobile compute space was approximately 71 million units in the December quarter, up 10% sequentially and 53% year-over-year. Seagate shipped 14.8 million units, an increase of 7% sequentially and 95% from the year-ago quarter.  During the quarter Seagate benefited from delivering high capacity and high performance drives, particularly 250 GB per disc products and 7,200 RPM products. Our consumer electronics and retail product lines also took advantage of these capacity points. We expect the TAM in the mobile compute space in the March quarter to be slightly down sequentially.  Now I would like to turn the call over to Bob to provide an update on our operations and product development. 
William David Mosley: Our visibility into our OEM customers and what not is limited to the hubs and we believe that product is getting pulled through fairly well. I don’t think there is an inventory replenishment consideration there. In the channel we are just under four weeks which is pretty typical for us. So I would say there may be some other backlog in smaller channels worldwide that bears watching especially earlier in the quarter here but we don’t see a big inventory imbalance. 
William David Mosley: We can’t really speak to the industry. For us, like I said, I think most of the industry analysts are coming in at you know 650-700 or maybe 650-670 as a tighter range on demand for drives throughout calendar year 2010. That clearly accelerates in the September and December quarter and obviously the industry has no ability today to achieve those types of TAMs in the September and December quarter. If you want to put numbers like 170 or 180 or whatever you have to get to the 650-670.  I think from Seagate’s perspective therefore we are trying to put capital to work that is consistent with that type of growth. I think the equation gets much tougher obviously because while we control a lot of our own destiny, more than any other drive company, there is obviously an upstream supply chain that has to address this as well and I think it is obviously tougher for some of the upstream supply chain companies to maybe put capital to work quite as quickly.  So we still believe throughout calendar year 2010 supply is going to be short of demand throughout the calendar year. We are going to have to work pretty hard to be lined up for September and December. 
William David Mosley: I think there are a few dynamics going on. If you talk about capacity the 1 terabyte capacity point for example it has become very compelling in consumer systems so that draws people to that relative higher capacity. I think performance in some of the notebook systems we are starting to see some compelling notebook performance metrics as well. I think there are a lot of dynamics that are causing these products to be successful and I think those trends will continue as well. 
William David Mosley: That is interesting. The answer to your questions is yes. The servers are expanding and getting faster and I think some of the enterprise customers are starting to provide some really compelling server features that are forcing the refresh there for IT efficiency. On the storage side it is more capacity online and more capacity utilized as well inside the system. So all of those trends are playing well inside the storage space. 
William David Mosley: My sense is there was unmet demand. If you recall, Steve talked a quarter ago about the TAM being about 160 million and that is about what the industry could build. Indeed the TAM was 160 million. My sense is there was some backlog carried into this quarter. Like I said I don’t know how fast that will be replenished so I think we are going to have to watch very carefully and see especially early on in this quarter and kind of get a feel for that. I don’t expect that it will be very much right now but we will continue to watch it. 
William David Mosley: Or conversely more and more some of the customer dialogue we are having is that the customer may carry that inventory to make sure they have it going into the back half of the year because they are worried about availability of supply as well. So that may actually talk to a different dynamic in the June quarter of actual sell out into customers preparing for the back half of the year. 
William David Mosley: It is not second half of calendar 2010 for those capacity points. I think not really relevant to calendar year 2010. 
William David Mosley: I think we believe that we have a very broad portfolio of course and I think we have the right offerings for the customer right now. Obviously we talk about what the customers need in order to hit their goals as well all the time. So with the breadth of our portfolio it is really the way we address the market. I won’t speak specifically…
William David Mosley: Like Bob went through in his section we have in enterprise we just launched two new 600 GB products, one 2.5 inch and 3.5 inch, 10,000 RPM and 15,000 RPM respectively that will be ramping throughout the rest of this calendar year. I think that will be the focus item for the enterprise market. In desktop 1 terabyte and 500 GB will continue to be really strong I think throughout the rest of the year. Then Bob talked about the 2 terabyte products that we are ramping right now. Specifically for business critical applications or cloud applications and also a desktop version of that which is really the next generation capacity point that he mentioned.  Then in the notebook we see strength at 320 GB and 500 GB. I don’t think that is going to markedly change. It might shift a little bit between one and the other but I don’t think maybe to one of the earlier questions I don’t think it will go significantly north of that in calendar year 2010. 
Robert Whitmore: Thanks Dave. Our focus in R&D and operations continues to be in executing time to market, product introductions, staging technology for the future and supplying our customers with products in a robust demand environment. Today I will give an update on products, technology and capital investment.  We continue to have a very high priority on new product execution, customer qualifications and product transitions across our portfolio. The 3.5 inch, 15,000 RPM mission critical enterprise product line continues the transition from a 450 GB product family to a 600 GB product family. We have substantially completed customer qualifications and are increasing to volume production. In addition we have completed development and started qualification of the industry’s first 600 GB 2.5 inch 10,000 RPM mission critical product.  For business critical/cloud applications we continue to ramp the industry’s first 2.5 inch 500 GB drive and customer qualifications have been completed. Qualifications of our 3.5 inch 2 terabyte 7,200 RPM business critical products have been achieved at its selected OEMs and are also entering volume production.  As for our notebook products we proceeded with OEM qualifications and production ramps for our 320 GB per disc product as well as the industry’s first ultra thin 7 mm high notebook product with a number of qualifications complete.  Finally, in the desktop market we continue to focus on yields and output of our widely accepted 500 GB per disc product line. Additionally we have now started to ship our first 667 GB per disc 2 terabyte product into the retail market and will continue to increase production throughout this quarter.  Now I would like to make a few comments on technologies we are staging for future product generations. We continue to invest the appropriate resources and capital throughout the development and manufacturing infrastructure to insure that the technology and product leadership extends well beyond our current offerings. These investments are delivering results that give us increasing confidence in the extension of conventional perpendicular recording to sustain the aerial density growth rate for the next several product generations.  In addition, we continue to invest resources and capital towards technologies that will take us well beyond conventional perpendicular recording. Over the past several quarters we have made considerable progress in demonstrating recording capabilities with several advanced technologies. We believe this positions us well for future product integration. These demonstrations underpin a cost effective, magnetic recording solution that leverages our existing capital and is extendable for the next decade.  Finally I will make a few remarks on capital spending. It is important to note that our total capital investments supports our advancement of technology, production maintenance and increased supply. We believe our baseline capital spend is $450-550 million per year with no increase in drive output. We have aligned our current capital plans with industry analyst forecasts of a 650-670 million unit TAM for calendar year 2010 as well as customer demand for our high performance, high capacity product.  No significant share shifts are assumed in our planning assumptions. Therefore we have raised our fiscal 2010 capital spending to approximately $750 million which we believe maintains a fundamental balance of supply and demand given the mix of our products. Moving forward we will continue to evaluate business requirements and carefully raise or lower our capital investments to the appropriate levels.  In summary our operations and development teams remain focused on delivering time to market products, staging technologies for the future and increasing output and efficiencies throughout the supply chain.  Now I will turn the call over to Pat. 
Robert Whitmore: I think the whole supply chain is kind of undergoing the same thing we are. Pretty much fully utilized. We see that in the finished media area as well as glass sub straight that has been fully utilized for the past several quarters. So we have been working with our supply base and I think they are cautiously adding equipment and capital at the same rate we are. We expect to see some relief sometime this calendar year but we do expect it to be constrained throughout the whole year. 
Robert Whitmore: I think it will be tight. I think people will start to put on capital in the middle of the year and it will ramp throughout the second half of the calendar year but media is definitely top of the list in terms of concerns. 
Patrick O'Malley: No, I think all the catch up spending you see is now baked into our financials whether it is the restoration of salaries, whether it is the reinstatement of variable comp plan, that is all the in the $337 million so the savings above and beyond that is systemic. It is structurally taken out of the business. So if you see an OpEx increase hopefully it will align with where we need to make increased investments whether it is in research and development. We will continue to try and leverage our OpEx at this level with very tactical investments in that area. 
Patrick O'Malley: Given the last caveat, you said all things being equal the answer is yes. But I think that is why we have indicated that even for the June quarter we want to get more data. We are lining up with customers through the calendar year now in terms of availability of supply. So we probably have better visibility than the company ever has, certainly in my two tenures. I think your basic assumptions are right.  In the March quarter obviously it is a function of as we said of some muted seasonality and some variability around Chinese New Year. To the prior question about how much acceleration is in enterprise and does that continue or is it muted. We are still sorting that all out but your general point is I think on target that we would expect to be above that range through the calendar year. 
Patrick O'Malley: I think you hit all the three key elements. They were all there. I think the one element that Seagate really controlled our own destiny on that was our product portfolio. We were clearly able to mix up, and we were clearly able to take more than our fair share of higher capacity, higher value products. So if you look at the normal distribution curve Seagate with the portfolio was able to benefit from going in there and getting that select mix to support our customer needs. That was across all segments and all markets whether it is notebook, enterprise or desktop. We were able to do that across the board. 
Patrick O'Malley: I think there is more pressure on the pricing for sure. We expect to be able to have cost refreshes and take downs to stay constant with that but certainly we will put some pricing pressure back onto the components. 
Patrick O'Malley: [inaudible] where your margin will be down a bit. I think your models are correct with it being down. 
Patrick O'Malley: No it was just booking into our supply chain with our customers. We are very happy with the terms [of 13] and lining up to what the January supply and we felt that was the appropriate level to carry. 
