Stephen Luczo: We'll talk about our capital allocation plan at the strategic update in September.Katy Huberty – Morgan Stanley Equity Research: Okay. Thank you.
Stephen Luczo: I think the key to it being a significant contributor to the P&L revolves around software. I think still to-date, the main inhibitor to that market really achieving its full potential is that the software is difficult to use. And it's an area where we've been making investments and are trying to solve that problem. But to your point, the market is attractive. I want to say, shouldn't guessed at this, but I want to say this is $1 billion market or something like that when you take all the companies that we know and then hear about often and then maybe some of, what goes through integration. I think the difficult part is, what goes through the VAR channel and SI channel that ends up being a NAS product, we lose visibility on things like that. But I do think that this is a substantial market that likes the DAS market as the drive industry started delivering more integrated products with software and hardware that, that's opportunity for us on the NAS side. And again, our distribution channel really knows how to reach into VARs and SIs that have storage expertise, so I do think it's a potential but and so the software gets a little easier to use. I don't think it's going to be as addressable as it probably should be.
Stephen Luczo: I think a lot of that where the real research on the market side, and Jamie can lean on this as well as this line between prosumer to small business to medium business, and which of those segments you are going to be serviced through HTDs through cloud offerings, whether or not it's an AWS-type solution or a hybrid solution where there is local storage as well as some cloud-based storage. : :
Stephen Luczo: Well, on the growth thus far, it's just – we're just using an average capacity for drive across the board, which is – from where it’s been the last several quarters and that’s across all customers. And we are not going to talk about customer specific or market specific.
Stephen Luczo: And when you say retail, Richard, are you talking about branded?Richard Kugele – Needham & Company, LLC:  Yes.
Stephen Luczo: And I think I'll do a quick answer and then I’ll let Dave talk on the operational side, which is really what you asked. But I would say across the customer base globally, there’s a greater degree of confidence about what’s ahead of us for the next four quarters than what I had felt anytime in the last – since the debacle of 2008 September. And we’ve had a couple of starts before as I mentioned on the last call, but this is I think the first time that’s actually sustained itself here at the end of the summer. And I think that’s encouraging and then in terms of the operational side, I think, things just continue to get better in terms of people understanding that as my friend, John Monroe says inventory is not an asset, Velocity is important. And therefore, lean supply chains are where people make money. But I’ll let Dave talk to that because we’ve made a lot of good progress with some of our key customers there. And in that case it has been mostly OEMs.
Stephen Luczo: If we were really short-term focused that would be something we could do. But our thesis is that there will be long-term constraints in the supply of storage versus the demand of storage. And therefore, we believe the partnerships that we have with our head vendors and our disk vendors and other parts vendors will be well served over a longer-term view, where we can more efficiently use our capital and frankly more efficiently use our R&D dollars as we are with some of our partners right now.Monika Garg – Pacific Crest Securities:  All right. Thanks a lot. That’s all from me.
Stephen Luczo: We’re going to talk about the long-term gross margin models in September. I think viewing the company without the acquisitions at this point is irrelevant. I think the trends are, again, that if the fundamental demand is towards higher capacity per drive, subject to a benign relatively, rational pricing environment, where we match supply and demand closely and don’t do silly things to, take a point of share for no obvious reason. Then yes, the general margin structure improves from the industry, but it has to. For us to hit the demand profiles that we see out in 2016 or 2017, we will not be able to do it on capital to revenue of 6% to 8%, and I don’t think, we're going to be able to do it on 28 points of gross margin. I mean we just – to deploy the amount of capacity that we have to, to hit the multiple zettabytes of demand out in 2017 or 2018, we’re going to have to establish more consistent business models. So if it isn’t moving in that direction, the industry is going to be even more challenged.Ananda Baruah – Brean Capital, LLC: Got it. Appreciate that.
Stephen Luczo: I want to thank everybody for taking time on the call today. We will see many of you prior to the next call, because we have the Analyst Day on September 12. In the meantime, we thank you for your continued support.
Patrick O’Malley: It's a good question. I've been around this business a long time. This is probably my fifth cycle, 14 weeks. We certainly expect to get some marginal uplift on that 14th week, but the way OEMs negotiate on a quarter-to-quarter basis, you can have some debate on that. There's not too much debate on the OpEx or the other costs and they're fixed and we know those, so – but we've modeled it.
Patrick O’Malley: So let me take that Aaron, this is Pat, and if Jamie wants to add color, please, Jamie, add more color. But when we made the acquisition we knew it was the – the first thing, we were going to stabilize the asset and I think what you're hearing from Jamie is, we stabilize it and start reinvigorate the product lines, that's the good thing. As we go through the fiscal year, we really, the only thing we really said was the revenue would be $500 million to $600 million. I can tell you here we'll probably get more color, but we really don’t want to break this business out, so it gets about $1 billion, but with that $500 million to $600 million, like I said, we are trending in the high part of that, but it won't be accretive during the first fiscal year, but it will thereafter. I think the margins have a slight drag, but should trajectory through the course of the year get equal to and above. So we like the path, but there is a bit of reinvigorating that product line to drive that and Jamie stabilizing the existing and growing with the new.
Patrick O’Malley: I think as we highlight the back-half of the year, where the cloud was somewhat muted, where they're the richest drives. We saw the average capacity of drive go up, but we saw as we talked about in the last two quarters, where we had some whether it’s enterprise or cloud that was somewhat muted, we see that accelerating. So what we saw were growth in a lot of the – in the notebook drives, which are per unit, a lot lower capacity, but that even as those units go out, their capacity for drive is increasing. So I think you have to look at the whole portfolio, but if you look at it individually you will see an increase of every drive capacity across the board. So every segments getting richer, it’s just the mix that's sort of covering that story up.
Patrick O’Malley: Yes, that's fair. Like I said, we're not breaking it out and until we get to a significant more scale, but that's probably a fair assessment.
Patrick O’Malley: That's all mix, as we talked about in the last call, where we see the strengthening in the back-half of the enterprise and the cloud, classic enterprise and cloud, that's being fuelled by that, and it's also being fuelled by richer content of richer of mix up of every segment drive.
Patrick O’Malley: If I look at the whole portfolio, it’s relatively benign. It has been relatively benign for a while. We expect it to stay that way. We don’t – we’re not a company that place quarter-end deals. We sure just – we run a long-term business model and we expect pricing to be relatively stable, what we’ve seen over the last year.
