Steve Luczo: Thank you, Stacey. Good afternoon everyone and thanks you for joining on the call today, sorry about the delay. On the call with me from Seagate are Ken Massaroni, our General Counsel, Pat O’Malley, our Chief Financial Officer; Bob Whitmore, our Chief Technology Officer and Head of R&D and Manufacturing Operations and Dave Mosley, Executive Vice President of Sales, Marketing and Product Line Management. Also on the call today are Larry Sonsini of Wilson, Sonsini, Goodrich & Rosati and Joe Perella of Perella Weinberg Partners. Today, we are continuing with the new format that we began last quarter and we have posted detailed supplemental information about the quarter on our Investor Relations website. Due to the announcement we made on October 14th, 2010 concerning the preliminary indication of interest regarding a going private transaction, there are some additional requirements with respect to today’s call. First, the company will not at this time be providing any additional information regarding the aforementioned announcement. Second, in order to comply with regulatory requirements, the company will not provide, discuss or answer questions regarding the outlook for the December quarter or any future fiscal periods. And, finally, the company will not be participating in individual meetings with investors or analysts either in-person or via conference call until further notice, again due to the regulatory requirements. Seagate entered the September quarter with the following key assumptions for planning purposes. First, that we would not see any additional slowdown in consumer spending on technology generally. Second, that we would hold the market share levels of approximately 30% with which we entered the quarter. Third, that we would not see attempts by competitors to ship share through aggressive pricing. Fourth, that inventory on hand would remain flat quarter-over-quarter. And, finally, that the corporate technology refresh that we had been experiencing going into quarter would continue. We did experience some additional weakness in the consumer markets particularly in the United States and in Europe early in the quarter. Primarily as a result of this weakness, the total available market for the quarter was approximately 165 million units, which was the low end of our expectations at the beginning of the quarter. We did however see some early signs that consumer activity is beginning to improve in early September. Additionally, industry market share remains substantially unchanged. However, pricing remained aggressive across all of our product lines, customers, and geographies. As noted in the Western Digital conference call yesterday, the week 13 industry shipments in the September quarter were significantly higher than the prior 12-week average. While we believe this to be an accurate description overall, Seagate was under represented during week 13 and week 12 as compared to a level of the first 11 weeks of the quarter. Dave Mosley can provide more details during the Q&A session if required. Turning to our September quarter results, we reported first fiscal quarter revenue of $2.7 billion in non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.37 on shipments of 49.2 million units. Gross margin of 20.4% was below our target range due to the aforementioned market dynamics, which impacted our ability to deliver earnings within the target range we provided at the beginning of the quarter. Our balance sheet remains strong. Cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, and restricted cash totaled $2.2 billion. Long-term debt include current portion was reduced by $328 million to $2.2 billion at the end of the quarter with the redemption of the Maxtor convertible notes. Stacey, we’re ready to open up the call for questions.
Steve Luczo: Well I think it’s a broad brush to say the OEMs. We’ve got a tick and tie exactly where all the units and I think its maybe too broadly speaking to say it’s the OEMs.
Steve Luczo: Yes, let me characterize a little bit differently, I mean there may have been some deals that were done at the end of that contribute to week 13 that we didn’t participate in. I’d say it a little bit differently, we have line of sight of some of the OEMs that we service and those are the ones that we were tied off with pretty well. There were couple of other dynamics that happened. I think given some factory slowdowns in Golden Week in China. There were some natural next quarter activities that were actually pulled in because of that. Then there was actually some deals that happened and as I made referenced to this earlier before where people in some sense had to buy full model or they shipped to other places inside of their old corporation. So it’s really hard for us to triangulate back through all those things and say which contribution means what part of it. But in general I would say that Seagate made an effort not to participate in some of those quarter end deals to – because we’d seen competitive pricing all quarter long, we realized that we don’t want to do that at the end of quarter, so.
Steve Luczo: Well look, I mean obviously Steve sits in a position that only Steve sits in, in terms of the offering that they provide to their customers and its obviously pretty competing. I would say though that from what we know of the offering for example Apple, the percentage of their units that they sell with SSDs versus HDDs is a tiny fraction. I think it’s under 3%, certainly under 5%. Obviously this isn’t the first product that they’ve had. I have and Air book with an SSD unit that I’ve had for I guess a year and half now. And I think, there are certain things that are certainly very nice about it. And other things that are little bit frustrating and a little bit frustrating parts are the cost and the lack of capacity. I spend a lot of time cleaning out files so I can make room for not a lot of content to be honest with you. I think are there some users that can operate net environment and be happy, I think the answer is yes but I think as Seagate introduced hybrid drive last quarter, you get basically the features and function of SSD at more like disc drive cost and capacity. And in fact with the additional layer of cashing we believe that, downstream from a product perspective there will be performance advantages to SSD whether or not that has to do with instant on or application load or what a load looks like year or two after you, you have your product versus that day you buy it. I can tell you that my SSD drive takes about 25, 30 seconds to boot now versus the 12 seconds when I bought it. And that’s just an issue more related to OS than it is specifically to the technology but again with the hybrid there is things that you can do it alleviate that so your boot times are actually as compelling one and two, three and four years down the road. So I think that’s where mainstream notebook computing is going if that’s what your question is no I don’t, do I think that Apple will be successor with that product absolutely, because Apple is successful with all their products. And so it’s a very compelling company and a compelling value proposition within their value chain. But again we just view it as more devices that are computing in eating data and if they’re low capacity on the edge that means they need a lot of storage pipe and down close to the edge and whether not that’s in a mash box or code in the cloud or in a local cloud. Those are all markets that we serve. So the more that people do creative things with computers and devices were all four and Steve certainly at the forefront of that.
Steve Luczo: I guess just to make sure I understand the question Rich is that so going forward what capacities, what netbook capacities would be offered by the market? Is that what.
Steve Luczo: I think it was a combination, I really do believe it was combination was I think the industry lining up for TAMs in the June and the September quarter that didn’t materialized. And then certain competitors being late to adjust production and therefore the movement of the product was facilitated by price. I think the industry is doing its best to adjust that as quickly as possible. Jason Nolan – Robert W. Baird That makes sense. Thank you.
Steve Luczo: Yes, thanks. All right, everybody I’d like to thank you all for joining us on the call today. We look forward to speaking with you next quarter and the before I depart, I want to make sure that I complement the employees of Seagate as always as well as our suppliers, our customers. Thanks for the effort. Thank you.
Dave Mosley: Hi Keith, this is Dave. Inventory was below four weeks and channels as we usually model and we made reference to the assumptions going into the quarter of inventory, exit’s being about that same level. So we feel pretty good about that.
Dave Mosley: Well, we don’t have a whole lot of visibility into JIT hubs and the like. And we’ve talked about that before. But we have no reason to believe that their inventory issues.
Dave Mosley: I think what they talked about was a big shipment week in week 13 and as Steve – Bob talked about in the comments, we were under represented in that.
Dave Mosley: And so even actually into the week 12. I think there’s a few different dynamics which is going on that we see. One is golden week in China, if that’s somewhat. There is also some shipments that are done within say some of our competitors too there mother ships if you will to with some of their internal customers. So we’re still trying to triangulate that. But what we definitely feel is that as far as notebook in particular where we saw one of the big shipment weeks there in week 13, we were dramatically underrepresented versus what we had seen in the prior 11, 12 weeks of the quarter, even if you go back to week 12. And then, we exited with our inventory under two weeks going into October something.
Dave Mosley: I will just answer it, over the last few quarters, no. Macro trends is what we can’t talk about going forward.
Pat O’Malley: Yes, so let me address that. One, the number you see of the 358 is the cash. We sort of hinted at that last quarter that what you saw coming at our CapEx last quarter was the cash in that bubble rollover. So just was the number that we or just to give a clarity. Our actual receipts were only $195 million.
Pat O’Malley: And that was done significant from plants, so we are decelerating. I won’t go into the forward looking for the rest of the year. But just for the quarter, those receipts were $70 million less, so we – it is in a deceleration mode, so that was really the cash bubble that came through on the Q4.
Pat O’Malley: Kathy, this is Pat. Fortunately or unfortunately we’ve been through these cycles and we’ve worked with our vendors. We certainly have strategic relationships with them. We try to give them long lead time but we do push out do cancel and manage that to get to the right size of the business. So the industry is capable, Seagate is certainly capable and I believe the industry and Seagate have put plans in place to handle it to get the demand and supply what we believe closer inline.
Pat O’Malley: Yes, I’m not exactly sure what the question is, I think in general I would confer with the way that Western Digital characterized it is probably over edge in week 13. And that’s my general read on it.
Pat O’Malley: Ben, this is Pat. The pricing as you know you heard yesterday and you obviously see there is financials today whereas aggressive the whole quarter. So not participating in pricing for a certain deal is probably not a fair characterization. We talked to begin in the quarter, we’re going to hold share, we did hold share. I think there was much – not much movement in share but we got a fair look at our business and we made what we think is the proper decisions to maintain share and get the right coverage in each of our OEMs and district channel partners but it was aggressive through the quarter.
Pat O’Malley: No the – well the fact that we had extra carrying days of DSO, you could marginally argue there is little cost but clearly what we saved in our order pay was a positive financial in we didn’t have to add any extra programs to offset that. In face we were the only one at offered it before. So it was I’d say a net positive to us other than what’s manifested in the DSO.
Pat O’Malley: Western Digital referenced 5% for the next quarter, not this – the quarter just happened, they just discussed in excess of 8% for this current quarter just ended. So our pricing was –
Pat O’Malley: Correct. So with that 8%, ours was in that range, it was very like I said throughout the quarter that was the primary miss of our earnings and revenue. Primary was the pricing and then we expected the midpoint of the TAM for our volumes, so you can from 165 to 175 we had a shortfall there in revenue and gross margin, but clearly the biggest impact was the pricing in those ranges of that WD recorded for the September quarter.
Pat O’Malley: Yes, it was probably closer to six, closer to eight. But, yes, that was little less than six, right, that’s correct.
Bob Whitmore: Yes, sorry we can’t. As I’ve mentioned in my preamble we can’t reference anything with respect to any possible transaction with the private equity firm.
Bob Whitmore: I think that we have indicated that we think there’s plenty of area of potential for growth in the drive industry with respect to R&D investments and whether or not it’s SSD or the announcement last quarter of our hybrid drive. Those would certainly be examples of that, yes.
Bob Whitmore: No, and again, we can’t make any forward-looking statements about profit pools or as it might impact Seagate.
Bob Whitmore: Yes, let me try it this way. So I think we obscure a little bit what we can net book and what we call low-end notebook to your point and what the capacity point is. I don’t think there is a unique value proposition for somebody who has say for example 250 gigabyte in a consumer device, sometimes people will fill up that up fairly quickly and other used cases they won’t. I do think that that what you’re seeing in the tablet space is, is putting a lot of pressure on innovation, thinner, lighter, power savings, and to the point capacity as well to just value differentiate. I think there will be other also be lost cost sensitivities there. So if you can continue with the productivity device to provide a value proposition at a price point, I’d pick up price band if you will that that we would call net books traditionally and people can innovate to still provide a compelling device there. It may have – it may have more capacity in it. And that’s I think from an innovation perspective what the devices are really driving.
Bob Whitmore: Yes, we would certainly expect that there will be competitors launching hybrid drives. I guess the question which is what’s the nature of it? Is it – is it just the piece of silicon between the DRAM and the disk or is it more to that? And I think that lends to your second question, which is, we have a lot of IP in this area and a lot of know-how in a lot of investment that’s occurred over several years and no we’re not planning on licensing that. I’ll tell you when we’ve got – we believe that’s why our drives have performed the way they are and what the opportunity is as we basically take advantages of some of our algorithms with some of the people that are developing OS or applications on them.
Bob Whitmore: I think all data points aren’t yet in Sherri. So obviously we’re watching the ones, the data that we have, and then the data that was announced yesterday. But I don’t think we really know all the answers just now.
Bob Whitmore: Yes, I think that would lead to a forward-looking statement in one form or another, so we’re going to avoid that one.
Bob Whitmore: Sorry, Aaron, I didn’t say relative to Western Digital. I said relative to the rest of the industry. And we don’t have very good visibility into exactly what they shipped in week 13.
Bob Whitmore: Right. Let me just give you a quarter-over-quarter. In my opinion, the industry had some behaviors like this in week 13 of the June quarter. And so that was about 15% shipped in week 13 in that quarter. We believe about 18% of the 165 million unit TAM they’re about shipped in week 13 of this last quarter, again some of it because of golden week preparation in factory, logistics that are going on in week one. Some of it’s because everybody phased up and the first was a Friday and so everyone’s end of quarter have effectively became the same day. I mean there’s little dynamics like that, but still, that’s why I – holding the central pieces, I just say, we are underrepresented.
Bob Whitmore: So, from a capacity point of view, I think like we talked about we a few quarters ago we’re looking at a little bit higher output for these quarters. We’ve dialed that so that we’re pretty fully utilized at the production levels that we’re at. So that’s what our run rate is today.
Bob Whitmore: Just to be clear, WD referenced in excess of 8% for the September quarter. They talked about 5% for the December quarter.
Bob Whitmore: I guess we – what I would say relative to everyone piling in an inventory, I mean we don’t have visibility in the OEM inventories at all. So we – all we know of what Seagate inventory and Seagate sell through is that makes sense? Inventory was under four weeks and where we can see our inventory. And with respect to our participation in weeks 12 and 13, we were under represented versus the average for the first 11 weeks. We can only talk to Seagate. There was an industry and there is an industry dynamics that show that week 13 was substantially higher than the average for the 12 weeks and was higher than it typically is.
