Dave Mosley: Thanks Gianluca. Looking ahead, the near term outlook is unclear. However, we will continue to execute on what is in our control. We have an agile business model, strong balance sheet and ample liquidity that we believe allows us to operate efficiently and intelligently through stressed business environments. We will manage our cash carefully, while maintaining our commitment to return at least 50% of our free cash flow to our shareholders.  As I covered at the top of the call, a bright spot through the course of this year has been the strong performance of our mass capacity portfolio. Mass capacity now represents 58% of the Seagate’s revenues up from 46% one year ago and 24% five years ago. This pivot has been intentional and has powered Seagate’s resilient performance through the first leg of this crisis.  Going forward, we remain confident that our strategic focus on mass capacity storage and data management solutions is the right one, and that long term trends tied to data growth will continue to drive secular demand for these products, both in the cloud environment and at the edge.  We anticipate demand across our end markets to improve within the next six months and currently model revenue to be fairly flat in fiscal year 2021, supported by the strength of our mass capacity product portfolio. Reiterating the outlook we provided at our Analyst event last year, we believe the mass capacity storage stand will nearly double over the next five years, growing from approximately $12.5 billion in the last 12 month period to around $24 billion by calendar year 2025.  The innovation of our technology roadmap and product pipeline makes Seagate well positioned to capture these opportunities, grow revenue and drive strong free cash flow over time. While the mass capacity opportunity alone is sufficient to drive solid growth of this medium term horizon, it's worth noting that we also expect edge, data opportunities and legacy markets to meaningfully contribute to the revenue and cash flows as well.  Prior to opening the call for questions, I want to briefly address the important movement underway to finally drive much needed racial injustice reforms. As a company guided by the core values of innovation, integrity and inclusion, this is a vital moment for us to set a leading example with all of our stakeholders. We acknowledge that we do not have all the answers, but we are committed to taking this opportunity to look inward and create positive change across our global organization.  We have already taken actions to raise awareness, open lines of communication, expand our training and further our inclusion efforts. Inclusion is foundational to our success and extends beyond our employee base, and I'm looking forward to this opportunity to make Seagate even stronger. My confidence in Seagate’s potential is reinforced by the determination of our people, the support of our diverse supplier based and the strength of our relationships with partners and customers.  With that, Gianluca and I are happy to take your questions. 
Dave Mosley: Yeah, hey Katy. I think we've been unfair, of course year-over-year we talk about 57% growth in exabytes. As far as I can see, the period that’s going on, we continue see large growth and Gianluca can quantify it from here, but from my perspective this digestion period that people have been talking about is really quite different. It's more of a race to get things online and that's what we see. So there's a fairly strong demand. We expected that strength is going to continue up throughout the rest of the fiscal year. We don't really have visibility into the customer's inventory levels, but believe any disruptions are just very temporary, at least the cloud service providers.  More of the thing that have affected nearline all in was a smaller portion of the nearline, which is the, I’ll call it on-prem enterprise. So that's the small-medium business enterprises that’s – you know the impact is and we're expecting that to slightly recover or start its recovery, but some of that was just because in Q4 and going into Q1 small medium businesses are not really registering very much.  So over the long term, there's big data growth trends. Even in on-prem where people aren't necessarily buying right now, there is anecdotal evidence that the utilization rates are going up of the capacity. So date is growing everywhere, but that on-prem parts a watch right now and we do expect some recovery over time. I don't think you should take away from our comments that cloud is you know softening or anything else. If anything, cloud is racing to get everything online to meet their service level agreements. Sorry, Gianluca.
Dave Mosley: It's a very interesting question. I think back to my point about digestion period, to expand on that whole topic Patrick, you know the past digestion periods might have been more around storage optimization of software in the data center and things like that.  I think right now to your point, in order to meet the service level agreements, because everything's been pushed into the cloud, the cloud service providers generally have really tough challenges responding on all fronts with whether its network gear or you know servers to meet compute requirements, you know for people that are using the compute aspect.  And then I think storage does lag that a little bit, but the data is growing as well very quickly in those service level agreements. And so generally speaking, I think there's a race to get everything online. It's not really a typical digestion period, you know characterized by software.  And you know I think this push that you've seen from the client’s server models, quickly into the cloud models is ultimately good for mass capacity. It's just we have to you know back to the answer to Katie's question, we have to make sure that we're satisfying this demand as it's growing very quickly and then you know make sure that we are patient with the on-prem demand, because the on-prem right now is kind of stagnating. 
Dave Mosley: Yeah, thanks. I mean we think about serving the customers and what they need, so you know for those customers that are still maybe ramping 16’s and not buying 18’s yet, we’ll continue renting them on 16’s. Some people want to make the transition and I think we're ready to go. So we have a lot of confidence in that platform now, because you know we're deep into the platform, but we can also change – make the necessary changes that we want, which are fairly minor to get to 18 terabytes. And remember that this same platform allows us to go back down to 12 and 14 and all the other things. That’s one of the reasons we drove it so hard. You know I think the pipelines around all those products relative to customer qualification and availability are quite good. We have great dialogues with the customers and when they want to pivot, we’ll pivot. 
Dave Mosley: One other thing we said in the prepared remarks to take you back about four quarters or so is you know in a time like this you make sure that you watch your cash really carefully and that means, you know we watch – what I've learned over time is watch production. So don't build in anticipation that some of those things stay really tight with your customers and build exactly what they need. I think that's the best way for us to watch our cash and that’s what we’ll continue to do. 
Dave Mosley: Yeah, I think the other mass capacity markets like surveillance and NAS, they come back on and they start moving to higher and higher capacity points. I think you'll see the expert growth. So we need those more on-prem type of mass capacity applications, you know on-prem, you know I'll say private data center applications, we need those to grow in exabytes and come back, but again we think that'll happen and when you'll see Exabyte growth. 
Dave Mosley: Thanks Shannon, I’ll let Gianluca answer this, but loosely speaking, we have quite a few levers to pull you know should we need to and from my perspective, cash flow is exactly what we’re driving right now. As the metric we're watching our cash very carefully. Like I said before, not bringing on too much inventory, although we do have to make sure that we cover you know potential factories being down. That's the reality of where we were last quarter and it may still happen again.  So we have a little bit more inventory, but we're going to watch our cash very carefully and not overbuild. Make sure that we're running things the right way. We're still making investments in ourselves and we’re still bringing in quite a bit of capital as we did last quarter, but I’ll let Gianluca talk about the portfolio.
Dave Mosley: It is a really interesting space to watch I think Kevin. So loosely speaking, you know these are on-prem applications and people just couldn't get on-prem, and even if you could, sometimes there was nobody else there to be on-prem to surveil or whatever you would say right.  So you know it's not surprising to see that these markets were down. They are starting back up again, sputtering the start, but you know starting back up again. We believe long term that these products are actually quite strong, because of smart cities and smart factories and smart hospitals and you know so we believe these on-prem applications will come back fairly strongly. You know timing is everything and we believe we have the best product portfolio to go satisfy that. It'll probably grow in capacity points, so to one of the earlier questions, there's more exabytes coming this way.  So you know the trend that we saw in the last couple of quarters with surveillance in particular being so far down is not going to continue. We think it'll start ticking back up. There's some early indications this quarter that it's back coming back to life and it's geographically very dispersed. Of course there's lots of different regions of the world where people are going to be doing the spending, but you know that's what we see. It should start to improve quarter-over-quarter this quarter. Don't know how fast it will prove improve into Q2, but it's certainly a market that long term we’re watching. 
Dave Mosley: Typically in the past it's been 4 terabytes, now it's going up to 6 and 8 terabytes and so you know that happens as a function of these technology transitions. So all the while that the markets are going through what the markets are, there's a March toward higher and higher capacity points, because there's more value in those drives up in the edge. 
Dave Mosley: And I’d say you know to your questions Steven about the longer term going out throughout the fiscal year, you know some of the legacy markets have been very slow of late. We don't anticipate. There’s some natural decline year-over-year because they are by nature legacy, we are not investing them and we are you know watching them develop. But I think some of them are temporarily down and they'll come back to some level previous.  It’s a good business for us with you know good free cash flow and minimal incremental investment, so we have to go make, so you'll watch that and some of them have already shifted the flash like notebook and gaming and things like that, but you know there's things like mission critical which we expect to come back to some level.  The other part of I’ll call it on-prem that we talked about before, on-prem nearline has actually been fairly slow as well. Satisfied via some of the same channels that we have, but that will come back, because data is growing at the edge and in private data centers and things like that.  So you know there's this enormous shift in locality going on between client server business and cloud business. It doesn't mean all client servers gone. It's just some of this is on temporary hiatus and that's where we're expecting to recover somewhat if you will to make up, you know the fiscal year guide. 
Dave Mosley: Yes, as far as what we saw it in the rearview mirror, I think that getting the right supplies to the right places. We have a long plan. We’ve talked about this with our 16 terabytes. You know big volumes for most of the mass capacity people. I don’t think prices were unpredictable by any means for us. I mean they were fairly predictable.  I do think that you know out in some of the distribution channels, where the supply-demand picture isn't so clear. Now early on there was some supply gaps, later on there were some demand – there were demand promises, on-prem enterprises, especially in smaller distribution markets. I think that's where you can see a lot of dynamics. From our perspective that should stabilize pretty quickly, because you know supply is there, so. 
Dave Mosley: I think there’s two elements. Obviously there's some things that you save money on in the current work environment and then the other thing is that there's a very tight cash management, like you know investments are really being scaled back for us right now. And so I think it should reequilibrate like Gianluca said to about that $340 million level, that’s the way we should think about it longer term. 
Dave Mosley: Yeah, I’ll let Gianluca walk you through the details of the gross margin impacts last quarter, but to your point, you know actually where the quarter ended up last quarter, we feel pretty good about our gross margin. Our operating profit was above the midpoint of the range, it was about 14.8%.  Gross margins, you know had we not had some of the COVID impacts which you know Gianluca can walk through what they were, then we probably would have been in the gross margin range as well.  To your point, the supply demand balance is you know usually the way I answer that question. Demand for exabytes will continue to grow and we have put capacity online to go get that. In times like this we were actually putting capacity online for growth in exabytes and we've got a temporary role in some of the legacy markets right now, so we have excess capacity. So that’s not a long term trend, that’s a short term trend. But to your point you know managing supply and demand properly is the way that you add that value.  Go ahead Gianluca.
Dave Mosley: Yeah sorry C.J., one other point is just to make sure that when you read through this, from a gross margin percentage perspective we're not really running the business like that right now, so if we see deals or cash we’ll take it. And we were able to increase free cash flow by 5% last quarter which is ultimately our focus. Just you know some of the legacy businesses might recover faster, you know even if it's not great gross margin percentage, we’ll take the cash. 
Dave Mosley: Yeah, I think from a space perspective, if I can think there first, I think we have plenty of space. What's settled underneath this is obviously the nearline drives have a lot more heads and disks, and so the heads and disk space is full.  The number of drives we make is actually not so relevant in the space that we have. I mean we – you know our manufacturing line footprints are pretty small. So we could pivot up in the number of drivers if we had to exactly as your point. I don't know if we could cut a lot of space if we had fewer, necessarily fewer drives. It depends on how many fewer, of course, but you know – and from our perspective almost all of our CapEx is really been pointed at that exabyte growth that we're expecting in the cloud.  You believe $24 billion of TAM up 20.25, we got to get the right capacity online that looks like heads and disk and that’s what the way we are filling thing up, and using our capital for that as well.  I think one other point is even the big drives – in the old days you know you had a test floor and a clear room. Today you have 10 test floors and a clear room. The test is actually the thing that’s consuming most of the space and most of the capital and that’s all associated with nearline as well and mass capacity as well. 
Dave Mosley: And it kind of points to the products, especially the on-prem enterprise products, nearline  mission critical and some of the surveillance. That mix is fairly rich. It has the media rich and actually these are tough drives to make as well, so that would have been accretive to gross margin I think is the point. 
Dave Mosley: Yeah, thanks Toshiya. I think it will probably be above the 35% to 40%. I mean and certainly in calendar year ’20 we said that we expect it to be greater than that and we call that the slow part even with the mass capacity, then that will still be – you know that’s the front end of the year. I think as we come out of the back of this, I think it will, the exabytes will accelerate as well, so this is why you know we made this pivot. I think it kind of proves that it is the right pivot of our portfolio is why we you know want to get this – our product lines really tight and very manufacturers will be flexible and hit the right margins. So you know to your point, I think we’ll start with the 35% to 40% certainly in calendar year ’20 and probably up throughout the fiscal year.
Dave Mosley: Yes it's an interesting question Dustin. I’m not being cavalier with it, but I’ll say we’ll crossover when we're ready and when the customers are ready and I think you know when we have such high volume on the 16’s and people are demanding the 16’s, I think we have to be careful to make sure that we don't again build the wrong product at the wrong time for people.  We can transition to the 18’s fairly quickly. I think we do need some lead time, because that’s had the media start and whatnot, but I think we have great relationships with the big customers that would be demanding that. They are – you know we're locked step with them on what those transitions would look like and I have a lot of confidence in the drive.  I don't think it's going to be the significant revenue contributor certainly in the next two quarters, you know like we said before, but we can transition whenever the customers are ready and we’ll take their cue on it. 
Dave Mosley: Yeah, thanks Jason. I'd like to take an opportunity to just thank our customers and suppliers, employees and investors for their support of Seagate and we look forward to updating you on future calls. Thanks everyone. 
Gianluca Romano: Yeah, I would say first of all we had a record quarter in Q4, which is a very high starting point in terms of no Exabyte volume. What we said in that safety is, we will not see the same level in FQ1 – we don’t expect to see the same level in FQ1, but over the long term, for sure we expect this need for data to be there and to continue to drive this secular growth, and so we're very confident with the long term situation and even Q1 maybe is not to the level of Q4, but it doesn't mean that it’s a very low level for support. 
Gianluca Romano: You were asking about another, a little bit of longer term outlook and in the prepared remarks we are seeing that for fiscal year ’21. We are looking right now at the revenue which is you know fairly flat, we have this fiscal year ’20. Of course there is an impact from the COVID situation, so our assumption is based on an impact from COVID that will start to decline in the next few months, but now we are still very, very confident in Seagate’s outlook over fiscal year ‘21 and impact on the long term. 
Gianluca Romano: Yeah, completely agree. No, we have generated a very strong free cash flow in fiscal year ‘20 and we said we are expecting a revenue that is comparable and probably the free cash flow will also be compatible. CapEx we are investing for the gross that we’re expecting in the long term. But in general no, I would say free cash flow could be fairly similar year-over-year.  We have in terms of shareholder record, you know we have a commitment to recover at least 50% of our free cash flow to shareholders and this is done in the form of dividend and the form of share buyback. So we will continue with this policy and we expect another very strong year in terms of free cash flow. 
Gianluca Romano: So in general for the impact of COVID in the quarter, we had 130 basis points which is only related to the direct cost. It’s not related to the lower revenue that was actually not generated and impacted by COVID. So in the script we said the direct cost, about $35 million of the 130 basis points and then we also said, when you look at EPS, you have a second impact and the second impact is related to the lower revenue and of course the margin of those revenue and with 25 for total EPS impact of between $0.25 and $0.30. So as the level of EPS you have now a fairly huge impact in the quarter from COVID.  In the prior quarter we had additional costs that were little lower but, but still estimate again about $25 million. We didn’t have a lot of revenue impact. We probably had you know some impact on the legacy part of the business, but cloud was probably offsetting that reduction  In fiscal Q4, compared to what we were expecting, both nearline came out at a level we were expecting, but we had some impact on the legacy business and also on surveillance. So overall we lost some EPS because of the lower revenue. 
Gianluca Romano: I would say, yeah, frequent to a couple of quarter ago for sure there, the pricing environment is more stable. So it’s a better situation right now. 
Gianluca Romano: Yes, so what we were saying in the script is longer term. Probably you want to model around $340 million, this is probably now after a COVID impact and when people will not be obliged to work from home. For the September quarter, it will be probably in the mid between what we reported for FQ4 and this long term view. 
Gianluca Romano: Yeah, for the June quarter we said the COVID related impact in terms of gross margin percent was 130 basis point. So if we look at where we closed the quarter at 27.3%, you add the 130 basis points, we have 28.3%. As you know, they add this part of the business as a gross margin, but it’s a little higher than the full corporation. So I will say, you know as Dave said before, we are close to the normal or assume range of 29% to 33%. For the September quarter we have said the COVID cost to be fairly flat sequentially, so well probably more the same level of cost. 
Gianluca Romano: Yeah, I would say stock based comp is a little bit lower than $30 million and the tax rate is mid-single digit and the interest are very similar to the FQ4, so you can just take that as a reference. 
Gianluca Romano: Yeah in the guidance we included, the COVID impact is slightly above what we had in the prior quarters, so let’s say between $25 million and $30 million. So not very far from where we ended up. And yes for September, we expect the cost to be very similar, either full quarter impact and so we expect more or less the same amount.  We don’t know exactly when this will end and what we have modeled internally is COVID to continue to have an heavy impact in FQ1 and FQ2 and no margin in the second part of the fiscal year, but of course this is a model and we do not what exactly what will happen. So there is an impact also in the demand, not only on the cost.  Well the other part of it is maybe even more important at this point is demand and the impact on our mix. So overall you need to look at the cost and the demand and the final EPS impact. For the FQ4 we have estimated that overall impact would be you know between $0.25 and $0.30. That is a huge impact when you consider our EPS results for the quarter. 
Gianluca Romano: It’s very hard to estimate. It’s very hard but also we – I’ll tell you what, in our model we don’t pretend to be correct. 
