Steve Luczo: Yes, I mean if we break it down by market, Rich I think on the client side both notebook and desktop, those markets have stabilized I would say over the last year, I mean I think we have been pretty consistent in saying we thought it was kind of flattish market year-over-year. And it seems to continue to be so and I think for the rest of the year we are probably thinking the same, which would imply maybe low-single digit growth for the second half of this year relative to the first half, but flattish year-over-year. That pricing has been pretty stable overall. There has been shifts by the OEMs in terms of capacity points that they have been purchasing. Nearline, I think has been aggressive in the last couple, three quarters and I just don’t see those price erosions sustaining themselves, given the capacity points that we have to deliver over the next year, going from 6 to 8 to 10 terabytes, that’s a lot of technical investment as you know, it’s also a lot of test investment. And therefore I think that the margin profile on those drives is about where they can be in order to sustain the investment that we have to make going forward. So I would say that I would see a reduction in that price erosion to something close to what we are seeing on the client side.
Steve Luczo: Well, Jamie has responsibility for Evolve as well and we are going to through the work right now to figure out how they are going to integrate our Evolve business, Xyratex, our data center operations business and some of the business – some of the new efforts that we had focused on devices aimed towards hyper scale inside the both the product management and the design center, so all of that will be under Jamie.
Steve Luczo: I think we are still working towards that projection. I don’t, it’s an interesting discussion between capacity shipped versus capacity deployed. And I think – I usually typically think of it in terms of capacity deployed, i.e. end user demand of petabytes versus ability to deliver aerial density. And I do think that there has been a lot of inventory absorbed over the last six months as again on the cloud side as utilization rates have bumped and deployment times have been blocked down. And you know at least of one major customer that also kind of redeployed a bunch of drives into cold store or warm store. All those customers have kind of said that that one-time event or series of one-time events is kind of over and they were looking at second half demand that more reflects the end user growth in data. And their end user growth in data is actually, probably accelerated not decelerated over the last six months. So that’s why I am still fundamentally encouraged by the overall delta, which is what’s petabyte growth at the demand level versus aerial density growth and I still believe it’s running two laps at least.
Steve Luczo: Yes, about $100 million, but it’s really hard to say right now, because again you may have a big test business, which we now own and we have to kind of – we don’t really know what the order profile of that business is going to look like yet. I mean, obviously their customers are still deciding which orders to place when and then of course we have to be able to fulfill those and that timing isn’t completely understood yet either. So I think right now we are thinking about $100 million. I think you also have to recognize that the systems business was declining fairly rapidly over the last year. And the good news is, is that the traction with our OEMs has been quite positive in terms of their perspective on what they might do with us now that it’s owned by Seagate, but of course, the lag time on that is fairly long as well. It’s not like they are making order and we shipped it this quarter. So, I think we have to recognize that those revenues were falling and we are kind offsetting the fall of that revenue as quickly as we can. So, all in all, I think about $100 million, which kind of speaks to a seasonal decline in the June revenue numbers for the HDD business. And then we will just see what happens with the test business, whether or not the Xyratex business picks up a little bit. Good news on the Xyratex business is they do a lot of the integration for some of the new storage architectures as well and we have seen a lot of encouraging signs from those customers buy Seagate’s ownership as well. So, I think we just have to get a little more time under our belt to be able to be more articulate about what that revenue profile looks like and we hope to do that in the call for the June quarter.
Steve Luczo: In general, I think versus last quarter where it felt like business was getting some traction. And I was a little bit cautious about – but we are going to be really disappointed in April or May like we were kind of the last two cycles that’s happened. I actually have to say that I am more encouraged in terms of what I think is going on, on a global basis in terms of economic activity and what that means for technology spending in general. So, I mean, I think that we are – we have stabilized the decline and I think we are going to see some modest growth across – really across all segments here going forward. June quarter is obviously, mostly always seasonally down except for when we have been recovering from floods or huge cutbacks by the industry. So, where we are at in June? I actually feel okay about and the back half of the year is we are starting to get some good indications from customers about stronger shipment scenarios.
Steve Luczo: Not as I have heard the conversation, which has been directly with two of the largest CSPs that they are more. Again, I think people can understand that for the big CSPs today that are buying directly mostly from the drive industry, they are all employing very different architectures. I am not sure if we grasp this yet that those architectures are in fact their proprietary competitive advantages for the application set that they are serving. So, the Google implementation is very different than Microsoft’s is very different than Amazon’s and different than AWS’ versus the rest of Amazon versus eBay. And what’s happening is that as they are pursuing different architectures to achieve those application sets, they have breakthroughs every once in a while whether or not they are on how quickly they can get a server up and running and active with storage to how they get utilization rates and then in a couple of cases over the last couple of quarters, a couple of those really being providers have either dramatically pulled in time to deployment in one case, because I think they were probably not competitive and/or kind of step function improvements and utilization. The conversations are pretty much that I have had it pretty much some of those technical leads have pretty much concluded that that’s it for a while. And then you know in another year or two maybe there is another step function change. I just think that’s the nature of the business with those big CSPs that are calling multiple billions of dollars into their infrastructures. So, I don’t think it was like some magic of some new technology. And by the way I wouldn’t say it was disk drive related, I think it’s overall system related that those are utilization rates and deployment rates that have improved, not just targeted towards disk drives. I think it’s across the board.
Steve Luczo: No. Again, I mean, I just don’t – the architectures aren’t really about replacing HDDs. I mean, we have kind of been over this a whole bunch of calls. SSD deployment is about the acceleration and fast data processing. HDD is about storing data and they complement one another. So, it’s not that architectural shift. What’s happening is we have two big customers who are both about to release new products on the storage side, which are mostly HDD-based storage products for the second half of the year. And when they do that, they typically bleed down all the inventory they have inside of their company in various labs. And I mean, people don’t realize the scale of what some of these customers do in terms of the drives that they hold for a number of years as they test these systems. And when they get to the end of a product cycle, they basically are able to flush through all that technology as they prepare for the next generation of technology. So, it’s related to that.
Steve Luczo: The vast majority of that, you could probably model in $40 million for Xyratex, $35 million to $40 million, almost all of it. You might have little puts and takes, but you just model all of it.
Steve Luczo: Well, kind of I’d just associate to two things. It’s not so much about visibility on orders, it’s about how much inventory or how much are they guessing about what they need. So, I think, how I view it Katy is that we have way better alignment between supply and demand, because with the longer deployment periods, what was happening is that the customers were having to predict out in the future how much capacity they would need, server capacity, storage capacity, and they would buy all that and then sometimes they were right and sometimes they were wrong. And of course, being wrong is probably was really probably a really bad thing, because when they couldn’t bring servers online. So, with the ability to deploy quicker just means that the forecast that we get are more accurate. In terms of our ability to respond to that, that’s a completely different dynamic which is actually becoming more challenging I think for the customers. And one of the reasons why we think some of these pricing issues are going to kind of have to stabilize is that, as you get to the 6 and the 8 and the 10 terabyte drives, the lead time on those drives is going to be pretty significant whether or not that’s wafer-related or whether or not that’s test related. And so you are not going to kind of be able to call up and say, by the way I need an extra 500,000 eight TBs I forgot to order, because they are just not going to be there and the industry can’t respond that quickly. So I think we are going to get better linkage on supply and demand and I think we are probably going to get more accurate forecast because people are going to realize that the lead times on these drives are longer, much longer than they are used to.
Steve Luczo: Sorry I was trying to be confusing. I think we think that September and December are probably in the 1.40 to 1.45 range.
Steve Luczo: No, market share has been pretty consistent for the last four or five quarters. Maybe if I think back the last six quarters, I think the biggest swing in market share has been a couple of points overall. I think half a point shifts here and there are kind of to be expected then those are seem to be mostly a function of either product gaps from either us or the competitors or maybe someone has access to a customer that happens to be doing better and sometimes that advantages us and sometimes it advantages one of our competitors. I would say the only kind of significant trend if I think back over six or eight quarters is that Toshiba has picked up a lot of share on the branded side, which was done through relatively aggressive pricing three or four quarters ago and that seems to have been resolved in the last couple of quarters as well. So, no, I don’t see any huge market share shifts, some at the fringe, but that’s mostly either product related or maybe something specific customer related.
Steve Luczo: Let me answer that before forgetting and Dave can talk about the sourcing stuff. Yes, the most of the mission-critical stuff is I would call legacy system, which is obviously still an enormous market and that’s where you see a big rotation on the architectures, the new product offerings from a few of the customers that’s causing kind of the soak up in the inventory that they have in the house. And then the deployment and utilization rate stuff that we have seen over the last few quarters has been mostly on the hyperscale side. That can show up either in the OEMs or it can obviously just show up directly to the drive companies and to the server companies or the white box server companies, because as you know, the CSPs for the most part are buying direct although from time-to-time, they are still buying through certain OEMs. So, there is a more of a mix on that side of whether or not it’s impacting OEMs or if it’s impacting the component industries directly.
Steve Luczo: Yes, I think it’s going to accelerate. I think what I said is I expect growth across all segments, but I do think that on a relative basis, the growth will be better on the nearline side, where it’s been pretty flat the last three quarters. So, I think we are going to see some exabyte growth acceleration. And keep in mind obviously on the client side, we have large capacity types, through lots of people gobbling up one and two and three terabyte drives on notebook and then two, threes on desktop. So, it doesn’t really hurt you so much even if you get it on notebook and desktop, but I do think the weighting will be more towards nearline mission-critical.
Steve Luczo: Okay, just want to thank everybody for being on the call today. And then we look forward to speaking with you again in July. Thanks.
Pat O’Malley: This is Pat. Jamie could add color to it Rich, but obviously we haven’t started the synergies. Jamie and his team and Dave and his team are working on the capital equipment group have already started that. I would imagine you would see incremental improvements quarter-to-quarter. Obviously, we want to drive the top line growth as well and not just the OpEx, but I would expect you see OpEx reshaping over the next two quarters and start seeing signs of that in the P&L as Jamie reshaped the top line that will probably take a little longer.
Pat O’Malley: This is Pat. I think the $500 million to $600 million is where what we are targeting whether we can achieve that obviously we are engaging with customers has been pretty positive. So that would be the model we are aiming to, but even with that with the gross margins probably 10 to 20 basis points drag on overall HDD, but we would hope to even neutralize that as a year, but that’s what we are modeling now.
Pat O’Malley: I think you saw it manifest in this quarter where we basically went from the 4.90 plus down to the 4.69. So we started shaping that at the end of activities in December, which showed up in this quarter. We expect those to stay at the same level from an HDD level and all the increases from Q3 to Q4 are really driven by the integration or just the addition of Xyratex OpEx. As we look to integrate the organization, Xyratex we expected some synergies there. But many of the modes that we are looking to reshape right now and on this reshaping deployed obviously with Jamie’s initiatives to drive cloud we will make the appropriate level of investments there with the SSD appropriate level there. So probably we are going to stay at the high end of that 12 to 14 for a period of time with the expectation to drive revenue growth with those investments. But for the short period of time in that high end of HDD and then we have to figure out how to integrate Xyratex. As Steve said Evolve and look at the whole holistic picture and say how do we reallocate that, but it’s going to be at the high end of the range. And we will – as Steve talked about the capital allocation we will talk further about the OpEx model for ’15 as we finalize our plans going into next year.
Pat O’Malley: We think we have the appropriate level of leverage, we certainly could take on more leverage, but we look at that leverage more as monetizing it through investments in business. So I think returning the level of capital we did has been appropriate for where we have been in the investment stage of the company, so we are still committed to our dividend and growing the dividend. And we will continue an active buyback program, but we want to look at everything that’s available to us. So we will monitor that and like Steve said, we will come back in July with further updates on that, but we will – certainly will continue a buyback and a dividend program. And with the debt like I said, I think the levels we have today even though we have the capacity for some additional debt, but I think the levels are fine today.
Pat O’Malley: I am sorry minimum cash level, $1 billion to $1.5 billion we could run the business at that level. I am more comfortable with $1.5 billion for strategic elements that may pop themselves up, but we feel comfortably at the $2.3 billion that we have plenty of cash to run the business.
Pat O’Malley: Yes, so starting backwards on the tax there was some tax adjustments every periods from time-to-time, audit periods expire with time, so you just – you take a look at that and you make the appropriate level of adjustments. So that was a $14 million one-time item, that’s why I think claiming the tax rate of about $60 million on a go forward basis, spread equally through quarters is probably the best model for that. On the OpEx were some actions of reshaping some of the activities throughout the company. We had some cutbacks over the last several months. So we certainly reshape some investments through actions inside the company and then through slowing down some investments on pieces we talked about SATA 4 SSD where we thought that wasn’t probably the appropriate place, so you saw some expenses come of there. So it was looking across the board, not just core, but some of these new investments where we thought the best chances if we get the adequate level of return on investment. And so that was done, that activity will continue to keep ourselves flat through on the HDD for Q4 the June quarter and as Steve and Jamie talked about from a business process we will continue to look to how to integrate further and maybe harbor some of that, but like I said probably with the appetite to redeploy in other areas. So, I would like I said model that high in the 14% and we will get more clarity on the Xyratex, Evolve everything else optimization in the July timeframe.
Pat O’Malley: Right. And the inventory correction would be the other piece and probably the bigger drag on the margin.
Pat O’Malley: Yes. Obviously for Seagate, it was – we picked up a product line, we picked up a good engineering team that would still utilize post MOFCOM and continue to invest there, but if you take a look at the total operating synergies on the OpEx, you could make that case for $40 million, like I said what would we do with that, whether we redeploy it, but that will be probably a magnitude for us. And then obviously just giving us our customers would like to have one access point. So, the customers would prefer it as well. So maybe customer set and that yields something, but from an OpEx about $40 million.
Rocky Pimentel: Hi, this is Rocky Pimentel. So the 6 terabyte drive is in late evaluation with the customers and we see clearly very positive response from all the cloud customers there. They are definitely interested in higher capacity, higher density per drive products and we have done some really good engineering work on that product. We think it’s a real value leader in performance and design margins, so we are pretty optimistic about how it’s going to play in the marketplace when we start production shipments probably towards the back half of this quarter, but certainly building strongly as we go into the second half of this current calendar year.
Rocky Pimentel: Hi, this is Rocky Pimentel. On the NAND side, certainly, we have our organic efforts on SSD, but as we have said in the past we are definitely always on, looking at the inorganic activates we can do, whether it’s acquisition or investments. So we continue to have a pretty disciplined filter, but needless to say we see ourselves pushing forward the initiative from both an organic and an inorganic standpoint.
Rocky Pimentel: Hi, this is Rocky Pimentel. Yes, I think we have been pretty pleased this last quarter with the execution on our retail side. And that is a mix to higher product, higher capacity products, particularly our momentum built in the 2 terabyte category in the channel. So, we continue to see higher capacity products playing a bigger role in the mix as we go out over the foreseeable future in the branded side as well as the emergence of more NAS centric products in both the small, middle – small, medium-sized business as well as consumer NAS.
