William David Mosley: Thanks, Kate. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. For today's earnings call, I will cover the high-level results from the March quarter. Our CFO, Dave Morton, will then discuss certain financial highlights, and I will close the call with our outlook for the June quarter. I am pleased to report Seagate's financial results for the March quarter reflect year-over-year growth in revenue and profitability. We achieved revenues of $2.8 billion, up 5% year-over-year, GAAP gross margins of 30.2%, and a net income of $381 million. GAAP diluted earnings per share were $1.31. On a non-GAAP basis, Seagate achieved gross margins of 30.8%, net income of $424 million, up 29% year over year, and a diluted earnings per share of $1.46, up 33% year over year. HDD exabyte shipments for the March quarter were 87.4 exabytes, up 34% year over year. The average capacity per drive across the HDD portfolio was a record 2.4 terabytes per drive, up 32% year over year. And the average selling price per unit was $70.50, up 6% year over year. GAAP operating expenses were $406 million, down 26% year over year. And non-GAAP operating expenses were $385 million, down 13% year over year. Cash flow from operations for the quarter was $558 million, up 31% year over year. And free cash flow was $489 million, up 48% year over year. Fiscal year to date, we have achieved cash flow from operations of $1.6 billion and free cash flow of $1.4 billion. Achieving year-over-year revenue and profitability growth and significant cash flow generation in the March quarter reflects Seagate's strong business model execution. I am pleased with the traction we have gained with our mass storage solutions across the enterprise and edge markets and with the competitiveness of our entire HDD portfolio that aligns with trending data growth opportunities. I'll now turn the call over to Dave Morton to go into more depth on our operational activities.
William David Mosley: Thanks, Dave. Turning to our market outlook, we remain optimistic about Seagate's earnings power, as current macroeconomic conditions and global investments in cloud-based environments persist. Specific to the nearline products, we share the perspective that we are in the early stages of a broad-based global cloud storage transformation. For the June quarter, we anticipate year-over-year revenue, exabyte, and profitability growth, with continued strong enterprise demand and tight supply for our highest capacity solutions. Within the other markets we serve, we anticipate sequential seasonal unit demand declines, as we would typically see in the June quarter. It is important to note, however, that exabyte demand is growing year over year in nearly all markets. As a result of these exabyte demand trends, we expect total revenues to be approximately flat, sequentially, from the March quarter, reflecting quarterly year-over-year revenue growth of roughly 17% and total revenue growth of approximately 4% for fiscal 2018. We expect gross margins to be sequentially in line with the March quarter and continue to be within our 29% to 33% long-term range. Cash flow from operations for the June quarter should be at least $500 million, and we are on track to achieve over $2 billion in cash flow from operations for fiscal 2018. Based upon our trajectory for our overachievement of our fiscal year 2018 plan, we anticipate an increase in variable compensation for employees for annual performance in the June quarter. We continue to manage our day-to-day operating expenses tightly, and we anticipate overall non-GAAP operating expenses will be down sequentially 1% to 2%. Looking further ahead, feedback from our largest enterprise customers in all regions indicates strong capacity demand will continue throughout the calendar year. In addition, we anticipate seasonal strength in our other markets, with particularly strong exabyte growth in edge markets in the second half. Diverse markets that are exhibiting strong data storage requirements translate to continued favorable growth and profitability opportunities for Seagate. We believe these long-term trends will continue with existing customers and that new customers and business vertical opportunities are also on the horizon. In summary, I'd like to thank our customers, suppliers, business partners, and employees for their alignment and contributions to the March quarter's results. Thank you for joining us on the call today, and we'll now open up the call for questions and answers.
William David Mosley: As you're alluding to, Steven, head and disk lead times can be quite long, and we have to make sure that we have the right capacity in place for the right markets at the right times of the year due to their seasonality. So I think we executed our plan pretty well on client, and enterprise continues to remain strong. That's pulling, frankly, quite a few heads and disks. So I wouldn't say that there was any share loss or anything that was untoward for us. We pretty much executed the client plan. We knew it was going to be seasonally down. We said that actually going in. And then we'll continue to point more and more heads and media at the high-capacity opportunities throughout the course of the year. And as we continue to see strength there, we'll try to ramp that up and apply more and more resources to it to try to meet that demand.
William David Mosley: In some of our comments in the script, especially in the desktop markets, you're seeing fragmentation of the market. And some particular parts of the market, for example, surveillance, it's exhibiting seasonality in units, but the demand for higher capacity keeps going up. So exactly to your point, we are seeing people moving from 1 terabyte and 2 terabytes as their baseline offering to 2 terabytes, 4 terabytes, 8 terabytes, and so on. And we'll have to answer that with technology for areal density technology or heads and media of the same length.
William David Mosley: Good. Thanks, Ananda. So if you remember the history of the nearline markets in the last five years, there's been periods where we misinterpreted it as seasonality, but there were periods of feast and famine, if you will. The market – generally, the exabytes were increasing at about a 35% CAGR, but there were some markets sometimes where the market was much faster than that and other times where it slowed down. We're starting to see that abate and the demand be a lot more predictable, longer lead time visibility. And some of that's because the build-out of major cloud installations pulling really hard on high-capacity drives is not as feast or famine, anymore. I think behind that, and this is something that is still developing a little bit, are the more legacy technologies for on-prem or smaller data centers where the capacity points aren't necessarily the highest capacity points, so we'll say 8 terabytes and below, but the demand is quite strong and quite diverse, geographically. So from my perspective, that strength actually picked up middle of last year and feels strong through the back half of this calendar year as well. Looking out into calendar year 2019, I think it may be a little bit premature. We'll see the size of the back half of this year first, but it's certainly feeling like the install patterns that most of the cloud service providers and some of these big on-prem companies are in the middle of are still very healthy. And so, I wouldn't be surprised at all if it does extend for another year.
William David Mosley: I think it's a longer-term – this is Dave Mosley, by the way, Katy. I think it's a longer-term goal than that. From our perspective, we're staging a lot of resources to be able to intercept these markets. But I think the growth of those markets, for us at least, will be longer-term than that to hit margin parity.
William David Mosley: I think we're going to have to answer the call – this is to my earlier comments. We're going to have to answer the call with areal density solutions. As far as components, the constraints are pretty tight right now in operations. We can pivot and I think a previous question alluded to this. We can pivot from some of the client markets, but that will be delicate because the lead times are fairly long on some of those decisions. But we're trying our best to go answer it. We'll probably stage not any footprint changes, but a little bit more capital directed at the nearline markets within our budgets and try to answer it as much as we can. The big question for us, the big question for everyone I think that everyone's asking is how long is it going to last and how big is the peak? And I think right now we just see strong demand through the back half of this calendar year.
William David Mosley: That's good. We've driven all the actions – this is from a time about a year and half ago when we set a bogey and said this is the footprint that we needed to be in. We've driven all the actions to get there, and we're still on that same trajectory. Obviously, with some of these opportunities, there are some near-term, I'll call them, materials challenges around some of the new product launches that we could actually launch faster and get it to market and then answer the question on areal density even quicker to get after revenue. So we're in that mode right now of looking what our near-term opportunities are. We do want that footprint to be still maintained the same through the back half of this year. So we're trying everything that we can to meet all the market demand, at the same time staying inside the footprint that we worked so hard to get to.
William David Mosley: Yes, from our perspective, one of the things that has hindered us in the past is the fact that we're always changing either the NAND supply from vendor to vendor or even from process node to process node inside of that vendor, and that's fairly disruptive. So I think in general, the customers like us, but they realize the journey we've been on and actually a lot of people have been on with all this disruption to the NAND supply. So having longer-term visibility and a more stable, predictable supply chain is key to growth in that area.
William David Mosley: Thanks. I'd like to thank our customers, suppliers, business partners, and employees for their contributions to the March quarter, and we'll talk to everyone on the next earnings call. Thank you.
