Steve Luczo: Thanks, Kate. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us today. For today’s call, I will cover the high-level trends we are seeing in the business, Dave Morton will then discuss certain financial highlights and I’ll close the call with our outlook for the December quarter. For the September quarter, Seagate achieved revenues of $2.8 billion, GAAP gross margins of 28.6%, net income of $167 million and diluted earnings per share of $0.55. On a non-GAAP basis, Seagate achieved gross margins of 29.5%, net income of $299 million, and diluted earnings per share of $0.99, up 85% year-over-year. Cash flow from operations for the quarter was $592 million. We believe Seagate’s September quarter reflects – results are reflective of a generally stable but mixed macroeconomic environment, as well as acceleration in the deployment of cloud-based storage associated with usage shifts of technologies and architectures by end users. Demand from cloud service providers for our nearline high capacity portfolio was stronger than we expected going into the September quarter. HDD exabyte shipments for the September quarter were up approximately 20% year-over-year, with consecutive record shipments. We shipped 66.7 exabytes of storage in the September quarter. HDD unit shipments were 38.9 million units, with average capacity per drive at a record 1.7 terabytes per drive, up 44% year-over-year and reflecting our tenth quarter of sequential growth in capacity per drive. ASPs of $67 were sequentially flat for the September quarter. Our customers continue to benefit from our portfolio advancements, and we believe that Seagate is in the leading competitive position as our market shifts from a low capacity unit space demand profile to the future applications which are component rich and require aggressive technology advancement. This is particularly important as the storage market shifts from client server to mobile cloud applications and storage environments. With respect to our Cloud Systems business, we are on track to launch new converged storage platforms including hybrid and all flash array offerings later this fiscal year, which we believe are equal to or better than our competition and we expect to see continued revenue growth for this business in the December quarter. We are pleased with Seagate’s execution in the September quarter, both in terms of our ability to maximize the profitability of our technology portfolio and our continued execution on our cost reductions. I will turn the call over to Dave Morton now to go into more detail on these activities.
Steve Luczo: Thanks, Dave. As indicated, demand for our high capacity nearline drives has accelerated from earlier in the year as cloud service providers are deploying new systems and/or replacing HDDs that are in service. For the December quarter we expect this demand to remain stable, with overall market exabyte demand to be slightly stronger. We will maintain our focus on high capacity opportunities for our portfolio. As such, we expect relatively flat revenue with improvement in gross margins in the December quarter, and as previously discussed, non-variable compensation operating expenses will trend down sequentially. We recognize the continued shift from cloud server to mobile cloud and the related infrastructure and application level changes taking place in our industry. These shifts are impacting our traditional product offering and customer base and are creating significant opportunities for core technology providers such as Seagate with an expanding customer base and higher value-add opportunities. The new customer base includes our traditional OEMs and distribution customers as well as significant and growing demand from cloud service providers, surveillance companies, and will likely include corporate demand in the not too distant future. Thank you for joining us on the call today. And we can now open the call up for questions and answers.
Steve Luczo: No. I mean, not than what we expected. I mean, again, our strategy was to take out the capacity that was mostly related to old technology on single disc two head because we’re ramping new technology on single disc two head. And we’re allocating our component technology across our portfolio, I think pretty effectively. We’re balancing between the demands on 2, 4, 6, terabyte as well as the strong demand at 8 terabyte. So I think the factories are – they’re all running hot, but that wasn’t unexpected. So I think at the component level we’re definitely at capacity, which the operations people like as they love kind of chasing upsides and running linearly every month of the quarter. So it was the operational goal that we had in mind when we made the manufacturing adjustments that we made.
Steve Luczo: No. What we pointed out is what we think the demand is for the December quarter, which it looks like it’s going to remain strong. But as you pointed out, the data center growth can have ebbs and flows and they don’t really kind of project out more than a few quarters. And even if they do, the accuracy that they have in that projection is not fantastic. Sometimes they say they’re going to slow down and some big corporation decides to shift to cloud and sometimes they get utilization freeze up. Sometimes a particular customer; we’re strong and may win or lose a big piece of business which then either creates an opportunity or they delay buying. It’s still I think fairly dynamic with an overall trend that they continue to absorb a massive amount of storage as indicated by the record exabyte shipment that we’ve now delivered two quarters in a row. So I think it’s not going to be perfect quarter to quarter, but I think the 12-month over 12-month trends will continue to be quite favorable as they have been for the last few years as we’ve started this shift to cloud.
Steve Luczo: Yes, I don’t really can presume that much, Sherri, I mean the mix was part of the cost cutting, in reference to the prior answer. When we made our operational adjustments it was to drive a higher capacity offering because of our technical lead. That’s the right place for us to be at. We’ll even see that on the client space. Again, it given where we’re at in terms of 1 terabyte per disc notebook and 2 terabyte on desktop transition, we’re going to get a mix advantage even within that space. So again, it’s kind of all related to where we are technically, and as we ramp these products what we think our opportunity is competitively. In terms of your second comment, we posted 29.5% and we said slight improvement, so I don’t think that’s at odds with what you just concluded.
Steve Luczo: Yes. I think Dave gave most of the pieces of it and what we’re thinking for revenue. We’re not going to stay in the business of a calendar projection. We did that when people thought we were going out of business three months ago. But because we did say we’d given update, I think the missing piece to do the model you want to do is where do we think revenues are going to come in. Right now I would say that we feel that there’s going to be revenue growth year-over-year and it’s probably going to be in the mid-single digits, maybe mid-to-high single digits. That would imply, as you point out, beating that number by 40% to 50% with some head room. So if you landed in the $3.75 to $4 range I think that’s probably right, given what we can see today. But I think the good news is margins near the midpoint of the range, operating margins probably a year ahead of where we thought we were going to be, and revenue growth, which I think we’re feeling more confident that on a year-over-year basis, we’re going to see the revenue growth as well.
Steve Luczo: Well. Are we at capacity? As you know, in our business you only need to be at capacity on one element and you’re technically at capacity. So yes, we’re pretty much at capacity. But you got to remember, we’re at capacity with a portfolio that’s just rolling into a lot of new products. So the yield improvement potential is fairly significant. And then how we use that yield improvement in terms of where we use those extra heads and just gets very interesting as well. So where does the biggest marginal contribution occur as we free up capacity, whether or not it’s head related or disc related or test related? So yes, we’re at capacity, but it’s – this is an extremely dynamic business that as you improve yield, you get more capacity, but as you get more capacity you may then decide to use that in more drives that have more heads and discs. So we’re running the business the way we want to. Let me skip to your third question because they’re related, as you pointed out. What that means is that when we scope a business to, quote, do 40 million units per quarter, then what we go do is we task the ops team to go figure out how in the same footprint and same capital budget how to get to 50 million. So it doesn’t necessarily imply more capital per se. I think more capital would only be a function of was there some significant market opportunity; whether or not that was a spike in demand or a product opportunity from a technical leadership, which would then obviously be reflected in greater revenue growth or expanding gross margin.  So we don’t see any big change in where we run our business, and as you probably can tell we’ve been really lean on capital and we’ll continue to do so, even though we’ve had some fairly significant one-time capital events like what we’re doing in our factories to prepare for the consolidation that we identified. Exabyte growth, again, I think it’s just really important for everyone, whether or not it’s an analyst or an investor, to understand that the exabyte growth feels like it’s going to continue in this kind of 20% to 35% range on an annual basis, but that doesn’t mean every year quarter-over-quarter it’s going to go up 20%. That’s what we’ve witnessed and that’s – as I said before, it’s going to be like this until we get more diversification of the cloud service providers or as corporations start to deploy cloud like architectures that are using these super high capacity drives. So whether or not you ask me for the next year or two years or 24 months or 18 months, my answer’s kind of the same. It feels to us that the demand is going to continue for utilizing HDDs in the very highest capacity environments, and those are – that’s a great trend for us because it’s absorbing more heads and discs. It’s a way more complicated channel. It’s a way more complicated test, manufacturing tolerances are much more difficult and all of that translates into a product that has a lot higher value add. So we don’t see any shift to that fundamental thesis.
Steve Luczo: Yes. I guess I don’t want to necessarily say that right at this second. Again, there’s no reason kind of getting wildly speculative about being at the upper end of the range. There’s a lot of issues that go into that. I’m not sure we’ve disclosed when the Korat facility is going to be fully operational, and I’m not sure we want to from a competitive perspective. So sometime in the next six months we’re rolling into that facility.
Steve Luczo: Okay. All right. Great. So we’re going to end the call here. Just want to thank everybody, certainly all the employees at Seagate, our suppliers, our customers, our investors and then we look forward to talking to everybody on the next quarter call. Thanks very much.
Steven Fox: Thanks. Good morning. Just first off, I was curious, given how demand is coming in a little bit better than when you sort of started on this rationalization program, has there been any unintentional consequences in how you are dealing with customers or the supply chain that maybe adjusted the strategy going forward a little bit? And if not, can you sort of talk about how the mix maybe improves further like over a 12-month period from here? Thanks.
Steven Fox: Yes. Basically is component supply getting tighter than you would have thought just three or six months ago when you sort of set out on this plan? Plan accounts seem to be going up.
Steven Fox: Thanks. And then just as a quick follow-up, just in reference to your nearline demand trend chart, Slide 8, there’s been periods where that has sort of paused sequentially and gone down, I guess mainly related to cloud demand. Can you talk about your expectations for maybe another sort of pullback based on what you’re seeing in terms of data center spend over the next few quarters? Thanks.
