Stephen James Luczo: Thanks, Kate. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. For today's call, I will cover the high-level trends we are seeing in the business. Dave Morton will then discuss certain financial highlights, and I will close the call with our outlook for the June quarter as well as an update for the calendar year. For the March quarter, Seagate achieved: revenues of approximately $2.7 billion, up 3% year-over-year; GAAP gross margins of 30.5%; net income of $194 million; and diluted earnings per share of $0.65. On a non-GAAP basis, Seagate achieved: gross margins of 31.4%, up 870 basis points year-over-year; net income of $329 million; and diluted earnings per share of $1.10. Cash flow from operations for the quarter was $426 million, up 108% year-over-year. Our March quarter results reflect a relatively stable demand environment and improved profitability year-over-year. HDD exabyte shipments for the March quarter were 65.5 exabytes, up approximately 18% year-over-year. Average capacity per drive across the HDD portfolio was approximately 1.8 terabytes per drive, up 27% year-over-year. ASPs of $67 were sequentially flat for the March quarter and up 10% year-over-year. Our Cloud Systems and Silicon Group demonstrated 19% year-over-year growth in the March quarter, with particular strength in our flash-based solutions. We are pleased with Seagate's execution in the March quarter, both in terms of our ability to maximize the profitability of our storage technology portfolio and our continued execution on operational efficiencies. I will turn the call over to Dave Morton now to go into more detail on our operational activities.
Stephen James Luczo: Thanks, Dave. A few weeks ago, we launched our Data Age 2025 study with IDC that addresses data growth, location and new business verticals over the next several years. With a forecast of 163 zettabytes of information being created over the next few years, HDD mass storage technology will continue to be a vital player in maximizing the value of data across many new verticals. We believe continuing to optimize our full HDD product portfolio to the structural shifts in application workloads towards higher capacity will prove to be a resilient and competitive marketplace strategy. By this time next year, we anticipate less than 10% of our HDD technology portfolio will be exposed to competing flash devices. The competitiveness of our HDD portfolio is a result of our long-term investment in delivering world-class storage technology and our dedication to product innovation. A few recent portfolio highlights include: in the nearline market, our 10 terabyte Helium HDD is continuing to ramp with large hyperscale cloud service provider customers. Customer evaluation feedback on our 12 terabyte Helium HDDs has been positive, and we plan to start volume shipments in the June quarter. We believe our opportunities in the nearline market will continue to span across multiple capacity points as our customers evolve their capacity infrastructure for a growing multiple of enterprise workload applications. We are successfully refreshing a number of products in our portfolio, utilizing our fourth generation SMR technology. And to-date, we have sold over 35 million HDDs into the nearline client and consumer markets with this technology. We believe our technical leadership in areal density will continue through calendar 2017. Our planned 1 terabyte and 2 terabyte product refreshes for the PC compute markets are on schedule. And this week at NAB, we announced new consumer products including our first offering for the drone marketplace, the Fly Drive, which includes enough space for 60 hours of 4K video footage and developed in partnership with top drone manufacturer, DJI. From an R&D technology perspective, we continue to invest in our next-generation areal density HAMR technology. With products on the road map for the late 2018 calendar year, we believe we are leading the market in developing and bringing to market this important cost-benefit solution for mass storage capacity needs. Turning to the market outlook, we remain cautiously optimistic about the current macroeconomic environment and IT spending trends. For the June quarter, we are expecting to achieve revenues of between $2.5 billion and $2.6 billion. Our expectations reflect a seasonal decline in revenue, our desire to maintain lower inventories going into the summer months and some conservatism due to the potential impact of component shortages in DRAM and NAND on various aspects of our customers' businesses in the server, CSP and client space. We are raising our gross margin expectations for the June quarter to 31%, and we are targeting a new range for calendar 2017 of 29% to 33%. As Dave indicated, operating expenses will trend sequentially down to expect approximately $430 million in the June quarter. We anticipate operating expenses will continue to decline through the rest of the calendar year and exit the December quarter at or below $400 million. Cash flow from operations will be down slightly sequentially, reflecting lower seasonal revenue and cash payout related to our elimination of U.S. vacation accrual. We continue to expect overall exabyte demand to grow double digits in calendar 2017 over 2016, representing modest revenue growth opportunities for Seagate. Assuming market conditions remain intact, we continue to believe Seagate will achieve earnings per share of at least $4.50 in calendar 2017, and we will provide a fiscal 2018 outlook on our July call. Thank you for joining us on the call today. And we'll now open the call up for questions and answers.
Stephen James Luczo: We still believe in exabyte growth that's consistent with what we've said over the last couple of years. Exabyte growth in excess of areal density growth.
Stephen James Luczo: Yes, I do think they can. As you see the 10s and 12s start to ramp. I think the first half of the year has been an issue both of what's really the right marketplace for the 10 terabyte, especially with the 12 kind of coming right behind it, as well as the CSPs have been – and we've kind of expected this the whole time, that the second half of the year was going to be stronger than the first half of the year. So I think the combination of stronger demand signals for the second half plus the rotation of the portfolio that's going to have 8s, 10s and 12s and not just pretty much 8s, you're going to see exabyte growth there that's going to continue.
Stephen James Luczo: Yes. I think that's a great question. I think we've got to continue to be very careful on the pricing, especially, again, as you go from 10s and 12s. On the one hand, the customer demand is certainly there for those higher capacity drives, but the industry's capability to deliver that technology is coming through solutions that effectively cost more. Either you're adding more heads in disk or other technology to handle that kind of workload. And especially when you're adding more heads in disk, you have to obviously be very careful about the aggressive price takedowns that have occurred because somehow you have to absorb the extra parts. So I think you're going to see some resolution where those price declines are going to continue to stabilize just because we have to afford the new technology. And, of course, we're not going to end at 10s or 12s. We're going to have to get to 16 and then 20 and 32, and that's all going to take a lot of technology. So we definitely believe you're going to see stabilization in that pricing.
Stephen James Luczo: Well, I'll let Mosley go into more details, but we've already walked away from those markets. Basically, again, we don't participate in the 500 gigabyte market really today. Ad that's because we have a technology lead and we want to leverage that. And, of course, the recent price increases from the NAND folks have made a 500 gigabyte drive unattainable, for sure. Even the 256s, I think we've heard price talks in the $60 or $70 range, which is pretty amazing. So I think it's a more longer-term trend, and I'll have Dave talk to it, but it doesn't really talk to the CSPs. The CSPs are enabled by all tiers of storage.
Stephen James Luczo: Yeah, I don't think it's really changed much in terms of our original intention. We've always felt there's an opportunity in the Systems business in the higher value-add categories because our Systems business, at least a good hunk of it, has a fair amount of software competency to it as well. And so we serve OEMs in that space. And more and more so, we're getting traction with the cloud service providers that are looking at solutions beyond the device level. So I think, from our perspective, we've always viewed this business as attractive in terms of its core business of selling into OEMs as well as servicing cloud service providers at one level. But really the opportunity to, as architectures evolve and different customer needs evolve, to have the capability to optimize the devices, either at the device level, the sub-system level or the systems level. And if you don't have the software capability to do that, you really can't take advantage of what we think will be a potentially significant long-term trend. I think the issue is, one, is that how does that evolve, over what period of time and what does it cost you in the mean time? And so I think, for us, we continue to work the financial model so the Systems business is profitable to the overall business and then gives us the option to grow into some of these markets if we see either OEMs or CSPs decide that they want to see solutions at the systems level versus the device level. And we still believe that's the opportunity in front of us. I would say, if anything, over the last six to 12 months we've seen and had dialogues with customers that have us more encouraged about that opportunity versus less encouraged. So we are as committed as we have been to growing that business to what we with think will be a meaningful business in the overall portfolio.
Stephen James Luczo: Okay. Great. All right. Thanks, everyone. We appreciate the time you've taken this morning. And I want to again thank our employees, our customers, our suppliers and our shareholders. And we look forward to speaking with you again in July. Thank you.
