Dave Mosley: Thanks, Gianluca. I'm pleased with our strong performance exiting fiscal ‘24, which reflects our team's unwavering focus on improving profitability and driving cash generation. Two key financial imperatives, as we enter fiscal ‘25, and the improving near line cloud and enterprise demand, we will focus on supporting exit by growth through product transitions. We are working closely with customers to address their data storage needs through two new high capacity products, including the Mozaic 3+ HAMR Drives. We remain confident in the HAMR technology, which provides our customers with cost efficient, scalable storage that we believe will prove critical in an era where data holds unprecedented value. We want to thank our global teams for their creativity and perseverance over the last several quarters that have helped us achieve the results that we announced today. Our structural performance improvements, coupled with a favorable demand environment and differentiated technology roadmap, position us well for years to come. We also wish to thank our suppliers for your support and our customers and shareholders for placing your trust in Seagate. Gianluca and I are now ready to open up to call for questions.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Wamsi. Yes, we are being very careful with adding more capacity. It's good news seeing the demand come back to the extent that it has, but it's still not back to the levels it was a couple of years ago. And if you'll recall, we took something like 25% of the capacity offline and we let a bunch of people go. And so, you know, we've been hiring a lot of the people back, but we're still pretty far away from the supply capabilities that we had years ago. What we're doing right now is trying to get predictable. So, you know, making sure that with the supply that we do have, we're getting it booked and that's why we have the confidence through the end of the calendar year. And then we're trying to drive product transitions, which helps us answer the call for exabyte demand with the new products and make making sure we get that book, so that people are committed to the qualifications and then can have access to that technology as well, which obviously helps us rebuild the industry and the margins that we have. We can share that with suppliers as well. So just that predictability is our priority right now, not adding more capacity.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Asiya. I would say that the visibility is not as good as what we have from the CSPs today, but it's been a fairly sharp downturn in on-prem enterprise, as well over the last year. So talking to the customers, they see some of that coming back, maybe not as early, but probably into FY ‘25 later in the year. So that's what we're targeting right now. And again, trying to get the new products qualified there so we can answer it with exabytes. We think that over time on-prem is going to grow, because a lot of the cool applications that people are talking about, read AI applications, will need on-prem storage, as well for various reasons, snapshotting and checkpointing of the data and just making sure you feed all the AI engines with mass data at the edge. So we think there's opportunity there, but it's definitely lagging what we're seeing in CSPs right now.
Dave Mosley: Well, yes, we're pretty convicted from our comments in the prepared remarks, of course. You know, in short, Erik, we're looking at the data and we have thousands of drives running in our shop. We have at the customer sites as well they're running under a variety of workloads and we're mindful of the fact that we have to prove the long-term performance. We had some supplier issues during the course of this summer when we went to high volume, but we see the fixes and we see how they're responding in the test beds that we've got. So we're very optimistic about getting through these things. Our industry's really upped its game as the drives, they have to last for five, six, seven, years in the data center. It takes a little time to prove that kind of performance. We can't just fix that in a week. We have to actually prove it ourselves. So the bar is pretty high, but we'll get over the bar really soon, and that's why we're optimistic about it.
Dave Mosley: And then Krish, relative to your question, for me, there is some evidence that the cloud continues to strengthen going into calendar ‘25. We don't want to talk about that too much just yet, but I think enterprise on-prem will, this is to a CS question, will improve in exabyte demand as well in calendar ‘25. Our exabytes are fairly committed through calendar ‘24, so we have limited supply and FY ‘25 is starting to fill up. And for customers needing more exabyte scale, that's why we're driving the mix via new product introduction, so hard that we talked about.
Dave Mosley: Yes. Hi, Aaron. So on SMR, I would just say, look, we've qualified SMR at all customers that want it, and SMR as a percentage of the total is really a function of what customer is pulling in a given quarter. And so we work with the customers that they happen to want -- there's different flavors of SMR. There's some people who need variance of CMR, and there's a lot of different complexity in the customer base. We'll ship whatever the customer needs. Relative to margins, SMR, does it help margins or hurt margins? It's not very relevant. It helps capacity points in some cases, and that's important for individual customers, but we have options to go wherever we want to in the different flavors of SMR if we have to.
Dave Mosley: Yes. Thanks for the question, Tim. So we're going to be very cautious given what we've just been through. So it's not ancient history, and I guess the scars are fairly fresh on our back, not only us but our entire industry, right? So the entire supply chain needs to recover. I think as we start to look out further and people are booking with more confidence things further along, we'll probably add back some people, use some of the existing capacity that we have, top out at that 125 number or maybe slightly higher than that, which we'll work as tough as we can inside of operations to do that. We can grow more exabytes by getting through product transitions. And that's one of the reasons why we're driving so hard to get through the product transition. So we don't have to necessarily answer it with new CapEx. We have the CapEx that can actually go through the product transitions already. And that's the way we're going to answer it first, and then we'll see how much demand continues above that. Historically, as you all know, demand has been significantly higher for HDDs before the pandemic and even in -- sometimes during the pandemic. So we've been through a wild ride from a supply chain perspective and the demand, especially with some of these new applications that are coming online, continues to go north. We'll have to deal with that at the time. I think it's too early to do that yet.
Dave Mosley: Well, the way I would think about it instead is as we go to higher and higher capacity points, that value proposition into their data center, if they're going to be running those drives for five to seven years, is huge, right? They're getting more power efficiency and everything else. And so yes, they see that TCO benefit as well driving through the product transition.
Dave Mosley: Right, Karl. I mean the BTO process gives us the visibility that we need. I don't think I would take away that's some middle of next year or anything else. I mean we're going to be very aggressive on all of the products moving forward to give exabytes that way. The high volume issues, the process issues that we've seen are really valuable learning for us, and I'm happy that the industry is all aligned at 4 terabytes and 5 terabyte value propositions that are not too far away. So we're going to aggressively drive these introductions and be as aggressive as you can just to help reconstitute the margin in the industry. We've had a busy summer making it work, of course, but I wouldn't trade all those learnings in as far as future ramps and future qualifications. Let's go.
Dave Mosley: Right. If it helps, the utilization generally is high, but there are various factories in the industry and the supply chain that have been pulled offline. So the question is do we bring those factories back online, even though the utilization of the existing factories might be high than bringing new factory -- or the -- sorry, some of the old factories back online is one of the questions we're dealing with.
Dave Mosley: C.J., on the bookings, if you will, some of that stuff was booked, as I mentioned before, as much as a quarter ago as we started to see the demand go up. So we're fairly confident in the price and the volume that we can actually supply towards the back half of the year.
Dave Mosley: And C.J., you also asked a question about whether it's accretive or dilutive to gross margins. That's not exactly the way we think about it. HAMR unlocks new capacity points, of course, very quickly, and so we'll drive for that. It's a better TCO proposition as I talked about before. There's not significant cost issues with the HAMR platforms. So I think what we can do over time is drive for more product efficiency, especially as we get higher and higher capacity drives, the lower capacity drives become much more component efficient, and that's exactly why we're driving the transition.
Dave Mosley: Yes. Thanks, Mehdi. So these are questions that we're stewing on now since the last year has been so operationally focused, to your earlier point, and thanks for all the accolades. I mean it's a very, very tough year that we've been through, but we're going to have to start addressing these questions. A lot of it comes down to what ultimately the demand is and is that demand persistent. What we don't want to do is drive our supply back up to some higher demand thing and then go through the same kind of cycle again. We just can't. We can't do that, I mean, on our financial footing. So we're going to have to address the debt. Depending on what the demand ultimately is, we're going to have to address the debt where it is. But if the demand is even higher, then we'll address that when it comes. And I think it's too early to speculate on what that is. We're still recovering from what we've just been through.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Steve. It is difficult math because you have to understand exactly what the mix is of the demand that comes, right? So if it's all highest capacity drives, that's one question. If you get a lot of mid-capacity -- mid-range capacity, which is really the strength that we saw before the pandemic, was mid-range capacity and if some of that starts coming back, there's various customers that may need that. We answer the call differently for our product today or once we drive through these transitions, we're much more efficient, right? So a lot of it will depend upon the exact mix. I think where we are right now is our thinking is do not add any drive capacity at all. Just continue to be as utilized as we can and wait and see how that mix develops.
Dave Mosley: That's a pretty rich question. Let me try this Ananda. So I think, remember, a few years ago, we talked about the cloud being in the early innings. I think most of what we're seeing as far as demand right now is traditional cloud workloads, continuing to migrate to the cloud, so that's maybe middle innings -- maybe still early innings for that matter. As far as GenAI, I think we're in the very early innings. So we can all see the efficiency of some of these new applications that are coming, but I have yet to see the big data applications really taking up. And I think they will come with video creation, video storage, video consumption at the edge, exactly to your point. More importantly, I think a lot of AI applications will need snapshotting in order to trust them. I mean if you make a decision with an AI engine, you're going to need to be able to prove that, that decision was the right decision by having snapshots of the data. And I think that's the biggest opportunity that we see at the edge and in the cloud. And so we're quite excited about it, but it's still very early. We do have some purchase orders that are specifically targeted at AI, but we have not really seen how fast some of these are going to grow. And especially for the big data applications that we're really excited about, they're still in the very early innings.
Dave Mosley: Yes. I think the way I think about this is there's different kinds of customers that have different kinds of qualifications and also those customer architectures are more and less tolerant of certain kind of faults and things like that. And we're very communicative with the customers on this. So the volume ramp has begun. It's not as aggressive as we were 6 months ago because of some of these volume issues that we have, but we're going to continue to ship more and more units to other people and learn from those shipments as well as we build volume in our factories, we'll learn about these -- some of these supplier interactions that really slowed us down.
Dave Mosley: No, I think the test beds are up and running. The firmware, we have high confidence in the firmware qualification, and we think we're over that. We're always doing firmware updates for new features for various customers, various market segments and so on. I mean we talked about this in the SMR details earlier. There's always architectural changes going on. So I think we're fairly confident about that.
Dave Mosley: This is a very interesting topic as well, Mark. From my perspective, it's time for the PC ecosystem to get some new applications. And so I'm very excited about it. I hope that some of those applications are what I'll call video editing applications. And so then the question is where is the data. Is it on the PC forever? Is it right next to the PC? Is it in the closet in the small, medium business? Is it up in the cloud? I mean as long as those applications are creating data and you want to store that data for a long time, I'm happy with it. Some of the sharing may not be as rich, but I think people are going to be very creative with some of the applications that are coming. We've seen the applications in the AI PC space, but I think the adoption is still going to be slow. And I hope I'm wrong. I mean I hope it's a little bit faster.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Gary, and everyone on the call. We appreciate your participation and your questions today. Hopefully, you've seen our enthusiasm for how Seagate is positioned to address the improving demand environment across all of our end markets. By continuing to focus on the fundamentals, the strong financial and operational execution and advancing our areal density growth road map, Seagate is well positioned to deliver value both to our customers and our shareholders, and we look forward to keeping you posted on our progress.
Gianluca Romano: Thank you, Wamsi. Well, I would say, first of all, we are very satisfied with the trend in our gross margin. This quarter, I mean, the June quarter, was even little bit higher than what we were expecting. So we went a little bit faster on both the pricing actions and the reduction in our internal cost. This is going on. We expect this to happen again in the September quarter. It's always difficult to perfectly estimate how much will be the impact for the full quarter. As you know, volume is going up. So the underutilization charges will decline even more in September, and we don't really expect this cost to be impacting the company through fiscal ‘25. And then, of course, because of the supply-demand balance now is a bit different than what was in the past. We still expect some improvement on the pricing action. So everything is reflected in our guidance and the trend is continuing and is going in the right direction.
Gianluca Romano: In terms of gross margin, as I said before, we are going in the right direction. We have improved our gross margin by a lot in the last three or four quarters, so we are pleased with this trend. And we see further improvements coming in the current quarter. And then, as we discussed also in the past, we see both revenue and profitability continue to improve through the calendar ‘24. So we are fairly optimistic of course, we always need to check supply and demand balance and we need to have enough volume to bring underutilization charges to zero and right now it is in our forecast. So we are going the right direction, and we are not giving a new range for now. But as Dave said in his script, especially the hard disk part of the business is particularly strong and is already at the top of what we have in the current model range in terms of gross margin.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. On the pricing, of course, we are coming out from a fairly long down cycle, and we have started to increase our pricing based on the increased demand a few quarters ago. Part of the pricing is already included in our build to order that Dave already discussed, so already is part of the volume that already include a certain pricing for the next several quarters and is another part that will be discussed during the quarter in terms of upside and in different segments. In some segments, now the demand is strong, especially in the cloud. Enterprise OEM is also starting to improve. That is very good for us. Video and image application, I think through the end of the calendar year, will show some further improvement. Of course, there is also part of the business more in the legacy side that is not currently growing. Obviously the industry is becoming more healthy. The ecosystem is improving. So the pricing trend is going in the direction where we have discussed also in the last couple of quarters and of course is part of the improvement that we can see in the gross margin.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. I would say the June quarter came out better than what we were expecting, so we have anticipated a little bit of that gross margin improvement in the June quarter. Again, we are very positive for the current quarter. We have included in the guidance what we already have agreed with customers, and then we will see how the quarter will come out, can come out also a little bit better than what we expect in terms of pricing but of course, depends on what are the negotiations through the quarter. We are happy on the cost side. Cost is declining, so this is helping us. And it will be another step during the second part of the calendar year. So in terms of SMR, I don't know if, Dave, you want to answer that question.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. Tim, finally, the supply-demand dynamics will determine the price. That's a reality at the end. So demand is fairly strong at least in part of the business right now, and hopefully, this will continue for a certain number of quarters in the future.
Gianluca Romano: I would say we -- of course, now we have HAMR, which is in qualification right now. And in the script, we said we will have few other customers that will qualify in the next few quarters, and then we will ramp more volume. But we have, of course, many other products that we can use to answer the increase in demand between now and when we have a significant ramp in HAMR.
Gianluca Romano: I'm not sure I got the question. But if you're talking about the level of underutilization, is not going to be any significant impact for the fiscal year '25. So that will help our cost per terabyte, our cost in general and is one factor on the increase of the gross margin that we expect.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. So I would say, all what you said will be an help to our gross margin, of course, the pricing in the BTO, the eventual pricing that we will negotiate through the rest of the quarter and the fiscal year, now assuming demand is still growing as we expect and of course, also HAMR. HAMR, hopefully, we will be able to ship a significant volume in the next few quarters, and that will help also our gross margin to grow.
Gianluca Romano: Yes, in terms of the balance sheet, we've already partially addressed the high level of debt. We enter into the down cycle with $6.2 billion of debt. We are now at $5.7 million. Our liquidity is much better than what it was a few quarters ago. We were fairly open in the discussion even in the prior quarters. We want to bring this debt down possibly around the $5 billion. And then we see, based on where the business is, if we want to do even more or we stay at that level.
