Dave Mosley: Hi, Sherri. We are taking aggressive cost reduction actions, but the ramp of the nearline products and re-equilibrating versus what we saw in Q1 was pretty substantial. Nearline went up about 11% in exabytes quarter-over-quarter. That's 18% year-over-year and a lot of that is being driven by sixes and eights moving hard and we will continue that into this quarter as well. So it's pretty profound there.
Dave Mosley: We still believe that some of the cloud service providers are in hold back mode. There is lot of diversity in the Tier 2 buildout, but there are still people there with their capital budgets that are fairly conservative through this time. So we do see that in the back half of this year, some of them will come back into, not only scale out but also refresh of their existing data centers as well.
Dave Mosley: Well, I guess a couple of answers, Rich. I think in terms of the macro view on the industry, I still think the investing world is not quite grasping. The transition is around where storage is being stored. It's locale of the storage, just not the amount of what's being stored that's basically shifting and those are architectural implications. And architectural implications are actually enhancing the application. So it's feeding off of one another, but from every source of data that we have, we still have 95% to 98% of your bits are ultimately being stored on a disk drive or more. As you know, cloud infrastructures usually replicate. So even though there is a reduced number of drives being in the client, the data being generated by the client is still ultimately stored on a disk drive. And as it turns out, it's exactly stored in a disk drive that is harder to make and takes more absorption in the factories in terms of number of heads and disk and the content in those heads and disk is quit a bit higher. So, from a manufacturer's perspective, it's a good thing because you are getting more absorption. That being said, there is a lot of growth in the silicon related pieces of the business, not at the expense of the HDD business per se and that's an area that we are serious about obviously. We are building what we think is a very good business, both at the systems level and the device level. And it stands what we do with HDDs as well as how we incorporate various levels of silicon, all way up to all-flash arrays and other devices. So we like the overall storage business and we particularly like the fact that we think that the HDD business itself is going to benefit from the continued trend of more people being more connected, generating richer content. So I think, to that point, when you look at the competitive aspects, the WD, SanDisk transaction is interesting on one level that it certainly is a huge endorsement of the HDD industry, because in order to pay back anywhere from $20 billion to $30 billion over seven to 10 years just for the debt, that has to come from the HDD business, because the flash business obviously has its own capital needs that are becoming more substantial because the technology shift they are facing. So I think that's a big endorsement of, if WD can generate $20 billion, $30 billion over 10 years just to pay back debt and then you have to do capital and things on top of it, that sounds like a pretty good industry. And it's an industry that we think we are ahead technically, but if you want to say we are equal, that's fine. But it's also one that we are entirely focused now and we are not be cutting R&D. And so when I look at the transaction, I do think it's tough to 40 times earnings for a company and finance it all with debt. I do think that the interest expense on that transaction is obviously 2X what it should have been or what was maybe expected to be six months ago. And it fell to us, like the operating expense reduction side of $1 billion were aggressive in light of the fact there is only $4 billion of OpEx to begin with and we have always viewed WD as a pretty lean organization. So to say that there is $1 billion coming out of that business, that may be true but then some of it has got to be coming out of R&D. And that's not what we are doing. And so we believe investing in your core technology when at the product level and then on top of it there is this technology shift that as it does relate to our silicon business, we want to make sure that we have access to the best silicon technology and as we stack up the various players, you have Samsung as the clear leader, both in terms of capital and technology. They have announced their third fab, $17 billion, thank you, in 3D. Hynix is doing great in 3D and we have good dialogue with them. Micron and Intel, leading with 3D XPoint. And 3D XPoint, of course Micron is a planar technology company as well. So we think our engagement with those companies which is quite active provides us access to the technology that we need to pursue our silicon strategy. And we do think that the recent shift in Toshiba's position on what they can do with planar does raise questions of how are they going to compete with companies that have two to 10 times the capital budgets. So we feel pretty good about the industry and we certainly feel about our relative position.
Steve Luczo: Sherri, just to further point out what Dave said, so the cost actions really in terms of how they impact COGS are really in the quarters to come more so than the improvement in the last quarter. That was more related, again, to mix and introducing some of these new products that are higher traction on the eight TB, but I think in terms of the margin improvement we see going forward we are pretty encouraged by what we see in terms of the cost actions related to capacity and supply chain optimization that will impact COGS going through rest of the calendar year.
Steve Luczo: Yes. As I cited in the opening remarks, Rich, that our cash flow relative to our dividend payment is not concern for us at all.
Steve Luczo: Yes. Let me answer your back question and then I may direct you to an offline discussion so we may have debate about growth rates. But the pricing is like-for-like in certain rate market rises .We are not talking mix. We are talking about prices that have to address the value of the products in a lot of the client space, it's just ridiculous. And I think I made this statement a year ago that the industry was not serving itself by subsidizing client products by trying sell more nearline products just say within the margin range, because this day would come that you don't have any room left. And I think now the industry is recognizing it. Whether or not you are making 10 points of margin on the client or five points, it is nowhere near 20 which is what some people cited and that's nowhere near what you need to basically fund the technology going forward. So there is going to have to be adjustments on the client side to reflect what we do. So the price, I think, goes across certain markets and it's like-for-like. We show 10% growth sequentially in exabyte shipments for us, up to 60.6 exabytes. So I am not sure where that information is coming from that you are referencing. So instead of wasting time here --
Steve Luczo: So instead of talking about it on this call, because we see growth in exabytes and in the nearline space, I would rather take it offline, because it is going to chew up too much time debating data right now. But as I said in the script, we have 10% up sequentially on exabytes shipped and our enterprise exabytes were up 21%. So we are encouraged by the mix up in the enterprise and in the cloud service providers.
Steve Luczo: I forgot to answer the Toshiba question. Thanks for re-asking it. Yes, I don't know. We can't predict what's going on at Toshiba. We can say that we have noticed a marked decline in their presence in certain markets and maybe part of what Nidec was seeing was reduced from them. We don't know and we actually don't really believe Nidec sees all its orders two weeks into the quarter anyhow. But look, it's obviously a difficult situation at Toshiba at the corporate level and clearly their number one priority is to save the fabs and it doesn't make sense to me that being in the drive business serves that purpose. But what they decide is up to them. So if you had asked me where was my gauging of would Toshiba be in the business in the next one to three years today versus where was it six months or a year ago, I am much more towards the end that they are not going to be in this business in the next one to three years, just because I don't how I see how they can be competitively, given where areal density is going and given where manufacturing is and given some of their bigger corporate issues, I just can't imagine that that's where they want to spend their R&D expense or frankly their cash flow.
Steve Luczo: Yes. Again, just to emphasize, Aaron, that's what my point was that we think the next focus of our effort is around issues that impact gross margin.
Steve Luczo: I was going to say, yes, I think in particular, as it relates to the super high performance, super high data rate, data processing applications like petro and some of the other energy applications, that's where our high-performance compute solution has been particularly strong because we really have the fastest system to feed those higher levels of, again, call it storage, call it memory. But somehow you have to have a back end that's serving that thing very well. And we have to be the leader in that space. And that leadership comes through partnerships as well as some great companies like Cray and Teradata and others.
Steve Luczo: Okay. So just to wrap it up again, I guess we will again thank everyone and we look forward to speaking to you after the next quarter.
