William David Mosley: Thanks, Kate. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. For today's earnings call, I will cover the high-level results from the June quarter and fiscal 2018. Our CFO, Dave Morton, will then discuss certain financial highlights, and I will close the call with our outlook for the September quarter. I’m pleased to report Seagate's financial results for the June quarter reflect very strong year-over-year growth in revenue and profitability. We achieved revenues of $2.8 billion, up 18% year-over-year, GAAP gross margins of 31.9%, and net income of $461 million. GAAP diluted earnings per share were $1.57. On a non-GAAP basis, Seagate achieved gross margins of 32.4%, net income of $475 million and diluted earnings per share of $1.62. HDD exabyte shipments for the June quarter were 92.9 exabytes, up 49% year-over-year. The average capacity per drive across the HDD portfolio was a record 2.5 terabytes per drive, up 40% year-over-year and the average selling price per unit was approximately $72, up 12% year-over-year. GAAP and non-GAAP operating expenses were $399 million with non-GAAP down 5% year-over-year. Cash flow from operations for the quarter was $468 million and free cash flow was $372 million. Turning to our full fiscal year 2018 results, our solid business model execution drove year-over-year growth in revenue, profitability and cash flow generation. Strong year-over-year growth and exabyte shipments reflects the competitiveness of our mass storage solutions and their alignment with the growing demand for data products globally. For the full fiscal year of 2018, Seagate achieved revenue growth of 4% year-over-year, $2.1 billion of cash flow from operations, up 10% year-over-year and $1.7 billion of free cash flow, up 18% year-over-year. GAAP net income and non-GAAP net income growth of approximately 53% and 31%, respectively. GAAP diluted earnings per share of $4.05, up 57% year-over-year and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $5.51, up 34% year-over-year. GAAP gross margins of 30.1% and non-GAAP gross margins of 30.7% and total exabyte growth of 29% year-over-year. I'll turn the call over to Dave Morton to go into more depth on our operational activity shortly. Before I do so, I'd like to address the announcement we made today in addition to our earnings results regarding our CFO transition. Dave Morton, who has been our CFO for close to three years and with the company for over 23 years has decided to leave Seagate for a Senior Finance Executive role at another company. We will be conducting a search for the Chief Financial Officer role and the Board has appointed Kate Scolnick, Interim Chief Financial Officer. Kate is a Senior Vice President and the Company Treasurer and over the last six years has been an integral part of Seagate's senior leadership team. On behalf of the management team and the Board, we thank Dave Morton for his leadership of the finance organization and his many contributions to our business. And I’d also like to thank Kate for taking on increased responsibilities. With that, I will turn the call over to Dave.
William David Mosley: Thanks, Dave. Strong global macroeconomic conditions and global investments in IT infrastructure persist leading to higher cloud data center and edge demand. For Seagate, secular market growth trends in nearline, surveillance and SSD are more than offsetting mature market trends as in -- such as in the compute and mission-critical markets. Given the current macroeconomic environment and forecast for data growth and related storage spending, we believe we are on pace to demonstrate another year of revenue and profitability growth and strong cash flow generation in fiscal 2019. To meet the needs of the growing broad base of customers and verticals requiring mass storage solutions, particularly in the cloud environments, we're bringing out a number of new technology enhancements, including multi-actuator designs, security features and application workload advancements specific to cloud customers. An important aspect of Seagate storage portfolio that will accelerate through fiscal 2019 is growing our SSD revenue in the SaaS, NVMe, consumer and gaming markets as we integrate our TMC NAND supply and qualify our products with customers. These qualifications are going well and our expectations are to achieve double-digit sequential quarterly revenue growth through the fiscal year. With favorable conditions and continued execution, we now have NAND supply to sustain this rate of growth over the next few years. For the September quarter, we anticipate year-over-year revenue, exabyte and profitability growth with continued strong enterprise demand and sequential seasonal demand in the compute and gaming markets. We remain bit constrained and we're working to serve our customers across their portfolio needs as we actively work to optimize our media and heads for our entire mass storage solution product set. We expect total revenues in the September quarter to be up approximately 5% sequentially, demonstrating year-over-year revenue growth of over 10%. This rate of sequential growth should continue through the December quarter as well. Cash flow from operations for the September quarter are forecasted to be approximately $500 million, up significantly year-over-year. We expect gross margins for the September quarter to be at the midpoint of our 29% to 33% long-term range, as we competitively participate in the seasonal demand for HDD gaming, consumer and compute products, continue to ramp to yield our highest capacity products within our HDD enterprise portfolio, and ramp our SSD business revenue. Our vertically integrated factory utilization remains very high. We continue to manage our day-to-day operating expenses tightly and work to align our organization with future opportunities. Toward these efforts, we're executing a voluntary retirement plan in the September quarter that is outside of our restructuring activities. This plan will increase our overall operating expenses by approximately 5% sequentially. Beyond September, overall operating expenses will then decline to approximately $385 million a quarter, providing further leverage to our fiscal year '19 financial model and at the low-end of our long-term financial model range of 13% to 15%. To address the high-capacity mass storage HDD demand signals and the product transitions we've planned for FY19 and beyond, we're increasing our capital expenditures in the September and December quarter's to approximately 6% of revenue. For the fiscal year, we're forecasting capital expenditures to remain below our long-term targeted range of 6% to 8% of revenue. In summary, I’d like to thank our customers, suppliers, business partners and employees for their alignment and contributions to our strong fiscal year 2018 results. These efforts have Seagate well-positioned for future success and value creation in FY2019 and beyond. Thank you for joining us on the call today. And we'll now open-up the call for questions and answers.
William David Mosley: That’s right, Katy. So we really want to answer the higher mix that we're seeing all the time. And as we do that, we’ve to launch new products. Some of those new products we have to get to yield -- ramp to yield as quickly as we can. And those are some of the headwinds that we’re facing I think, but long-term I don't think those trends are bad for us. I think they’re very good.
William David Mosley: Yes. Steve, I don't think we want to tip our hand too much. But you can see from the interfaces that we’re addressing, that we're really going after the enterprise most heavily, I mean, Seagate has deep experience with SaaS drives, of course, and that's what we've had qualified in the past. So the transition as we get more NAND supply online, the transition in some of those existing customers already took to just more market share. And maybe a little bit of horizontal proliferation to the new customers as well as possible in SaaS. NVMe is -- as we all know, it's fairly new and changing very quickly. There's a lot of demand for new feature sets. We feel fairly linked in with customers there and we feel like we've a pretty good product portfolio. So as the market switches to NVMe, especially with enterprise features associated with that, with our customer intimacy we should do pretty well. There are also other consumer and gaming markets that we will try to deploy the new assets against, but it look -- really stays -- we really stay focused on enterprise.
William David Mosley: Yes, they’re short-term and long-term. The component piece will be relatively longer lead times, so we’re looking out into FY20 and '21 and making sure we have the right comp on stands with the market there. But there will be some short-term tactical things like more test capacity and things like that, because as we move to higher and higher capacity points for the individual disk drives, then we need more test capacity to answer that.
William David Mosley: Yes, so for watchers of the industry over the last 10 years, you’ve seen these digestion phases that the cloud goes through. I would say in answer to Katy's question as well, we don't see that in the next six months. Some of that will be driven a little bit by what's going on in the macro, but we don't see that in the near horizon at least. Longer-term the nice thing for us right now is not only the propagation of customers globally, it's not just a few hyperscale people that are doing massive installs, its globally happening. The other thing is that these capacity points are driving north. So I think as people are doing the install, they’re not just answering the call of yesterday's data, they’re actually the data growth is very large. So they want our highest capacity drives. Just over the last few years we've seen almost a 40% CAGR, but just in this last period that we’re in is ticking up. So we are watching carefully. I think, Amanda, to answer your question about any of these digestion phases that we've been bit by the past, but we don't see one in the near-term here.
William David Mosley: I do think that this cycle is getting people to acknowledge that they have to be a little bit more strategic on the install. And so, therefore if you’re building a big data center, you don't show up in the last few weeks and surprise us with a bunch of new demand, because we just can't answer it in that kind of lead lines. I think most of our large-scale customers are smart about that and that is affecting that cycle that you made reference to. Pricing will still stay aggressive for the highest capacity points I think and we will continue to have to answer that with cost reductions and new product introductions in areal density is the same way we ever have.
William David Mosley: So as far as the new feature developments, I would say that some of this comes with the maturation of the market. You see customers who want their specific applications optimized and there -- they can pick from a plethora of different features that we've developed arguably over the years for key OEMs or for some of the early movers in the cloud. Now you're starting to see optimization scenarios for some of the growing Tier 2 people and so on. I think what that does is it creates a great business relationship between the companies. It's not necessarily something that that drives a lot of increased revenue or anything other than the fact that it speeds up their transition and makes their data centers more effective, so that they can get done with -- to get done. Beyond six months from now, it's really hard to tell, I mean, we've all been through these cloud cycles before and so I'm -- maybe a little -- there's a little bit of trepidation always that there is another digestion phase coming. But again given how broad-based it is this time, I think it'll probably more muted and we will stay at or above the traditional growth rates, I think.
William David Mosley: Yes, I think that over time given the new NAND supply agreement, we will be able to grow certainly accretive to our operating income, which is where really what I'm focused on. The SSD businesses that we have, the lines of business that we have. I think it is fair to say that so far it's been -- it's not been accretive on the gross margin line or the operating income line, and we’re going to go over to fix that as we move forward.
William David Mosley: Yes, it depends on the portfolio pretty well, Aaron. You know trying to balance all the things we can for revenue growth and cash flow generations on.
William David Mosley: Yes, Rob, I really don't think that’s going to happen and we’re seeing growth in some of the non-client compute markets, the surveillance in particular. Some of the edge devices, the burgeoning edge device, I mean, we might even classify gaming as that, video cashing at the edge is going to be a big market. So, as we look to balance all those things, like I said and to the answer to Aaron's question, we’re going to try to grow revenue first and then balance cash flow. Could the market all become cloud, I don’t think the demand will grow that big, but its growing pretty fast in the last couple of years. So if it could have been nice for us to be able to pivot to there, we’re going to need more heads and disks and drive capacity and so on and so forth to do that. But I would hesitate to say that the other markets are winnowing away if anything, they’re growing in exabytes as well.
William David Mosley: Okay. Thanks, everyone. I would like to again thank all of our customers, suppliers, partners and employees for a great quarter, and we'll talk to you again next quarter. Thanks.
