Dave Mosley: Thanks, Gianluca. The fundamental demand drivers from mass capacity storage remain intact, while the external challenges discussed today are impacting our Q4 outlook. I am confident in the long-term growth trajectory of the business backed by the combined strength of our operational execution, technology roadmap and strong product portfolio. Demand for data continues to grow in both public and private clouds and at the edge with a broadening of VIA applications. These trends support mass capacity revenue TAM doubling every five years or so and reaching $26 billion by calendar 2026. Seagate’s leadership in mask capacity technology and strong product portfolio make us ideally positioned to capture these opportunities from the 20 plus terabyte drives we are shipping today to the 30 plus terabyte HAMR products under development, along with our cost optimized portfolio of mid-cap drives. We are taking actions to improve margin and cash flow as we move through the calendar year, barring any additional macro disruption, which is consistent with our priorities to drive profitability and free cash flow generation. Finally, embedded in Seagate’s culture of innovation and execution is our commitment to running a sustainable business, one that balances profitability with people and our planet. We marked Earth Day this year with the release of our 16th Global Citizenship Annual Report, an announcement of two important goals that reflect our deep commitment to sustainability. The first goal is to utilize 100% renewable energy across our global footprint by 2030. The second is to achieve net zero carbon footprint by 2040 done in collaboration with our customers to eliminate Scope 3 emissions and, in turn, support their environmental goals. We continue to see opportunities to partner more closely with customers for the benefit of sustainability as well as circularity. The world's precious resources are finite and we are working to expand programs focused on reducing our impact to the planet through efforts to recycle and reuse drives, components and raw materials. I'm very proud of the important work our teams are accomplishing. In fiscal 2021, we recycled more than 1 million drives and recovered over 1 metric ton of rare earth materials. I'd like to conclude by thanking our employees for their incredible efforts, our suppliers and customers for their partnership and our shareholders for their ongoing trust in Seagate. Gianluca and I will now take your questions.
Dave Mosley: Sure. Thanks, Wamsi. Thanks for the question. A few things, I'd say, just mindful of geopolitical challenges everywhere. And I think the channels, to your question, the distribution channels are quite disrupted everywhere, not just in Europe, but all over the world. The COVID shutdowns obviously affecting major cities to the extent we have customers in those cities, the customers aren't – can't deal with their demand predictably, they can't install gear at the rate that they were thinking about because people are in lockdown and, of course, having issues. We don't really have any concerns over China cloud long-term and there is strong customer interest in 18s and 20s and dual actuators and all the other things that we make for the cloud. So that's actually a pretty good story for us still. The VIA markets, like you've mentioned, but also the distribution channel, what's really being impacted more, and that's where you get value-added resellers that just can't – they don't have access to either their end customers very well or they don't have confidence. So there's a lot of trepidation around the channel. They're not pulling a lot of inventory into which is from a disk drive perspective is actually – I don't think there's too much inventory in the channels. There are some other component issues to your question, so some people are having challenges getting smaller components. Relative to our logistics, the costs are up, but there is no real impact to our supply for HDDs. But we are mindful of the fact that they're – especially when we build the systems business, like in our script, Gianluca talked about some shortages we had in the systems business, when you get into smaller piece parts and more boutique parts that aren't high volume, it gets tougher, especially for all those people doing the integration. That's would affect – that's what's affecting demand.
Dave Mosley: Yes, that's right. The lockdowns and some of the other things that are going on macro level have affected the first half. We still think that there is growth coming in the second half. There is another year of mass capacity revenue growth, which is plugging along nicely. There is healthy cloud demand we see further out. We do think some of these temporal things that I just referenced is – we'll abate at some point, but I think it's a little bit too early to call that number. So, we'll probably just talk to you about it on the next earnings call. Yes, Gianluca wants to add some.
Dave Mosley: Yes. Thanks, Tom. I wouldn't say pricing to our advantage, but I would say that we're very mindful of all the trends that are going on. So there are freight and logistics costs, which we've talked about fairly openly. In the early days, we called some of that COVID impacts. We really didn't quantify it anymore, but there are other raw materials that the prices are going up. And the way we address those things are product transitions, complexity reduction, which is actually helping with some of the supply chain challenges, working with our customers to come up with more creative alternatives, say, for example, ocean freight, and the customers can help there as well. So we work in partnership, but we do need to be very mindful of the fact that as we go through product transitions to higher and higher content drives, we need to get paid for our investment as well. So pricing will be a factor in all of those things. And that's what we're driving with the discussions that we have with our customers.
Dave Mosley: Yes. I think the large – for the large part, Seagate is not really exposed to the PC market anymore. There is a little bit especially gaming PCs and some specialty PCs. There's a little bit in there still. The distribution channel still uses some PC drives as well, but the volume is very small compared to what it was historically. The other things like consumer, obviously, consumers impacted by inflation mission-critical, it's still in there because there's 100 million slot – SaaS slots out there in the world, some of them want replacement drives and things like that. So it's, I would say, generally flat. It is impacted by spending reductions that happened when things happen in the world, but what we saw in the frontend of the pandemic is it came back relatively strong, I don't expect consumer to come back strong, like the work-from-home trends created. I don't expect this part of the pandemic to create the same thing. But the legacy market is not going down very much anymore. So flat is probably the way I'd call it for a couple of quarters.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Patrick. Yes, a couple of things on that point. We talk to the customers deeply, trying to understand their forecasts and things like that for what they need. So we know there is pent-up demand out there. We always – all of us, the customers and ourselves are always asking is it double booking or something like that. But the way the orders are getting filled today when the supply does break free, I'm confident that there is some snowplow pent-up demand there coming. So that's a – that's good trend. It doesn't mean that it will be solved overnight. It's not one particular type. Like everyone talks about, semiconductor parts being the gate or something like that, I mean, from what we see, there is small piece parts, passives. There is even sheet metal. I mean, it's – a lot of it comes down to whether people can get people into factories, whether the suppliers can get people into factories to build all the parts, and that – that's where the shutdown start having some problems, but are creating some problems just like the frontend of the pandemic. I do think it's going to abate a little bit quicker this time. And so, we'll see. We're working with the customers. We are also building up a little bit of inventory right now. And so, we have inventory to answer the call for them. We're kind of happy with our balance of supply and demand today and happy to go into the back half of the year, but we do have a little bit of extra inventory should the customers need it.
Dave Mosley: Yes. Thanks Eddie. It is we – to first order supply and demand being balance is the thing that affects it the most to the extent that we can ramp the new programs and sell those. I think and they're yielding well and the scrap is low and everything else, which I'm very happy with. I think that's the best way to address the market. The 20 terabyte high volume that we talked about in the back half of the year will certainly be a great product from a margin perspective. But even though these midcap cost optimized drives that we've launched in the last six month, those are really hitting their stride as well. So I think we've got a good portfolio to go forward when all the demand comes back to Patrick's question, right. We've got a good portfolio to go forward. Factories will be full, so the margins should improve.
Dave Mosley: Yes, obviously Erik, there's a distribution channel worldwide, that's the stuff that we can move fastest things that we have for example, long-term agreements or key OEM relationships where we're trying to drive predictably, that stuff that's moves slower. Sometimes the inflationary pressures come really quickly. Sometimes there are things that are affecting everyone. And so I think everyone gets it. We deal with procurement people who are experts themselves, they know what's going on. They know what we're suffering with. Again, our first answer isn't pricing, it's usually to try to help each other for ways around it. But ultimately, we have to get paid for what we do. So, I mean, there's different time horizons, I guess, is the best way to say it for what we can go implement.
Dave Mosley: Yes. Not too much on legacy. I think it does – there's some interesting trends going on. I won't opine on this too much other than to say that as I talk to different customers, there are some people who are being forced through product transitions and sometimes that's a way to alleviate ultimately the supply challenge, but you go through a product transition to the new product to make it more efficient so that people can get more parts, but then there your legacy stuff, if you will goes into life and that becomes a challenge for you as well, because you need some of the legacy stuff to go make your product. So it's a complicated world, when supplies behind demand on all of these parts, because people are trying to get you more parts, but they're taking you through these product transitions and not everybody goes at the same speed through them. And we don't really have that issue too much in the HDD business, but we see it a lot outside of us. So we're mindful of that and we'll have to work with the customers on it.
Dave Mosley: Sure. I'll give my take on it, Aaron, and then I'll hand it over to Gianluca. I think it all comes down to what are the dynamics that we're seeing tactically in the channels right now. I mean, I think the demand is out there and certainly from the cloud side, the demand is ultimately out there. And then even on the enterprise side, the nearline enterprise, if you will, there's demand, people kidding the entire – getting the entire kit apart is probably more of the issue. So like we referred to earlier, we're actually snowplowing some of that demand right now. To the extent, we can get all of that. We've got a great product set coming as well. So we're really happy about that. We do think there's going to be revenue growth in the back half of the year, but when you get into these compares, I think it just gets a little too early given exactly what we're going through right now.
Dave Mosley: Yes, it's actually an interesting question. We think that we were definitely snowplowing some demand on the system side. We made reference to that. That's where we had some of our component challenges that we couldn't get enough components. And so had we probably been able to attain that I think the margins would've been higher and I'll say at the same level as the HDD gross margins, per our plans. But if it were to drop too much than we might not do that business, but we think that on the system side, there's quite a bit of opportunity and the rest of the stuff in the consumer markets and SSD, we're opportunistic. We take advantage of the kind of current environment, user brand. I would say, think about it as flat. We were just challenged because we can get enough parts last quarter.
Dave Mosley: I think it's largely mixed. Not just VMX, but VMX is a little bit of it. I mean, we do see that market starting to recover like this. So there's a pent-up demand there that ultimately gets served if people find the right components, but 20 terabytes, the mid-cap drives that we talked about the cost optimized mid-cap drives, which are ramping as well. I'm happy with the yields, the factories are full, those are the things that really help us drive the margins.
Dave Mosley: Tough question. I don't know that we've ever really thought of it like that. But I do think that I'll let Gianluca answer here. What I would say C.J. is that at a high level, there's big customers and small customers, the small customers in the channel are the ones that are the most disrupted. The business is being serviced around the world, VIA business is being serviced by individual operators. I call it a white van business sometimes. And so –and that's a fairly profitable set of channels for us. So I think that's what we're going to have to watch the recovery of in order to predict how it goes.
Dave Mosley: Yes, it's not just the one big customer, two big customers though. The diverse channels are the ones that are really being impacted, I think.
Dave Mosley: Yes. Thanks, Kevin. There is some VIA product that is actually nearline product. Yes. And to the extent that we’re ramping those cost optimized mid-cap to satisfy those markets, it’s the same product exactly. Not too much. Most of what we’re talking about is as far as inventory whip and raw materials is really driving 20 terabyte transitions and still selling what we had on the older products, but making sure we wind up for this big ramp that we’ve got on 20s. So that’s the big play there. There’s some small VIA, and there’s some small even legacy, just because the demand’s down a little bit. We keep the factories going and then we repurpose the factories towards more mass capacity later that we’ve been on that trajectory of transition if you will, for the last five years.
Dave Mosley: Totally depends on the product, of course. But one of the reasons why we’re driving the discussions that we are with the cloud is because their volume is so high, not just in number of drives, in heads and media and things like that. We want to make sure we have the right thing for their transition. So those visibilities, if you will, the lead times could be six months. That’s from way for start to drive out. It’s longer than that for some of these big cloud drives. Other markets, we may have – we may want six or eight week visibility. Not too much of our businesses, I’ll call it highly transactional at the end, like it used to be. But if that helps you, different markets are different, the cloud being the longest.
Dave Mosley: Yes. I think there’s a lot – it is hard to manage data centers at high volume, I think like a lot of people are learning in the world. So as I think about some of the smaller providers around the world, it’s not easy to ramp and scale and things like that. So there are all kinds of distractions, especially with the supply chain things that are going on in the world. The bigger you get, the more you have to take offline some older stuff and refurb and upgrade. So it becomes an enormous operational challenge. And I really appreciate how hard that is for everyone to manage. And so therefore, you hear people going through various trends. My sense is right now higher capacity drives are in a hot commodity. I think that the world will go to more bigger percentage of higher capacity drives in the future. I think when we talked about these utilization rates being larger than they ever have been kind of record utilization rates in the cloud. I mean, people have really kind of squeezed as much as they could out of the existing data infrastructure. There’s not a lot of drives that aren’t working 24/7 or aren’t full or that kind of thing in that environment and data just keeps growing. So, from my perspective, directly to question, CY2023 will continue to grow in exabytes. And we’re on a trajectory here in five plus years to double the revenue out of mass capacity. And our products are staged really well for that. So the discussions – the long-term discussions that we’re having with everybody, again, everyone going through temporal problems right now in supply chain, but the long-term discussions are quite favorable for us.
Dave Mosley: Yes. If you read that into my last answer, there’s definitely some of the smaller players that are trying to grow more quickly that are having their own issues with supply chain. And that’s a function of maybe just experience so far. They have aspirational goals to grow much bigger. We can try to help them, but they are going through various supply chain issues. And we think some of that will abate over time. And some of it actually, frankly, they’ll pick architectures that are much more common out there in the world versus trying to optimize their own architecture as well to satisfy application set just because of the supply chain problem. So that’ll probably help the supply situation as well.
Dave Mosley: Right. I think Jim it’s too early to tell. But there is uncertainty. Yes. And you can tell that in our comments. Talking to our customer, the demand is out there. They continue to innovate on feature sets and smart city feature sets and surveillance feature sets. And these things are needed around the world. I mean, to make people safer and to drive all kinds of efficiencies. I’ve had some great conversations about consumer behavior and getting some efficiencies out of that that would help everybody’s margins. And so there’s all these ideas usually that comes with installing new NVR or DVR boxes at the edge, because that’s where a lot of the analytics are done. It’s just right now, I think these channels are fairly disrupted in worldwide, and the bars are – the integrators are not willing to stick their necks out too far because they don’t know exactly what’s going to happen next. And I do think that COVID is a significant part of that, especially in China. I think that once that abates then the new feature sets will be in demand. And I think we’ll start to see it come back.
Dave Mosley: Well, we – Mehdi, I think we talked about quite a bit of our LTAs that we have. It’s not really even forecast at some level, it’s strong discussions that we’re having with customers. When you start talking in the millions and millions of units, and staging the right product for what they need and filling hubs, even a 10% error is just something that we actually put in the hubs around. So, we’re not even forecasting, it’s more co-planning, I would say, the co-planning exercises that we’re doing now.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Mark. So yes, HAMR, we started talking a couple quarters ago about being in product development. So if you’ve watched our companies long enough, you know what that means. We’re kind of in the final throws of development doesn’t mean that the product’s done by any stretch of the imagination, but confidence is pretty high. The gains that have been made in HAMR and reliability testing have been fantastic late. I mean, to the point where we have productizable components right now, we got to get the yields up. We got to solve all the other problems. It’s not just about heat assisted magnetic recording, it’s about all the other things that have to come together in a 30 plus terabyte drive. But we have confidence. We’ve been staging for quite a long time. We’re very communicative with our customers on this, because this is a jump that frankly, they want really badly because that helps their TCO proposition. And there’s a whole host of new features that come out on some other schedule that we’re working with them on as well. So we’re in the throws of product development, customer communications and everything else that will keep you posted on that. It’s going quite well.
Dave Mosley: Yes. And if you’re implication, Mark was about components around HAMR, I think we’ve been planning for that for quite some time. So the tools that we’re using that we have to buy are HAMR compatible to the first order and we know how to integrate those.
Dave Mosley: Yes. Thanks, Jason. In summary, long-term growth drivers for mass capacity infrastructure haven’t changed and it’s all underpinning growing demand in the cloud and at the edge, it’s all about data. Seagate’s strong operational execution and product roadmap position, our technology, we’re really well positioned to capture these opportunities to expand profitability, enhanced value for all of our stakeholders. I like to thank our employees again for their outstanding efforts in these tough times, and thank our customer, suppliers and investors for their continued support. Thanks for joining us.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. I would say the COVID situation in China and Asia in general is probably limiting a little bit our visibility right now. So it's difficult to now have a clear estimate of the calendar 2022. But as Dave said, we are confident on a very strong second half of the calendar year.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. The price environment in March was still favorable, so it's not that we see deterioration on that standpoint. However, now we need to improve our gross margin, part of the improvement will come from our mix with a much higher 20-terabyte volume, but we also need to work on our pricing in order to offset at least partially, all the cost increase that we – now we are getting from higher inflation and still very high freight cost so – and also a little bit of the impact from the VIA segment. VIA segment is a segment with a good gross margin for us. So having lower volume is, of course, impacting our financial performance. We think in the June quarter, the VIA segment will start to improve, but still not at the level we were expecting maybe three or four months ago. So all this together is driving our decision to work a little bit on the pricing side. And as we said in the prepared remarks, we expect the June quarter to have higher profitability for Seagate.
Gianluca Romano: We are ramping the 20 terabyte very, very rapidly. And as we said before, we will move an important volume in the June quarter, but we are still ramping production, so that we will have even a higher volume for September and December.
Gianluca Romano: I will say in the near-term, for sure, freight and logistics is a major item. We also have some of the component costs that are increasing, not at the level of inflation, but they are increasing a little bit compared to what was maybe in September quarter and December quarter last year. And now, we are taking our actions to improve our efficiency internally, to move our mix as much as we can to higher capacity drive and some of the pricing action we discussed before. So we think already in the June quarter, we will have a better gross margin and operating margin.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. I’d say for the COVID, we expect unfortunately – no, this situation to last probably through big – major part of the quarter, maybe the entire quarter. As we have seen in the last two and a half year, those things usually don't go away very quickly. So this is part of what we guided. Then in term of gross margin or as I said before, we have items that we can work on in order to improve our profitability also in the short-term. And despite those cost increases that we are experiencing right now, we are very confident with demand on our 20 terabyte. I will say this is probably the major driver for our improvement in gross margin in the short-term. And as you know, every quarter we are able to improve our internal efficiency and get a little bit of the cost down despite all the external cost that we need to offset.
Gianluca Romano: Yes, I would say if you just look at demand, demand could drive revenue above what we did in calendar 2021, the point is how much of a demand we can really serve. And right now we don't have the full visibility to give you a clear indication. So we said before we are confident on demand. We are confident that the second part of the calendar year will be strong. But again, we are not today in a position to really quantify that because we don't know how much we can serve.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. This quarter in SSD, we also had some component cost increase, so we didn't have a particularly high gross margin. So this is also impacting our total gross margin for the quarter. But on the hard disk side, as you said, we were well into the range.
Gianluca Romano: If I'm trying to quantify, last quarter, we said we were expecting fiscal 2022 to be between 12% and 14% higher than fiscal 2021. And right now, based on what we guided will be probably around between 10 and 11. So the Delta is mainly the VIA market decline. So this is what is probably pushing out more or less.
Gianluca Romano: In the last 2.5 years we have lived with a lot of uncertainties. So we think we have managed those fairly well. But of course, it depends from the magnitude and we don’t know what will happen next month and next quarter. But as Dave said, we expect that to start to improve hopefully soon and demand to come back quickly.
Gianluca Romano: I think the second question was on CapEx, I think. Yes. So for fiscal 2022, we are at the low – in the low part of the 4% to 6% range of revenue, of course. Now we don’t guide fiscal 2023 today, but I don’t see any reason why we should be out of that range also for next year.
