Dave Mosley: Thanks, Gianluca. In summary, our performance demonstrates our ability to deliver solid financial results and drive cash generation throughout industry cycles. We are continuing to identify ways to drive further operational efficiencies to optimize profitability. We are also leveraging our strong technology roadmap, broad product portfolio, deep customer relationships and systems architecture expertise to address secular demand for mass capacity storage and emerging opportunities to provide cost effective data management solutions. I’m confident that Seagate is well positioned to fully capitalize on these growth opportunities while enhancing value for our customers and shareholders.  Before opening the call for questions, I would like to take a moment to thank our customers, suppliers, business partners and employees for their contributions to the ongoing success of our business. Josh I’ll hand it back to you to lead through the Q&A.
Dave Mosley: I think I would say that the market for a on a dollars per terabyte basis, if I look back over the last couple of years -- hi Jeff by the way, I would say that it’s reflecting a pretty competitive space, and I expect that over the long haul, we're all going to have to make investments to answer the call in that growth space. So I think at some point we have to continue to work our costs down, which we're doing. We have to work through product transitions which we are doing but we'll also have to install capital, and I expect at some point we're going to have to focus more on -- rather than chasing share, we're going to have to focus more on making those investments.
Dave Mosley: No. I would say, if I go back a year and a half to the peak of the last cycle, thereabout, the market was very strong across the portfolio. I think the highest capacity points typically go to the bigger customers, but I think there are many small customers globally, which are still not as fully representative as they were in the peak of the last cycle, frankly, but are taking all kinds of different capacity points. And so, therefore it's important to have a broad product portfolio and address them with the right products.
Dave Mosley: I think we can both take it Katy, I'll pass it over to Gianluca for the gross margin part. We've said that this is one of the biggest ramps we've ever done, if not the biggest ramp we've ever done at heads and media. We're in the middle of it and to the point of just saying this quarter we will do 1 million and then having done 1 million, that's indicative of the strength of that ramp. The ramp is not over. It's going to keep going. And the way we look at it is, there’s were many products in our portfolio before, but this platform is the one that's going to take us from 16 to 18 to 20 and beyond. Our ability to leverage costs and the other technology pieces that we have to put in there, is great now that we don't have to keep transitioning products, we get a lot of leverage from that. We talked about that in the prepared remarks. So from my perspective, we have that strong portfolio to take us forward. I think Gianluca can speak about gross margins.
Dave Mosley: We're fairly happy with the breadth of the qualification. I mean, if you get down to very specific customers, they may be ready to take 16. Some of them may be back on 8 for example. Globally, there's people that -- for various reasons, they aren't ready to move there in the architecture, and we get that. In general, we're on plan with our ramp and I think our ramp is going to continue from here. The qualifications are going quite well. So I'm not worried about it at all. I think that as I look across the customer base, Katy, what we've talked about in the past was everybody adopting the highest capacity point quickly. I think that's happening less and less, frankly, because I think there's a lot of -- as we've talked in the past, there's a lot of diverse need even within one customer set, even with one customer. And then each customer may have their own different specific needs. So I think as the cloud grows bigger, certainly some of the scale people have diversity needs so that they have to make sure that we continue to service. It's not just about the build out of the new stuff and it's a growing world. So, we have to work with all those customers to get them exactly what they need and 16 is doing quite well against that. 
Dave Mosley: Well, I think as the portfolio -- as the market continues to grow, so the supply and demand is probably the first driver of all those discussions. So if -- the supply demand picture continues to grow in the favor of more demand and not as much supply, I think, we can start asking those questions. So that that gives them the cloud cyclicality. And I'll let Gianluca specifically say about how he thinks about gross margin. 
Dave Mosley: I think if we see a big demand in the 16-terabyte, the 18-terabyte, once we get there is in high demand, I think we should be able to manage it. I think we talked about that a little bit last quarter as well. And what you described may happen, but I think the broader portfolio from our perspective, and we've said this before, we're really managing for things closer to the bottom-line like operating income and now that we're at the top end of our range again, we’re quite happy with that. 
Dave Mosley: Yes. We’ve talked to the end of the fiscal year that I don't see any reason for the cycle to slow down by the end of the fiscal year. Out the back end of the calendar year, we're not really ready to talk about that yet given all the disruptions that are going on in the market. But I will say this, I'm very happy with our product portfolio going into this next cycle whenever it comes. 
Dave Mosley: Well, yes, I don't really want to get into that too much here, but I would say that, in my opinion qualification is volume. I mean it's not one. The qualification test beds if you will, are fairly big volume. And so, it's not 1 million per quarter, like we just talked about, a few quarters into the ramp up of the 16. But, yes, that kind of goes hand in glove.
Dave Mosley: Very interesting. If I think about some of the legacy businesses, the way we're thinking about them is we're not really investing much OpEx into them anymore, but we have a very broad customer portfolio that actually needs those products to go make whatever pivot they're going to make from the old world client server IT 2.0 to the new world 4.0, right? We have to continue to support those customers and foster those relationships with what they need. In some cases, we see surprise downsides, in other cases we see surprise upsides based on how they're driving their markets and we react to them. I would say, across most of the legacy space, there's a mix up going on. So even if the units are coming down, the mix is going up, the use cases are still relevant in the cases of some, there are already -- as you know, there are hundreds of millions of slots for these form factors out in the world, and just the support business for that is a long tail, and that's the way I think about it. Probably as it mixes up it becomes more stable relatively. So it's not going away very soon, but we're not investing in it either. We're just continuing to service it predictably.
Dave Mosley: Yes, I would say market share is not exactly an outcome. We need a -- as an outcome that’s not exactly our objective. So we made a conscious decision, if you remember Steven three quarters, four quarters ago, sort of pivoting from some of the lower capacity points into the 16 platform and we were very open about that, just because we knew we would get the leverage into the 18s and 20s like we've talked about. I think as some of that happens, customers will drive us for more and more of that demand. And I think some of the puts and takes you've seen in share may change a little bit. But again, we're trying to be predictable for those customers to get them exactly what they need. I like our plans because we happen to have the drive up the ramp-up already. So it's very predictable. 
Dave Mosley: No, sorry. Well, there are still our customers that need those products for various reasons, right, because of their architectures or what have you. But no, what I said in particular is if I go back nine months, we were very vocal about we're moving to 16s to these new platforms. And we've been focusing all of our operational resources and heads and media and things like that on those new platforms. 
Dave Mosley: I'll let Gianluca answer, but you're hitting the right theme, which it comes down to supply and demand. So for specific products or for the cloud cyclicality, as we've talked about before, if we've got supply and demand pretty well balanced, we should be able to manage exactly like you described, but go ahead, Gianluca. 
Dave Mosley: I think we've said before that -- especially in the down cycle like we were in early calendar '19 that we're managing for free cash flow and operating income is the way we're focused. As the cloud comes back to a more of a peak cycle, then we can figure out exactly how we're going to balance our portfolio. But it starts with what the customers need and making sure we get them what they need to go achieve their business objectives and we're always mindful of the demand cyclicality as well. 
Dave Mosley: In some cases, because of the leverage, especially on firmware basis and things like that, the feature sets, things like that. But no, in general, most customers are going to every new qualification with a discerning eye. They want to make sure that they do all the things right to integrate it into their data center. And again, it's -- data centers are not one size fits all, there is many different applications, some of the big customers have so many different applications, they have to worry about being able to plug this into legacy architectures or new architectures or things like that and globally there's many different BIOSes being used, chipsets being used so on and you get it. So there is some leverage for sure, people know the family now, they're already comfortable with the family. There is some leverage, and then there is some element of a new customer, you have to go through the same amount of work. 
Dave Mosley: Yes, I think relative to surveillance, we have over the years seen some, I'll call it, seasonality around government buying cycles at the end of the calendar year. And as the market moves towards some smart city applications, especially globally, I think there are markets that we're seeing now that people are investing quite a bit for smart cities. You do see that cyclicality. The market is growing. I would argue that from a units’ perspective, it's probably, there have been peaks that are bigger than the one we're in from an exabyte perspective, obviously we are in a growth period, in this one with a record exabytes. So the way I look at it every year gets a little bit stronger, but there is still some seasonality cyclicality. 
Dave Mosley: Yes. It's quite interesting. I didn't say that we were in a digestion phase then, but I think we've seen that cyclicality before. It's dangerous to say that will happen exactly again, because there has been a different reason for the cyclicality every time it hits. That said, I do think that the demand is growing. I think that the customers are broadening. And I also think that their ability to use higher and higher capacity points is actually getting bigger. So once upon a time, people couldn't use more than 4-terabytes and while most of the market was on 8s and you're starting to see people get shifting over to bigger capacity points as well. So I do think exabyte growth is still going to continue. I don't think I'm calling the top of the peak at 10% yet. 
Dave Mosley: Yes. I would say on this from a systems perspective, we're happy with what we've done with the portfolio, which is, we're not making boxes that don't have any Seagate products in them anymore. Now we're making boxes full of -- chalk full of Seagate products right, with lots of drives, 100 drives or plus in some of the boxes. And that's a great vehicle to go move higher capacity drives into the market quickly. So I'm happy with the pivot the team has made. I think there's some opportunity to go grow it as well.  On the SSD side, I think customers are very happy with our products, we continue to service those customers and I think as -- I'm not the first one to be saying this, the market seems to be stabilizing vis-à-vis what it was a year ago. So we'll continue to service those customers in a meaningful way I think. 
Dave Mosley: Actually interesting. I think the first one and it's not just that it's also the transition that we have to make to HAMR. We think that long lead time capital is the important stuff, the heads and media to get it online for the growth that we see in the cloud, and we're investing for it. So we are confident in our 16, 18, 20-terabyte ramps, same platform like we've been talking about. We need to make the heads and media investments to make sure that we have enough in the market when the demand is out there. 
Dave Mosley: Okay. Thanks, Josh. To summarize, we're continuing to manage the business well optimizing profitability and generating cash to fund our future growth and deliver value to our customers and our shareholders. And the world is just creating data at a breakneck pace, which in turn drives secular growth for mass capacity storage and needs for cost-effective data management solutions and I believe in our technology roadmap, our product portfolio. I think Seagate is very well positioned to capitalize on all these trends. So I'd like to once again thank all our customers, suppliers, business partners, employees for their contributions to our performance and also like to thank the shareholders for their ongoing support. Thank you. 
Gianluca Romano: Yes. I'd say in fiscal Q2, the improvement in gross margin is coming partially from the 16-terabyte, but as we said, actually tripled the volume during the quarter but also from an overall cost reduction on several other drives. So, looking at Q3, we will have for sure an higher volume in 16-terabytes that will help our gross margin, but of course depends on the overall mix of the entire volume that we move into the quarter.
Gianluca Romano: Hi Ananda. You know we don't really guide gross margin, but if you look at our revenue and our EPS are fairly were aligned quarter-over-quarter. So I'll have to take your assumption but no, I would not see a major change sequentially. 
Gianluca Romano: Yes. I think it’s raising a very good point. You should look at the importance of the legacy business in terms of free cash flow, considering where the OpEx and the CapEx is fairly low in that area. It's still a good contributor to our free cash flow in general. So, it’s still very important to us.
Gianluca Romano: Well, I would say that we expect high volume from our 16 terabyte and the mass capacity storage drives in general. We think our cost is declining fairly well. Of course, when you talk about gross margin, the other variable is pricing and now we will have to wait and see how the pricing will be during the quarter and that will determine our gross margin at the end. 
Gianluca Romano: No, as I said before, we have an assumption on pricing of course, and can be different and when we go through the quarter. But with a fairly flat revenue, we expect a fairly flat EPS quarter-over-quarter. 
Gianluca Romano: Yes. Let me add that we are still focusing on keeping the CapEx in the range that we gave at the Analyst Day, so between 6% and 8% of our revenue. We don't expect to go above this range in any quarter. 
