Steve Luczo: I think it’s probably more corporate we talked about that at the Investor Day, Rich, where we are talking about our longer term strategic vision.
Steve Luczo: Yeah, it seems like the TAM in June was 132, 133, Rich. And I will let Ken answer the question about the Court of Appeals.
Steve Luczo: I think I’ll let Rocky follow-up and what I mean generically it's continuous to be what we see as big build-out we call the infrastructure whether not that’s CSG related or ISG related or even private (inaudible) related I mean clearly architecturally there is a big change going on in terms of how people are storing and managing their data. So I think it is a continuation of that trend, those growth rates you know tended to be accelerating and it is an extension of what I think happen over the course of the next several years. I think what’s going to be interesting about the business is that it will be spiky I think from time to time I think more from upside perspective, I think that the general trend is positive and I think on top of that you’re probably going to have these spikes for either big ISPs or CSPs decide that they have to do some big build out competitively or geographically and that’s what we kind of manage our way through. You don’t see that in the normal quarterly or maybe multi-quarterly planning process but then in quarter all of a sudden you can get these opportunities and the ability to respond to them is important. So I think it is the continued trend of overall architectural change that is certainly driving higher capacity drives in the infrastructure.
Steve Luczo: Well actually in the second half of the year usually don’t get improved mix, you get a strong notebook playing (ph) you get a smaller gaming play so actually the mix works against you the second half of the year and that’s been in this case offset against you know we think continued growth on the cloud side.
Steve Luczo: Now on the first question now I think if you look at the product offerings, the 4 GB product that we mentioned in kind of the demand we’re seeing for that and then in the consumer marketplace which is really for the higher capacity drives are going obviously, there will a bunch of 2 GB products coming on so I think exiting the fiscal year will be certainly crusting our near 1 terabyte on average capacity per drive you know again you got to remember that the classic enterprise drives are lower capacity drives but they are doing much higher performance. So it's really what’s going on in cloud and what’s going on in consumer both those trends are quite neo-positive from a capacity perspective.
Steve Luczo: Well, we have only talked to September quarter, so I know we are not really talking close to the back half of the year. Again, we will give you a little better clarity about what we think some of the longer term trends are for the December quarter and to Rich’s question earlier a little bit, our incentive up, two or three years out, but I think the market estimates are implied in our moderately sequential number. We are kind of thinking that it grew to 132 last quarter you can see 135 to 140 in the September quarter, and we would expect December to be up from that.
Steve Luczo: Yes, I mean, obviously there was nothing secret about the acquisitions that occurred and it was our decision not to participate. We are confident in what we are doing internally right now.
Steve Luczo: Yeah I mean the R&D side and the ops side has been integrated for a while but it's just the customer facing activities that we’re managing separately and we will continue to do so until we’re released from those restrictions by MASCOM (ph).
Steve Luczo: It is tended to have accelerated over the last two years. And I think the conditions that are causing that acceleration are still in their early stages. So, I think as Cloud continues to build out, we still expect growth in that area.
Steve Luczo: Well, I don’t think we have – I mean, we have our own perspective on, which is we are positive, we are more positive than the doomsday scenario of the PC is dead. As you know, we tend to – we still wise line about PC Plus, not post PC. And we believe that the PC has an important role to plating and computing environment for sure as do the mobile devices that connect to it and around it as does the cloud that everything on it is going to ultimately connect to. So, our view is positive on the client side in all of its forms. And I wouldn’t want to specifically identify an action by Microsoft, but we think the long-term trends are still positive for the PC industry, but there is no reason for us to kind of plan to that right today. We just – we have the capacity and ability to address that marketplace that’s in front of us. And as it stabilizes or recovers we will be in a position to I think have a good product offering to fit all the different segmentations that are occurring around how people use technology and make their lives better.
Steve Luczo: We like to garner our characterization and these are complementary technologies, I have heard that somewhere before.
Steve Luczo: Obviously understanding the customers and integrating with the customers is a key point of how successful you’re going to be and so pointing back you will see a variance in the enterprise space understanding customer workloads, is really important. I will say that the market itself is very complex and so at some places the SSDs are being used as storage devices and some places they are actually storage class memory or memory like devices. And difference (inaudible) that it might be hanging up of, it's a really complex space maybe with one brush (ph) and say you know 10k or 15k HDDs belong here and SSDs belong here especially given the plethora of applications and the servers this will be really completed.
Steve Luczo: We have tended not to chase prices much on the client side, which may have resulted in some share loss. I would say, on the enterprise side again, it’s the ability to kind of execute in quarter. Those could either be architectural issues, where we have to be qualified at some OEM or with some particular CSP in someone else isn’t or it could product related. We do feel good about it’s probably more of a Q1 story than a Q4 story, but we do feel good about the positioning of our new 4 terabyte drive. But I think in general, I think any market share shifts in the 1% range is pretty much noise level at this point. And I wouldn’t read too much into it. I think the industry is kind of fairly stable in its market share right now, and I don’t see any big shifts occurring there one way or the other.
Steve Luczo: Yes, I know, it’s an important question. Yes, I know, it’s an important question. I think with the gross margin change that we have seen over the last couple of years anywhere from 800 to 1000 basis points of additional gross margin, and of course, the company has been good about returning a big percentage of that to our shareholders, I also think given all the opportunities in storage both on the mobile and the cloud side that it’s important for us to invest in some new technologies and products that are resulting from that change in marketplace and that’s where we have been making some investments. And it has pushed the OpEx up marginally. It’s obviously tied to our expectations of revenues and profits down the stream., Some of that is SSD related, some of that is core technology related to make sure that we can keep aerial density growing at the rates that we need to, some of it specifically to mobile and some of it is to cloud. And again at the September meeting, we will continue to update you on whatever our views are about these investments and the particular markets and the technologies that we are deploying, but I do think it’s important for the company to make those investments and position itself to generate revenue growth and margin growth down the stream from those investments. We watch it closely as you know. OpEx is something that we fight hard for every day, and it’s one of the nice DNAs of Seagate. So, we are actively managing it, but I do think it’s important for us to take some of that gross margin expansion and position our company for growth, because there is so much growth related to the storage that we would be remised not to.
Steve Luczo: We think about it very differently. With OpenStack deployment, there is the opportunity for a desegregation of the software and services level that exist today and many companies are pursuing architectures that say how you take our devices and deploy it with OpenStack to achieve their storage goals. To do that, there are many changes that we may need to make at the device level that effectively move us up the stack, and yes, we have those discussions ongoing with a wide variety of technology providers.
Steve Luczo: Yeah I think it's maybe closer to the second half, I think that we need to stop viewing the world as defining it as the technology that’s 10 year’s old. When someone says PC I don’t know what they think about that giant desktop thing or the notebook, our technology market has continued to evolve over the 35 years I have been in it and what’s happening with tablets is in my mind not any different than what happened when we went from mainframe to many decline servers to PC to now phones and it's a constant evolution of technology that’s basically becoming more and more available to more and more people which allows more people to share and create and at the end of the day that’s driving more stores. So yes we’re positive on the future of client devices if client devices are things that go in individuals hands and they will take the form of something that I can carry in my pocket or something that I can carry in my briefcase or something that’s in my home or something that’s in my workplace that is all connected and some of it may also be in a shared services that many people connect to. So I think we need to kind of change our thinking about what’s happening to the PC, the PC is evolving just like it has for the last 30 years and continue to evolve. Okay. I think that’s last question. Again we want to thank everybody for your time this morning and for coming in for our early call and we look forward to seeing you in September and then talking to you on the next call. Thank you.
Rocky Pimentel: I will add to Steve’s comments, there definitely was a strength of the quarter to quarter growth and what we call define as the cloud customer class, as Steve mentioned between each account the characteristic differ but the overall group continues to grow you know very robustly on a quarter-to-quarter basis and I think also this last quarter we filled in some of our product portfolio on the near line which gained a lot of momentum particularly in our 4 terabyte drive class category so couple of very positive drivers in the whole near line data center class products that’s what we benefited from.
Rocky Pimentel: Yes. So, I think based on the activities that, this is Rocky by the way, that we have done over the last year were still very interested in making strategic investments in SSD and PCI category products. Organically, we have been utilizing our Samsung partnership as well as our internal development efforts. And right now, based on our forecast as we would exit this year, our organic efforts in SSD would be greater than any of those companies that were recently acquired by in the open marketplace. So, I think we feel pretty positive about the evolution of our SSD initiatives.
Rocky Pimentel: Yes, I was going to say this quarter we will be shipping a meaningful amount of 5-millimeter drives as we launch into our initial program. So, we are pretty positive. We have several major OEM commitments on the 5-millimeter that we will be pursuing as we exit the September quarter and then continue to build that volume in the December quarter.
Rocky Pimentel: Clearly there is emerging evolution of what’s the high performance layer in the data centers which is the, it's a blend between mission critical and enterprise SSD and I think it's important that we have both sides of that equation covered, certainly there is again ebbs and flows of the transition between somebody wanting mission critical elements of HDDs and their typology versus SSD. So, I think with the growing success of our enterprise SSD initiative we’re less concerned about what does that mean for mission critical drives and what it means about our kind of high performance element of the enterprise overall. So, certainly we see some customers migrating more to SSD enterprise class SSD solution but still the mission critical is an important element in the overall architecture so both elements are important and the fact that we’re succeeding it both kind of gives us confidence that whatever the customer wants we can fulfill their need.
Rocky Pimentel: It really depends on how it comes out Cindy, if it's the cloud drives there honestly heads media rich, if their client devices which were not as Steve said earlier we’re not really leaning into and those are more box cap related (ph) where we have to procure individual parts and test time and things like that, so there is a balancing act. I think right now we’ve got enough capacity for what we see in FY ’14 and we’re going to be cautious with our CapEx.
Pat O'Malley: This is Pat, Rob. Clearly, volume would be beneficial to us, I mean, but given the world that we are seeing is with the modern growth rates now, we’re really managing on the price stability as much as we can because we need these margins continue to invest and also just mix. As Steve talked about with the cloud build out that’s certainly been helpful to maintain it, but to drive to the middle of the range, you need either a greater mix or some volume because I think we’re doing a pretty good job on maintaining the economics on the drives being sold.
Pat O'Malley: Our position has been in the last several quarters remaining relatively flat. Obviously there is, our view is we still want to drive the cost of storage down by delivering compelling products through technology and cost management, but our view on the price is going to be relatively stable and that’s our plans for the rest of this calendar year.
Pat O'Malley: We’re still under MASCOM agreement which we’re working very positively with the agency and so we don’t view it as a huge challenge but we’re operating these two entities on the interface of the customers vary independently still today.
Pat O'Malley: So, maybe on the repurchase goals I don’t know what you are referring to, but from our standpoint, Steve in his prepared comments talked about returning 70% of operating cash flow, which was our goal last year and we met it, and we are continuing try to target up to that this year as well and also as much as 90% cash flow. So, for fiscal 2013, we have never had a stated goal other than to continue to return large amount of the use of the cash flow to the shareholders.
Pat O'Malley: Yes, okay, that’s calendar 2014. So, that’s still a target with us. Obviously, the share price does have an effect on it. So, we will manage the business and we will continue. In the meantime, the return significant amounts of capital cash flow to the shareholders. So, that’s the fiscal ‘13 goal.
Pat O'Malley: The redemption of the debt we issued $1 billion, but we also redeemed $700 million. So, we had $111 million of basically premium and charges to accelerate that redemption, but in the period, we are going to say of over $40 million a year, extend their debt maturities over two years and dropped overall portfolio by 130 basis points. So, that was a one-time charge of the whole restructuring of the debt profile.
Pat O'Malley: So I think the reality is that the workload and application aspects that we either favor SSD or HDDs are different and those that favor SSDs weren’t really being served by HDDs it's actually opening up in an entirely new application set and the front end of that set has advantages to SSD if it's random and if it enables therefore the analysis of more and more data then we think that obviously supports the need for high availability data to run through that front end and so we actually think warrant store (ph) and things like that are becoming very important as well. So again the replacement aspect of IE, I use an SSD drive to replace a boot drive that’s a three year old story that was about 1% of the mission critical drives that we sold. I think the reality is just like phones that aren’t using disk drives or driving the creation and sharing content that’s impacting the need for more HDD and the infrastructure, SSDs on the enterprise side are doing the same thing with basically big data analytics and we’re one having products that will participate in that category directly, we do it with partners, we do it with our own products and it also benefits us on the HDD side or on the hybrid side to one of the earlier questions I think which Kugele asked about the nature of that customer which seems to be the big data customers that need an accelerator into the SSD. So we think again this is just part of an overall architectural change that favors big data growth and big data needs to sit on that disk drive ultimately.
