Stephen J. Luczo: Well look. We've said for a while that we view these markets as more complementary than competitive. We've struck relationships with the companies that we view are the ones that are either technical leaders and/or low-cost leaders and/or have the broadest technology and/or are furthest along in transition to next generation of technology. None of those are really reflected by the WD [Western Digital] target. So our engagement will continue to be with companies that fit that profile. Micron is certainly the one that we've publicly discussed the activities that we're undertaking together. And that relationship continues to be very positive. We're happy with the engagement that we've had. And there's kind of multiple threads of leveraging the joint technology between Seagate and Micron at the product level. And of course a lot of that falls under Phil's domain. I don't know, Phil, if you want to provide any additional color that -where we're at versus what we've said to date? But so far, Rich, we're pretty happy with where we stand. And we have similar potential engagement with other leaders in the flash space.
Stephen J. Luczo: Yeah. It's hard to say just given kind of the lack of traction that's developed even in the second half of the year. And again our view is probably is narrower than it should be. And it's not often that the CSP base in particular doesn't engage for more than three or four quarters. And we're kind of on the outer end of that dimension right now. So we'd expect at some point here that there'd be a capital cycle that would improve. For us I think it's as much as broadening the customer base. Some of that is product related and some of it is just engagement related. So that's opportunity in front of us I think regardless of whether or not there's a market acceleration. But the fact that the second half of the year didn't develop the way I think the industry expected it would, I think that does probably say at some point there's going to be a capital cycle up. And right now we don't have any signals that say it's going to be in the first half of the year, but we don't have any that say that it's not either. So I think a lot of it just depends on what happens through December. And then the people start letting contracts. As you know it's still, it's a cyclical business that's highly concentrated. And until there's more diversity in that customer set, it's going to kind of have an ebb and flow that can be challenging like it was for this quarter for us.
Stephen J. Luczo: Well the biggest thing clearly is better traction on our higher capacity nearline and mission critical drives. That's the bulk of what hurt us last quarter. I mean again reading some of the analysts' and other industry observers' work, I don't think there's still a great understanding about the leverage that's in the manufacturing system, especially on these enterprise drives, we're absorbing as many heads and discs and test time as we are. So unit misses in the 500,000-unit range, while they don't sound big relative to a 45 million or 50 million shipment, they are. And especially obviously at the margin when the cost has been completely absorbed. And of course those are decent price points, but they're obviously – they're good margin products to begin with. But obviously if they're already built and sitting in inventory, then they're really good margin products. And you can see from our inventory uptick of $160 million, that translating into revenue accounts for a couple hundred basis points of gross margin. So clearing through that inventory in a responsible way is going to take a couple of quarters. And as we do that then we're going to see a more regular trend back to overall gross margin that we expect to deliver. The other thing about that is, it kind of may feel like a big surprise. But the other reality is the industry moves a lot of drives in the last 2 weeks of the quarter. And really with a week to go in this quarter, we could have still delivered the gross margin that we should have. And it was just basically not executing or not having customers take the drives that we thought they were going to take. So that being the case we're hoping that we can get those drives moving. And again in a reasonable way sooner rather than later, so that we can get back to the margin model that that piece of the business delivers. I think in terms of the incremental margin improvement of Phil's business, we really have I think a nice path of saying, where we're at today from a gross margin and an operating margin perspective to make sequential quarter improvements in the direction that Phil talked about. And ultimately we do believe that at the gross margin level it's accretive to the range and certainly to the midpoint of the range. So I think that certainly will help. And then another big hunk of it as you pointed out is operating expense control. Like we said we think that we can still take another $20 million out of that number, which is as you know two quarters ago was on its way to $580 million. So to get down to $460 million, we feel pretty good about. So I think it's a combination of all three. It's all stuff that's right in front of us. It's for us to execute against. The trickiest stuff is frankly finding those customers that are taking those higher capacity drives. And for the customers that we do engage with understanding how we can get a better mix, because clearly right now we're not getting the mix that we should.
Stephen J. Luczo: I'll let Morton figure that out. The MOFCOM thing, it's hard to answer the question. For us of course if you just looked at it from a synergy perspective on "OpEx," as you know we were basically maintaining a separate go-to-market organization for that. It wasn't a huge go-to-market organization. So the synergies isn't so much immediately OpEx related. There will be some. There may be some OpEx related in that we were moving a lot of units, over 10 million units, with a pretty lean organization. And we are actually kind of reverse engineering that to saying, how can we take advantage of "the Seagate operation" to maybe look more like that? So actually the synergies may effectively come from reduction in Seagate OpEx, as opposed to the apparent reduction in the small single digit millions of dollars that we were spending on the Samsung side. I think the other big piece is revenue synergies. I mean clearly now that product line is the highest areal density product in the industry. It has been for a couple of years. And we can now broaden that to the broader Seagate sales force. I think there's going to be some nice revenue synergies from that. And then the other big synergy that's an OpEx synergy, but I can't tell you and it's going to save this many dollars, is that design center, which is a very competent design center, is now free to design products that don't have to be subject to the hold separate. And so that allows us basically to start putting products into that design center or having products come out of that design center that aren't going to be limited to the Samsung sales force. And so in that sense there's nice operating leverage, because a design center is an expensive thing to keep. And so having a broader portfolio come out of that we think is beneficial. So net-net we think it basically drives better revenue opportunity, clearly better margin opportunity as we mix across the portfolio. And then better operating margin, because the more efficient dynamic on the design center as well as the go-to-market side.
Stephen J. Luczo: Yeah. It's not the distraction that I think is the opportunity. It's the kind of the overall transaction. Because when you kind of go through it, it's a $10 billion premium to the 90-day average. 35 times earnings for a company that hasn't had earnings growth in 5 years, actually has earnings decline in 5 years. Isn't a technical or cost leader. And you're going to finance it with $18 billion of debt, which means you have to somehow have big OpEx cuts, because there's not enough SG&A to pay for that. Wouldn't appear to be enough revenue synergies, because it's not a competitive technology relative to the leaders. So it's going to come down to engineering cuts. So I think that's the opportunity. It's not so much the distraction. Maybe there's a distraction, maybe there isn't. But the reality is in order to make that model work, there's going to have to be OpEx cuts to pay back that huge debt load. Or you never build in another fab. And this is just an industry where, whether or not it's the flash side or the HDD side, massive cuts in R&D doesn't seem smart. But for us it's good. So I think the opportunity is make sure – look. Seagate feels great about where we're at technically. We don't obviously feel great about having the broadest portfolio that we need. And we need to address that. But the good news is we have the technical leadership to do that. So we'll keep pressing that case. That's I think what's going to translate into the market opportunity, whether or not it's the enterprise level or the client level or the nearline level. And I do think that that transaction gives us an opportunity, just because the OpEx side of their business is going to be challenged to pay back all that debt.
Stephen J. Luczo: I think on the PC market it feels – it's kind of always hard to tell where you're getting traction or not, especially when the gaming stuff comes in and out as much as it does. But it feels like the PC market has kind of found its space. And that there's probably a little bit of traction for some marginal growth. I think with respect to Seagate, kind of gets back to the technical point, we are excited about the product portfolio that we're about to roll. We do think when you transition to kind of 1 terabyte and 2 terabyte products, that's compelling for those client based systems that actually do need onboard storage. And of course we can do that in the form factors that fit into the new thin and light notebooks. So I think we're kind of – we're I think – look. I think Seagate has always been a little bit more bullish on client than maybe others. And I think within that segment we feel that we're particularly well aligned. And maybe again that's a reflection of the fact that we're very OEM concentrated. And we feel good about lining up with what the OEMs need in that space. So I feel okay about the client space going forward. And as you know I'm more encouraged also that there's some client that goes beyond what we're calling a client today. And I still think those opportunities continue to open up. And they're going to need 1 terabyte and 2 terabytes and 4 terabytes of data. By the way same could be said about the branded market. We've got a nice 4 terabyte market product out there right now, and we're gaining traction with it. And we continue to believe that the direct attached storage business will be quite good on the client side, especially as people skinny down on what they have on board.
Stephen J. Luczo: All right thanks, everyone. We're going to work hard to gain back some credibility here. And we appreciate you being on the call today. Look forward to talking to you next quarter.
David H. Morton: Hi, Aaron, it's Dave. We continue to work down our needs for our working capital as you can see, through our stronger sales linearity this past quarter. A lot of our DSOs had improved. We got some benefit from our DPOs as well. And we're going to continue to monetize what we can out of our turns and inventory. So we continue to be very thoughtful with a discerning eye on how we view that aspect of our business.
David H. Morton: And, Sherri, this is Dave. Just a quick follow-up. Please use 304 million shares for your fully diluted EPS calculation.
David H. Morton: If you go and compare to where we were running kind of under the averages, both between us and our competitor down south, it was just a higher activity in and around of how we manage our working capital. There was nothing being done outside of anything with our normal terms. It was just we got very, very critical. Plus we also had a lot of strong linearity in and around the quarter, which suited us well versus the previous quarter. So that's where we see those upticks.
David H. Morton: And then in regards to the modeling question, exiting in FY 2016 at a $460 million non-GAAP run rate for OpEx. I think that's fair to continue on that trajectory. Obviously we continue to evaluate in how we monetize our OpEx investments in and around the specific workloads that we deliver to our customers.
