Dave Mosley: Thanks, Gianluca. 2020 was a very challenging year and we have and continued to face hardships. We are encouraged by progress with vaccines and signs of recovery. Through the efforts of our extended team, Seagate exited the year firing on all cylinders and we are well-positioned to capture mass data growth opportunities in calendar 2021 and beyond. We are executing our technology innovation roadmap to continue delivering the lowest cost mass data storage. We are strengthening our mass data infrastructure portfolio by building on the positive momentum of our scalable common platform family of 16-terabyte and 18-terabyte drives and we are gaining interest for our Lyve Storage Platform, which expands Seagate market opportunities paving the way for future growth. Our success is founded on the dedication of our employees and the ongoing support from our suppliers, customers and shareholders. Employees remain the lifeblood of our company and we are focused on maintaining and strengthening our culture to provide an open, safe and respectful workplace, and ensure all employees are able to thrive. Earlier this month, Seagate released its latest diversity, equity and inclusion report. I am proud to see a strong track record and reputation for promoting inclusion both within and outside the walls of the company and recognizing diversity is a key to our ongoing success. We are equally focused on contributing to our customer success, which we believe will lead to higher revenue for Seagate and greater value for our shareholders. We collect data quarterly to measure overall satisfaction across the breadth of our customer base. The December quarter indicators were among our highest ever, which reflects the care we take in providing high quality reliable products for all of our customers. In summary, I am excited about Seagate’s growth opportunities, ability to generate cash and enhance shareholder value over the long-term. With that, Gianluca and I are happy to take your questions.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Karl. Thanks for the question. Yes. 35% is still in the cards to answer your question directly. There is -- what’s astute about your question is, there is a mix between the highest capacities and then the on-prem tends to be a little lower capacity nearline. So it could be 8 terabytes or 12 terabytes. But we think still the 35% is a good number through the fiscal year exactly to your point. Longer-term, I think, we’ve said 35% is fairly consistent. The cloud may actually grow bigger than that, but we have a wait and see kind of some of the reverberations after COVID. But I still think that’s a good number for bit growth in the mass capacity markets even further than just the end of the fiscal year.
Dave Mosley: Yes. Two interesting questions. The first thing is one of the reasons we really like the common scalable platform is flexible and questions exactly like you just asked. So relative to componentry, we have long visibility. But if we were changing platforms over and over and over again then some of those things might be hard to chase. And the fact that we have more capacity inertia on those platforms, I think, gives us a lot of flexibility. But to your point, I think, across all the supply chains, people are witnessing some of these kind of constraints and people are managing way out in front of them. And I do think it’s forcing discussions to be a little bit more mature relative to what the mass capacity needs are, what the needs are of silicon. For example, I think, you made reference to and some of the other components and making sure everybody has enough for the growth of our customers, especially during recovery times than what they might need later on in the calendar year.
Dave Mosley: Yes. Katy, thanks. So in some of the markets that we are tremendously disrupted, some of the legacy markets. For example, we had ample capacity throughout the period of Q1 and Q2, the COVID impact, pandemic impact and a lot of supply chains were disruptives as well. The cloud demand has been fairly strong and predictable for us. We are building what we had predicted. I think the way I think about our capacity constraints, our manufacturing constraints, if you will, is more of a long lead time stuff like wafer capital and some of those things, wafer process time of things, things like that staging for the future, that’s the stuff that’s full. At drive level, we still have some flexibility and we did last quarter. And so we were able to chase really aggressively the VIA markets, in particular that we are kind of racing ahead and there were some seasonality there, but some of it was just pent-up demand based on how the impacted -- the pandemic had impacted bullet all the supply chain. So if that’s helpful, the longer lead time upfront manufacturing capacity we have is building up to your point, which saw some flexibility to drive them.
Dave Mosley: Yes. Okay. Sidney, I think, the kind of two parts. So first just the enterprise, if you will be on-prem that we said during the early days of the pandemic is probably the most impacted. That is recovering somewhat. I think it’s recovering slowly, because some of the on-prem dynamics are not -- have not fully resolved themselves and probably still long. But it is recovering slowly and it’s more predictable now, so that’s why we feel like we understand the market. This is kind of in line with the IDC numbers we quoted in the prepared remarks as well about traditional IT is going to be up 3% and I think that goes exactly to that point. On the bigger cloud service providers around the world, there is a lot of dynamics going on because there is no one size fits all cloud obviously. But I would say in general, they -- a lot of applications pushed into the cloud and people have to react there with the budgets that they have, with the technology they have, with the platforms that they and so on. And in some cases they prioritize away from whatever storage infrastructure they were building on and in other cases they prioritize too and so it’s fairly complicated right now. My opinion is that because of the dynamics we have just seen the cloud is going to grow even bigger than what we forecast, and so over the long-term we are projecting mass capacity to be $24 billion market in 2025. So we think there is strong secular growth coming in the cloud, but it is still choppy based on some of the dynamics that we just talked about.
Dave Mosley: Yes. So like I said last time, we don’t comment on these specific customers. I think that the market demand globally will not change on how it’s ultimately serviced. So if that answers your question. So the net demand for data storage products is out there and it will get serviced by one customer or another, by one supply chain or another and these are very, very complex supply chains.
Dave Mosley: Yes. Tom, obviously, there’s kind of two parts of the question is, what we just went through in the pandemic and the way we were looking at the market. But the bigger part is that looking forward I really believe in the long-term cash generation capabilities of the company. So our decision to invest in our shares is weighing current environment and long-term business outlook and cash generation capabilities. I do think that if this is helpful that we are kind of an inflection point in data growth. I mean we, from Seagate’s perspective, we had to do a lot of transition from client server businesses, the factory transitions and so on into mass capacity, we have kind of finished that and now we are seeing mass capacity growing just simply because the demand for data is growing with the edge opportunities and things like that, so. So I think that this is an interesting time relative to all that we -- we look at the opportunistic, the ability to retire stock, return capital. We look at the investments we have to make in ourselves, we had a fairly strong thesis on all this and it’s good to have cash generation capabilities to underpin it all, so we can make the trade-offs.
Dave Mosley: Yes. Sure. A few years ago, the narrative was very different when notebooks hadn’t transitioned over and now they largely have transitioned over to NAND. So I look at things like that as places where the two technologies are competing head to head and that doesn’t really exist anymore. People talk about for example mission critical drives and this is a little bit of inside baseball here. But mission critical drives for us, we haven’t really done a new platform in quite a few years, where continuous service market that’s out there. There’s a large number, tens of millions maybe even more than that of slots that are out there with SaaS interface on and have good value proposition. So we will continue to service those market, but I don’t think that is small change or even a fairly large change and the NAND price changes that dynamic. Because the new architectures are not SaaS architectures generally speaking, some of them are NVMe architectures and that’s where you need to be designing products or so. So the overlap, if you will, between the two markets is not super relevant. And in the mass capacity markets, its 9 day difference and mass data infrastructure, a small change in cost, thinking of large change in cost is not going to make a difference in the architecture decisions that people are making.
Dave Mosley: Yes. The way I look at the data for social dynamics, there is a big growth in edge and cloud and there’s lots of different architectural components. NAND is definitely come of age and so it’s got a lot of opportunities that has to be -- design the right solutions for the customers and for mass capacity perspective, we have the exact same problem, we keep driving our roadmap and we are going to be just fine.
Dave Mosley: Yes. We did say in the script that the 18 terabyte qualifications have gone very well. To the earlier point, I don’t think from a mass capacity perspective, we are not in the era in the industry anymore of just roll the bunch, and then try to ship them in at the end of the quarter or something like that. You have to have real good relationships with the customers, know exactly what they want. So we over the last few quarters, we have been on a theme in communicating this with you that we know where 18 terabytes was going to be with the customers, who are going to be asking us for and so we were fairly clear that the rent has begun though. And so, and it starts by going back to wafer, which is many, many months ago and then making sure we are starting the right parts, we are making the transition to that product right now and we feel really good about it. We feel good about the quality levels, the yield levels, the ability to ramp, all the components that we need, because it’s a common platform. I think we have been signaling this pretty well. I can’t really comment on what the rest of the industry is or isn’t doing because I just don’t know, but that’s relative. That’s the way I look at our plans.
Dave Mosley: Yes. I think in -- it’s not just about the highest capacity point exactly what you are pointing out. We have good visibility on 16’s and what our customers needed. We have good visibility on 18’s because we talked to those customers about exactly what they need in multi-quarters out as well, but there’s also something going on at 8 terabytes and 12 terabytes and so on. So if you see that kind of transition based on the products that serve the lower capacity points of the mass capacity market if you will that’s where we start to see some significant growth as well. And that tends to be more global than isolated at a few accounts. But that gives us confidence. And by the way, the platform that we have or the platform transitions we are making, take cost and disks and heads and things like that out as we increased capacity, we can actually do that there. So, we are confident in our ability to go solution that better out the mix increases. So go ahead with your follow-up.
Dave Mosley: Yes. As Gianluca mentioned before, HDDs almost there. I mean, there is some other dynamics of other businesses. But exactly to your point, we have these new platforms coming that will necessarily take costs out. We have to make sure that there is -- we are actually getting with the customers what they need. But I do expect some demand growth recovery again in some markets, but also growth as well that will allow everything to equilibrate more and get us back into the ranges. It was a very competitive market in the times of COVID 2020 and people are trying to keep their factories full and things like that. Now, we are into a period of -- with this growth and recovery. Like Karl asked earlier, there is a lot of questions about supply availability, making sure you have the right supply at the right time and we are into those kinds of discussions as well and we expect that to stabilize.
Dave Mosley: Yes. Typically, Kevin, some of the enterprise customers do lag. They don’t qualify the highest capacity point through the branded product as fast as some other people do. There are exceptions to that rule, but they do lag. There has not really been any slowdown in qualifications for any reason. I think, people even through the challenges, the logistical challenges of COVID, people have kept focused on what they need to do because they are seeing efficiency gains as well there. So -- but as we make some of those transitions, I think that helps us answer the enterprise demand the right way as the enterprise demand is starting to grow again.
Dave Mosley: Yes. It’s not going to happen this quarter or next quarter just because of the sheer volume of the 16’s. But I do see it at some point, yes. And we are going to ramp really hard and it’s the same platform. So it’s not hard for us to ramp per se. There is also other efficiencies that we get by driving to the 18 platforms. So that’s why we are pretty excited about it.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Patrick. Yes. I don’t really think about market share per se. I think about talking to the customers about what exactly they need. Now to your point, there are people who were on 14, for example, or 12 and said, I am going to 18. And so they have been waiting the transition a little bit. And so we will work with them on those transitions and make sure that we have an ample supply for them. As we go even higher, I can’t really speak to -- I can only speak to the discussions that we are having. I have confidence in 20-terabyte ramps. We made comments in the script about peer market capabilities to get there. We have the HAMR capabilities to get there. I think we control those levers very carefully. So whatever a specific customer, who they want, performance wise or whatever, we can get them for their new architecture, old architecture because there is still a lot of legacy architecture. There is even replacement architectures we have to service and we will go out and do that. So, just not being flippant, but I just don’t think about share gains, rather I think about what do these customers we are talking to need exactly from us and making sure we are aligned.
Dave Mosley: Yes. It’s a really good point. Yes. It’s a really good point. There is these HAMR technologies, smallest laser ever shipped and the smallest waveguide ever shipped. And dialling it down to something 30-nanometer spot size or whatever it is. This is a really, really difficult technology, we have invested a lot to get to where we are really proud of where we are being able to ship some units and get the learning out there and start building the volume and everything else. We don’t have to go through that investment, again. And so that we get a lot of scale from here, so I appreciate your question.
Dave Mosley: Yes. Thanks, Ananda and Happy New Year to you too. So, yes, looking forward, we do see recovery in mass capacity. There was obviously the VIA markets that grew last quarter and they had their normal seasonal downtick, but the cloud will continue to grow from here and exabytes and so that underpins the forecast that we have right now. It’s still early -- haven’t seen through Chinese New Year. But things feel like very different than they did last year, where there was a lot of disruption during -- due to COVID. I think it’s time for some of the people who were say -- who put off investments, frankly to say, okay, now I need to make those investments. And our pivot to mass capacity are getting over to the same platform and everything, allows us the flexibility to really go address the markets with high volumes. So that’s what underpins our confidence.
Dave Mosley: No headwinds, Jim. The world is still fairly volatile place that everyone’s through COVID of course and still impacting communities quite a bit. So from our perspective, we have narrowed down our product portfolio to have the right products, made sure our factories, our supply chains already talk to the customers and things like that. The story is coming out and we do believe there’s data growth ahead, but we want to make sure that we are mindful of the realities that are in the economics today. That’s why to our comments we think we are positioned really well, but we will guide you quarter-over-quarter like we normally do.
Dave Mosley: Yes. Nikolay, thanks. It’s a little bit of tough because if you think about what’s the demand environment that we were in calendar year 2020 and how disruptive it was? You have some of the legacy products that were impacted quite a bit. Some of them are going back a little bit, but some of them that capacity can be repurposed back into mass capacity as well. And then mass capacity itself the growth of 18-terabyte drives that requires, what we call technology transition capacity, the dollars that we actually have to spend. So blending all these things together, the world is through this demand disruption, supply disruption period that we got through early last year. And what we are saying is, we think that we can manage from here at the 4% to 5% range based on our modelling and that will be ample supply will be bringing online for what the demand is out there.
Dave Mosley: Sorry, not really. Once the -- maybe way back to Kathy’s question, once the factories fill up, heads maybe drive, I think that headwind will be gone, and so that that will happen here in quarter two.
Dave Mosley: I think that’s all about a mix. And segments, like consumer grew quite a bit, actually last quarter. So some of that work from home and play from home, the gaming, things like that. Mission critical obviously is was still recovering, but still light compared to what it had been previously, so I think that’s the next part of that question.
Dave Mosley: Thanks David. And thank you to all of you for joining us today and we look forward to speaking with you again as Gianluca said on our upcoming Analysts Day on February 24 please join us there. I’d like to once again thank all of our customers, supplier’s, business partners and our employees for their ongoing support in Seagate. We will talk to you next quarter.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. First of all, the December quarter margin has already improved sequentially. Especially in the RDs part of the business, we had maybe some negative impact on the SSD and system solution segment, but the hard disk starting to improve already in the December quarter. The mix is going in the right direction. As we said in the script, enterprise OEM was strong in December, cloud was still very healthy. And now when we go into the March quarter, we expect both segments to actually continue to improve sequentially. We will lose a little bit of the legacy segment, little bit of surveillance. We think mission-critical will be maybe less seasonal than what we have seen in the past and then I think the quarter and the gross margin in the quarter. So I think we will continue to go in the same direction. Of course, we will have some of the cost from COVID that will continue to be there. It was fairly high in the December quarter, a little bit higher than what we were expecting and we think March will probably be fairly similar.
Gianluca Romano: I think that, which is the important point in this segment that are really growing like cloud and enterprise OEM and even surveillance, but really overlap between hard disk and NAND at this point and we don’t expect that to happen in the next few years structure.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. Basically what happened in the last couple of years, Seagate, and I think in general the industry installed more capacity than what was needed. So the fact that the growing demand is now absorbing that capacity is obviously good news for the industry and for Seagate in particular, but we can still see some of additional capacity not being fully utilized. So we don’t need to invest more in the short-term at least in order to absorb their demand and serve their demand. So we think that still investing a fairly high amount that is now 4% or 5% of our revenue is not small number is a big number, but that is the right level for us to align supply and demand in the next, I would say, two or three quarters.
Gianluca Romano: Thank you, Aaron. I think the combination of different items, of course, the focus for us is always on cost reduction and I think we are achieving that level of cost quarter after quarter. The second very important item is this alignment between supply and demand that should bring a healthier pricing environment for the industry. And then, of course, there are those additional costs that we are incurring right now because of the COVID situation that we don’t expect to continue for forever, we think few more quarters and then hopefully, a little bit part of the cost will go away.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. Actually, we have done that already. So, you see the result already, at least, partially in our results of the quarter. And for the long-term, I think last quarter we said, probably a good model is around $330 million per quarter. And now we are little bit below. And now we will try to stay below as much as possible. Of course, we know we always look at opportunities for cost reduction, especially online now in the technology space where we have developed HAMR. So, we don’t have the need for maybe all the spending that we had in the past.
Gianluca Romano: Thank you, Ananda and Happy New Year to you. If you look at our performance before COVID, our operating margin was already at the top of the range, we were already at 16% even it’s a bit higher. And then COVID happened, and it’s still happening, it’s still impacting our result. But we are right now in the 15%. So we are going back to that level even with the COVID situation. So, of course, we expect fairly quickly and based of course on the impact from the COVID additional cost to go at the level that we were before the pandemic situation and even better. And we are always looking internally at opportunity, now we discussed it with the gross margin before, we are going in the right direction in term of mix. We are seeing now the industry pricing is also going in a better direction compared to for example a year ago. So all those elements are of course pointing to better gross margin, better operating margin, and I am sure, we will discuss with more at our Analyst Day.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. Mehdi with me, thanks. We discussed the biggest impact on the gross margins, was the COVID drivers and that’s largely freight and logistics-related. And I think the world is still got a lot of challenges on those, on those fronts. And so I think a lot of people are feeling that. Relative to components, I think we feel fairly solid about our company, supply chain. So it was tough in the early days of COVID. We had to make sure that, you know, people had the right factories open and we had to, you know, get in there and work with all of our suppliers, especially the ones that are positioned for some of the products that are continuing to grow, that they are making the right investments in times that are pretty lean, but we are confident about how we did that. So I don’t really, maybe be to the earlier question, I don’t really foresee any supply constraints, but it is forcing a different dialogue that we had, maybe to your implied in your comments.
Gianluca Romano: It’s interesting because if you read the script to the point about all these cameras generating all this data at the edge. And, you know, we expect that to be kind of a bellwether for smart cities, smart factory. You know there’s a lot of data some of video data, but there’s other kinds of data being created at the edge. A lot of that data today actually dies with the edge. It doesn’t make a back-up in the cloud. You do start to see the nascent -- the beginnings of models where people say, how do I get that data from the micro edge, all the way back up to the core -- for the core cloud, because the cloud has some of the great applications to be able to process the data, you just have to physically get it there. You know, I point to our live product strategy for -- that’s exactly what we are thinking there. And, you know, it’s not small. The amount of data that’s being created at the micro edge today and, like I said, probably either being overwritten or you have to make a decision once you process the data and you never get to make that decision ever again or never get to question that decision again. Things like autonomous vehicles, you want learning to go on. So, you need the data kind of resonant for quite some time, there’s a lot of different models that are very, very interesting to us right now. And it is forcing a symbiosis I guess that’s the right word for between micro edge and cloud and the same kind of drives to service level, yes.
