Dave Mosley: Thanks, Gianluca. As we enter calendar year 2019 there are a number of market uncertainties that are broadly affecting IT companies. Macroeconomic risks and softness persist in global demand from cloud service providers and supply chain frictions and liquidity have created strain for some smaller end customers. We are navigating through these market dynamics with conservatism and managing our business with a focus on profitability and cash flow generation. As we go through this cycle of compressed exabyte demand, we are taking measures to control our costs and capital spending with the expectation that the exabyte growth will resume sometime in the second half of the calendar year. Within our revenue expectation for the March quarter, we anticipate nearline HDD demand to remain soft and our nearline exabyte shipments to be flat to slightly down sequentially. We expect the consumer and gaming markets to be seasonally down in the March quarter and desktop and notebook demand to be slightly lower than seasonal demand as CPU shortage and macro uncertainty overhang continue to affect the volume in these markets. We also expect our cloud systems revenue to be relatively flat sequentially and our SSD revenues to be down sequentially due to product transitions and our near-term conservative approach to the NAND market. We expect total revenues in the March quarter to be in the range of $2.3 billion plus or minus 5%. Total exabyte shipments are forecasted to be 10% to 15% lower sequentially. We expect non-GAAP gross margins for the March quarter to be at least 26% with the majority of the sequential change related to mix and manufacturing underutilization. This forecast is outside of our long-term margin range of 29% to 33% as we adjust our manufacturing plan to a lower build volume and to keep a lean inventory level. As demand resumes and other market trend stabilize, we expect margins to return to the long-term range. We expect non-GAAP EPS to be $0.70 plus or minus 5%. We remain confident in our ability to generate significant cash flow over the next several years as we leverage our mass storage solutions portfolio for existing and new market opportunities. In closing, I’d like to thank our customers, suppliers, business partners and employees for their alignment and contributions to our strong second fiscal quarter results. Seagate’s deep storage industry expertise, leading technology portfolio and focused execution will allow us to meaningfully participate in the long-term growth trajectory for storage, delivering sustainable success for the company and value for our shareholders. I am confident Seagate will continue to lead the HDD industry and serve our customers with the best technology developments, product offerings and supply chain responsiveness. Thanks, Latif. Now we’ll open up the call for questions.
Dave Mosley: Yes, Steven, I’d say that we’ve talked about the cyclicality before, the peak that we were in, in probably fiscal Q4 of last year, maybe even fiscal Q1 of this year. It really looks like we’re in the trough now again and the question is how deep is the trough and how wide is it and so on? There’s no reason to believe that this is necessarily how much different than the prior, but what’s different than 90 days ago I would say that we do see customers coming back for mixed changes and things like that. So there are signs of life, but nothing that I would call growth back to the next peak. And I think there are various reasons for that. You can see that in their capital spending. I don’t really think there’s very many competitive dynamics that are changing. We did allude to in our script if you’ll notice that there could be some waiting for the next capacity point to be qualified, if you will, because once you go into one of these cycles, everyone not just the suppliers of the hard drives but also the customers themselves are re-questioning their qualification resources and the timing of what they want to ramp when. So there may be some of that that’s impacting things a little bit. I do think that the cycle will come back because just the exabyte demand and servicing what’s already in the legacy data centers will have to get back on that pace.
Dave Mosley: And, Katy, I don’t know that I would say that the cloud is weaker than what we’ve thought 90 days ago. I think there are other parts of the market. We in particular mentioned the channels that looked to be very lean inventory and people aren’t pulling at kind of even traditional rates for seasonality. So I think those are the things that are probably impacting some of our builds and our forecast a little bit more. We also don’t have great visibility through the next couple of weeks. Chinese New Year we’re right in the middle of it and so that’s part of what’s impacting where we are right now. We do expect that at some point the cloud is going to come back when some of these other channels turn on. I think we need probably some more time before we can properly assess that. As Gianluca said, we’re going to take our medicine a little bit this quarter by making sure we turnoff the factories, don’t overbuild the wrong stuff so that we come out as fast as we can.
Dave Mosley: Yes, for a lot of reasons I think – well, the operations person in me is going to say that I’m never happy with yields, right? So we’re driving it. But I don’t think yields are a problem at 12 or 14 terabytes. We can make enough drives for the market. I think it’s more of the market softness right now that’s impacting us. The transition to 16 if you think about it, there’s a lot of dynamics that are maybe causing people to pause and wait for 16. So maybe you just have to spend a bunch of qualification resources, you don’t get enough extra capacity at that last point. Maybe you have software issues that you’re looking to stage yourself. So I think there’s a lot of things going on in the world. And then there’s these liquidity issues that we talked about with some customers. There’s all kinds of dynamics. Look, big picture, we think that these drives that are 16, 18, 20 terabytes once the industry makes them, they are a great value propositions. We think we’re going to be able to yield ours very well and we pointed all of our resources at that and we think that’s going to become the norm over the next couple of years. So we’re pretty excited about it.
Dave Mosley: Yes, Ananda, I’d say to the extent that we’re looking a little bit further out in time we can see a little further and then in response to Katy’s question, we can’t see right through Chinese New Year. But looking at inventory positions out there in the world I think it’s time that we term our builds a little bit. And so that does – to that extent that they maybe some of the macro issues that maybe bleeding through. Again, our perspective is inventory while weeks on hand might be fairly “normal” I think that the inventory that’s out there from an absolute volume level is pretty low actually. So I don’t think that there’s an overabundance of inventory, certainly on Seagate inventory that’s out there. So I think we should be able to build the right stuff for the channels when that comes back and that’s what we’re off doing.
Dave Mosley: Yes, I guess I wouldn’t get into that guide especially given some of the challenges we have just in the next few weeks of people coming back from Chinese New Year and given us their latest signal. So I wouldn’t get into the guide of Q4 so much. But obviously any mix changes are going to help us whether they happen in the cloud or they happen in some of these edge channels that have been impacted surveillance. These drives aren’t low capacity drives. They’re actually drives that typically take a lot of heads in discs and to your point that would help our margins quite a bit.
Dave Mosley: Yes, we’re still on the next gen of PMR. We actually have HAMR or next gen that will be tested side-by-side, but I think this is not a HAMR statement yet. We can ramp the last gen, if you will.
Dave Mosley: It’s getting complicated to call something surveillance or non-surveillance. So some of the smart cities, IoT, the real I’d say entrepreneurial things that people are doing out there in the channels, people don’t just use those drives to build desktops anymore. They’re doing solutions for their end customers. That’s where we’ve seen things be a little bit soft. And again not 500 gigabyte drives like the days of old when we were – when the channels were servicing the PC market. Some of these are 4 terabyte drives, so that’s impacting. Yes, so that’s the smaller end customers that we’re referring to in our script now.
Dave Mosley: Tristan, I think not that I can think of off the top of my head, but I probably have to give it a little bit more thought.
Dave Mosley: And, Aaron, I’ll try your PC side – if I don’t get it right just feel free to correct me. So the PC market we think is more than just seasonality because of some material shortages and maybe some of the disruption I was talking about in the channel as well as the liquidity issues, VARs having trouble with their go-to-market but I think it’s some of the component shortages that they’ve struggled with. As far as SSD attach, it hasn’t really changed our model too much. We’re assuming a fairly aggressive penetration certainly at 500 gigabytes and some at 1 terabyte. When you get into commercial system we’re thinking that that’s mainly tip. So that’s why we’re positioning our portfolio, for example, desktop drives are over 2 terabytes a drive and growing. So that’s the way we’re thinking about that. Notebook continues to be a fairly good market that we service from us. I won’t apologize for having a good drive down there. But we’re anticipating continued penetration of that market. And I think we’re probably less exposed than others on that just because we’ve been exiting it for a while.
Dave Mosley: Okay. Thanks, Latif. I’d just like to thank our customers and suppliers, business partners and our employees for all the contributions that they had in the second quarter and I’ll talk to everyone next quarter. Thanks.
