Dave Mosley: Thanks, Gianluca. Last quarter, I expressed confidence in the long-term growth trajectory of our business, and that view holds firm today. The multiple secular trends fueling demand for mass capacity HDD storage also catalyze growth for our system solutions and live services business and Seagate is well positioned to benefit. Our products are funded on our drive innovation, and we continue to execute our strong HDD product road maps. We are shipping the 20-plus terabyte family of nearline drives and high volume, and we are well down the development path towards launching our 30-plus terabyte family of drives based on HAMR technology. We expect to begin customer shipments of these HAMR-based products by this time next year. Seagate will navigate through the near-term market dynamics by focusing on what we do best, namely run efficient and predictable operations, partner closely with our customers, put in place prudent spending controls and align the supply with demand. We believe that these actions position us to quickly return to our long-term financial model once these macro pressures abate, delivering 3% to 6% revenue growth and operating margins of 18% to 22% of revenue, all the while maintaining our commitment of returning capital to shareholders. While the dynamic market environment is disrupting typical demand patterns, the underlying demand for data remains strong, which supports flat or even slightly higher revenue in fiscal 2023, depending on the timing and pace of the economic recovery. I'd like to conclude by expressing gratitude to our employees for their incredible efforts through the fiscal year. I'd also like to thank our suppliers, customers and partners for their contributions to our results and our shareholders for their ongoing support. Gianluca and I will now take your questions.
Dave Mosley: Hey, thanks for the question, Aaron. If I look at where we were two quarters ago, predictability of the cloud, 20-terabyte transition, those kind of tactics that you referred to. I think it's been fairly predictable through the end of last quarter. We do see, in particular, in China and some of the CSPs, some inventory overages. So what we're doing to try to compensate for that is to not make sure we don't pack into it, not building too many '16s and '18s, if you will, and hurting  up the transitions to the 20s there. So it's more of a looking forward where I see issues. It's not really with U.S. CSPs. I mean everyone is having the same supply chain issues out in the world, but some people were navigating it differently. And I think there's a good market demand for mass capacity and especially in the cloud businesses. I do think there are some temporary issues that people are getting through given their supply chain points or COVID lockdowns or things like that.
Dave Mosley: Yeah. So we're going to pause a little bit because you know, make sure the inventory flows through here in the front half of the year, but we'll eventually get back on that. And we do have products coming higher capacity points, which actually helps drive the exabytes demand as well as those customers wake up, maybe they were stuck on '16 before and now they're going to be a 20-year plus - 20-plus, right? So that will help the exabytes demand as well. Ultimately, we're going to be driving out of the back of this fiscal year, like we said, 30 terabytes. So we should get back to some healthy exabytes growth. But I think what we're seeing right now is very tactical.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Krish. I don't think there's another shoe to drop to be very clear. I think depending on which customer, there may be very specific challenges that they have in their data center build-out. But in general, they're the cloud storage demand growth continues and their CapEx investments continue. And so I think in some places, it's becoming very predictable with them. And so that's why one of the reasons why we've kind of established the businesses we have as we pivot our mass capacity. It's interesting right now, but I think most of the capacity transitions that we're talking about with 20 terabytes and beyond, are the – people we still have yet to transition are the people who are in the markets that are actually most impacted by some of the COVID shutdowns and things like that. So that's the way I think about it, if that's all – that helps. And then Gianluca, can answer the question.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Jason. So on the legacy demand, the consumer facing. So for example, the USB drives and the like, been a strong market through the COVID work-from-home period. Right now, the consumers in the world have decided that they're spending money on other things. I think everyone knows this around - you can see these consumer spending patterns in many, many different markets, and we're not immune to any of that. I think that some of the stuff that we have to make sure we pull back and position the right inventory. Those markets, in particular, are not going away, they may be slowly going down, but they're not like the PC or notebook markets, which are effectively already gone. So we wouldn't have to divot  those markets anymore because they're effectively gone. Mission-critical has been a little bit choppy through the COVID period. It is slowly declining as well, but it has a long tail, so that's another place where there's probably a little bit too much inventory. So when we lump in together in those legacy markets, they will have longer tails that we're talking about now because the ones that we're going to go to zero effectively already gone there. So Gianluca…
Dave Mosley: Yeah. We said in the prepared remarks that our '20 would cross over relative to our '18, if you will, this quarter. So the quarter we're in right now. So we're ramping the '20 very hard. We met the fastest growth target that we never had before. We said that a couple of quarters ago, and we've actually met that very happy with the 20-plus terabyte family. There's a lot of variants of this family. There are variants that continue to be CMR. There's variants that are SMR. Those drives are out there in the world in various places. As a matter of fact, I think I said last quarter that most of the 20s are actually being used above 20 because of some of these variants. So we're fairly happy with how that's latching on the world. It's already at high volume. And with small changes, we can continue that a little bit. To the conventional platform we don't need any major technology transitions with a bigger change to the heads and media and the recording channel and so on by the end of the year, we'll take that platform to 30 terabyte. So we're very confident in our product portfolio. We don't really talk about all the details of 2022, you know, '23, whatever people are using things out because I don't think that setting the right narrative, it's more just - we want to make sure that we have flexibility with our platform that we're on today and then launching the 30 share by platform in the future with all the technology that comes in there, we're confident and we're driving it as hard as we can.
Dave Mosley: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Patrick. So it is a question of what can you make in high volume, where do we get our scrap and yields? And since there are so many heads and disks and they are component, readiness for the ramp is critical in our margins. And then going to the 30 terabyte there are cost adders. There's a number of different technology transitions, not just to the right or the HAMR, if you will, the media has to change, the reader has to change. All of the platform things, the electronics sort of organic, everything that gets you to 30 terabit has to change. So we're very confident in that, but how fast do we make that turned, that's a good question. A lot of it is our ability to go to work the yields in the scrap and cost to the point where we need to be. I think from a customer perspective, that's a fairly big jump from one to the other. And the TCO benefits when you think about building a data center and running it for 5 to 7 years, you're willing to entertain the discussion and then the more positive feedback you see on those initial drives, the more you'll be able to drive it hard. We've had customers that have been working with us on these technologies for a number of years now. And I think when we launched the product, I think they'll be very open to those discussions because they see tremendous benefit as well. So I think balancing all these things is exactly the point of what we have to do in our operations, and that's what we're focused on.
Dave Mosley: Yeah. Thanks for the question. I think I'll ask Gianluca to break down some of the - the F Q1 bridge, if you will, on gross margins. But let me give you a little perspective. Where we see too much inventory in the chain is in some of the markets that we were planning on building towards, and we don't want to do that. If I've learned one lesson in my life its when you see so much inventory, don't back into it. Its exacerbated a little bit by the linearity of last quarter was 4. And therefore, almost by definition, you go to the next quarter, and it's linearity is poor again. And especially in these times, when you get out to the back of the quarter, you don't have an opportunity to cross ship you know, because  claims are choked and that drives costs. We're trying to put on a little bit more inventory so that we can use ocean freight, it becomes very problematic. And so that's one of the reasons why we're intentionally not packing into it. Relative to the build plan, so yes, by slowing things down on some lines that does have some financial impact. What we're really doing is pivoting over since the lead times, wafer lead times are quite long, product lead times are quite long for, say, 20 terabytes, pivoting more towards 20 terabytes beyond or pivoting more towards the new mid-cap nearline drive, we can do it. It just doesn't happen very quickly. And so the factories are still relatively full of that - that's help exactly your question. You don't see as much absorption hit net-net, even though you're taking down the old products as pushing out the new, but there's an intention around not pushing too much into the chains, not having to price that stuff to move eventually into customers that really don't need the product right now. And I would say this is where inflation is playing a role for everyone because you have the CFOs of those companies saying hey, slow down a little bit, and we ought to be able to help our customers do that. So Gianluca, you want…
Dave Mosley: I think this is where the LTAs have served us pretty well over time to understand all of the macro economic inputs and like I always say that some of the procurement people that are sitting on the other side of the table from us are – they understand what's going on in commodity pricing and freight, just as well as we do. So we work together to come up with a predictable outcome. We believe in the mass capacity markets at least that there's going to be a strong rebound coming. And everyone factoring all these things in, I think it serves us well to know exactly what we're building, what we've qualified and what we'll apply. And so that's what we're trying to do right now is to change the – pivot the operations towards that future supply.
Dave Mosley: Yeah. And I think longer-term discussions with our customers, the bigger the customers there are, the more they're convicted they are on their ultimate need to add capacity because they're the ones that manage cloud storage. Some of the customers that are having, I mentioned a few people that are smaller CSPs that are having some of the inventory issues, we are working closely with them to make sure that we transition to the right products that so we don't build the wrong thing into it. And that's a very tactical thing. That's why we have a conviction that this thing is going to be over pretty soon. We're all cognizant of all the macro trends and watching them every day. So I don't want to gloss over that. But I think as far as demand for data products, I do think there's – there will be a rebound coming when all these issues abate.
Dave Mosley: Especially at these times, we'll manage cash very carefully, but we also see the mass capacity rebound is what we're projecting that we should be able to - to continue to grow cash flow.
Dave Mosley: Yes, is the answer to your question - to your last question, it's a little bit more complicated than some of the cloud customers. But what I would say, for example, in our prepared remarks on the systems business, we talked about how we saw one of the components that we needed to go chase after revenue and we did that. That's because I think some of the supply-demand picture is changing very rapidly, the things that were constrained components six months ago may not be constrained anymore because of a lot of macro issues. It's not completely all clear yet. There are still component shortages that are affecting the enterprise. I think also the spending reductions by - again, I always see nervous CFOs, which are talking to the CIOs of the world, you know, that's, I think, impacting us a little bit right now as well. Look, long term, I believe that on-prem enterprise is going to be healthy because there's going to be hybrid clouds, not just - not just in the public cloud, but also in the private cloud as well. And so I think those will be strong businesses. They still - they are various challenges there supply-related still, and I think some of that will start to break free over the next six months.
Dave Mosley: I don't think there's too much inventory problems as U.S. hyperscalers. I think everyone's having a supply challenges, not necessarily hard drives or whatever. There's - maybe the way I would characterize it is to say that there is pent-up demand for data storage in a lot of markets. And once the world gets through all of these supply challenges, whether they're power supplies or chassis or compute or memory or whatever it is for the each one individual, I think we'll be in a better place. People are working this very hard, and everyone's got their own challenges, but I think we're - that's the thing that the world is just not firing on all cylinders like it was maybe 3 or 4 years ago. And I think we will be able to get back to reach some kind of equilibrium over time.
Dave Mosley: Yeah. Thanks, Tom. I kind of agree with what you said. We have to work with our customers on these things. I said, I think last quarter, I talked about co-planning more. It's just how many units do you need? What kind of products need to be qualified and it has to go out further because as we're making 20-plus terabyte products or even starting 30-plus terabyte products, we need to know exactly how many of the customers are willing to take and how much to use our factory - use inside of our factories. If something else happened then I think we'd have to work it through with the customers at the time. So it's not really take or pay. And that, from my perspective, the customers have been great working through that. Just trying to give us the right visibility and we hold each other accountable on both sides of the table there. It's working pretty well.
Dave Mosley: Yeah. The way I'd say it, Tom, is that we're going to go over the cash flow. We had some period very specific things that Gianluca talked about in Q4. I think we can go recover some of those things over time. And some of it is just too much inventory, like I said, before making sure we're building the right thing. So I think once we get through that period, I think we're going to be just fine from a cash flow perspective and even have an opportunity to grow it year-over-year. We have a lot of levers that we can still continue to control.
Dave Mosley: Yeah. Thanks, Kevin. There's different kinds of LTA depending on the market, depending on which specific customer and their appetite in typically six months to a year, the visibility that we're working together. So - over the last few years, it's gotten longer, so that's good, just making sure we have the right product stage for what they're going to need at that point in time with the predictable economics with them and so on. And relative to China, I think I made a comment earlier, even our own factories have been impacted recently. So making sure that we're doing the right things for the employees, not working them in places where we don't need the materials and things like that is a challenge. I particularly – I personally, you think that things are already getting better, but I also think part of the problem is that we said that three or four , five times and people pulled inventory against a reopening, if you will. It's not even much of a matter of what you're capable of in your factory. It's also what your customers are ready for and whether you can get to just like in the front end of COVID, whether you can get people into build the data centers and all these other things that are going on. The thing I'm focused on the most is the small business aspect of talking to some of our customers about people who have to go actually go in and do the builds in the smart city builds, the smart buildings, hospitals, things like that. That's where any kind of lockdown just really throw that to a loop. And I do think that we're going to continue to see some of it, it will be able a little bit and then we're all looking for improvements in Q2, and it's going to have a break free at some point, so.
Dave Mosley: Right. We're taking action to make sure it improves this quarter. Gianluca made the point earlier is I don't think it will improve all the way, but we'll get the lion share of what we do need to get done this quarter. And again, depending on the pace of some of these recoveries like COVID and some of the other pressures that people are feeling it will happen faster. And the important thing for us is that we make sure that we pivot the customer qualifications and our product towards the stuff that's more modern, higher margins for us that we can make with – that we can make that people actually want to buy that we don't have to go disrupt market anymore.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Jamie. I'd like to take the opportunity to once again thank our employees for their incredible efforts and recognize our suppliers and customers for their ongoing support this quarter. It's a challenging environment across the ecosystem, and we appreciate all of your partnerships. Likewise, I appreciate our shareholder community for your ongoing trust in Seagate. Seagate will continue to take actions managed through the current macro dynamics. However, long term, I'm confident that the secular demand for mass capacity storage and infrastructure remains high and remain excited by Seagate's opportunities to deliver value for all the stakeholders. So thanks for joining us, everyone.
Gianluca Romano: Yeah. Clearly, we are positive on our expectation for the business to recover soon and control sequentially. I think seasonality will be different than what we are seeing in the last year, for example. I would say mass capacity is actually strong already. We have done five consecutive quarters of record or near record revenue and volume. And gross margin, actually, the trend in gross margin is a bit different depending from which segment you are looking at. The legacy part and the non-HDD part has seen some decline in gross margin in the last four quarters. The mass capacity part has been very strong. So at the total level, we don't see a lot of change because the increase in mix to the mass capacity basically is offsetting the decline for the legacy and the nearline  hard disk. But in future with a continued improvement in mainly mass capacity and the mix continues to go into the 80% plus of the total being mass capacity that should bring an improvement in gross margin.
Gianluca Romano: Yeah. We are very committed to our shareholder return program, and so to both the dividend and the share buyback. As you said, we still have $2.4 billion of – as amount authorized for our share buyback. Our free cash flow in fiscal Q4 was lower than what we were expecting for the reason that I explained in the in the remarks. Of course, we expect free cash flow to improve, strongly improve in the next few quarters and that will help us to continue our shareholder return and also increase our cash balance.
Gianluca Romano: For exabytes we have a fairly low in the June quarter. We expect September as Dave was saying not to be a strong quarter for legacy. Now usually, it is the quarter where you see some improvement from seasonality. We don't see this happening this year. But in December north  is a quarter where you will see some improvement. And then the second part of the fiscal year should  anywhere.
Gianluca Romano: Yeah. In the June quarter, we had a lot of cost pressures, not only from COVID, but also for inflation, some of our component costs have increased. As we have seen, we were able to keep the gross margin stable, actually slightly up quarter-over-quarter despite a lower revenue. So we are we are taking our measure to offset the majority of those cost increase. Mix is also now, of course, very important to us. I would say for the future, the part that is coming from inflation is probably not going to a date very quickly, so we'll probably has the same impact for the next couple of quarters. On the COVID side, on the logistics side, we have seen a little bit of improvement in the June quarter compared to the prior quarter. But I think I said in the past that, the COVID cost was about 200 basis points of our gross margin for June it was probably around 150, this is not of course including all the extra costs coming from inflation.
Gianluca Romano: Yeah, we will have some costs coming from the underutilization, but we also have an increase in the volume from our 20 terabytes sequentially, and that is positive for the gross margin. I also have to say the pricing environment, especially in the market part is still very favorable. So we don't see a - despite the decline in revenue, we don't see a major impact to our gross margin and profitability in general.
Gianluca Romano: Well, first of all, we need to align supply and demand. And we see it now, what Dave was saying before, when there is extra inventory in the business, we need to reduce our supply so that demand and supply are were aligned. When we have that alignment, of course, the pricing environment gets better. And so right now, we are in the situation of transition from, let's say, in a high inventory to a more healthy business situation. And then, of course, during the rest of the year when demand comes stronger and we're aligned to our supply, we will take any possible action on pricing, but we will look at that later during the year.
Gianluca Romano: On the CapEx side, as you have seen, we have already reduced our spending in fiscal Q4, probably for the fiscal year '23 I don't want to change the range. I think 4% to 6% of the revenue is a good range. But for sure, we'll be in the lower part of the range and similar to what we have done in fiscal '22.
Gianluca Romano: Well, free cash flow, as you said, was good in fiscal '22. We increased about $400 million over fiscal '21. We gave an indication of what we expect for the revenue in fiscal '23, and now you bet  comes through, free cash flow will continue to increase, would be the same level of this improvement in fiscal '22, maybe even it could be higher.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. I think between 350 and 360 will be in the range through the fiscal year. We have done a strong control of the OpEx in the last two or three years already. So we think we'll start from a good point. September is demand where we have our annual salary  increase. So we expect little bit of increase starting basically the December quarter, but still in the range, 350 to 360 should be the right range for us.
Gianluca Romano: I'll say, in general, no, we are trying to use this quarter to realign inventory. Of course, as you said, is not - it doesn't depend only from us, but we are reducing our production, and we are taking a fairly low revenue in the quarter in order to do this realignment, So I would say after that, we actually expect to increase revenue sequentially. So December should be better than September quarter and to achieve the revenue that Dave indicated in his prepared remarks, we need to have a fairly good level of revenue in all the three quarters after September.
Gianluca Romano: Well, we did not guide directly gross margin, but I was answering to a question. I said the negative impact in the December quarter because of some underutilization cost, but is also positive impact coming from higher 20 terabytes and I also said the pricing environment is also still favorable. So overall, we don't see major changes to our profitability.
