Steve Luczo: And obviously in any of these answers we give you, you know it's been stated in the Safe Harbor and other comments, we are trying to be as transparent as we can here and give the best information that we have right now. But as you might imagine, it's been a daily event. The teams have been pretty much working 20 hours a day for the last 14 days. And bear with us, we're going to give you the best information we can right at this moment. I'm going to turn that question over to Dave Mosley because he's been most deeply involved with what we're doing with our supply chain in our factories.
Steve Luczo: Well, I mean, they're buying Hitachi. I mean, I guess I don't view them as a new competitor if that merger goes through. So I think, the mission-critical space has been competitive for a long time, and Seagate really tends to differentiate itself with the breadth of the portfolio. When we get long in a portfolio and we're transitioning new products, like we are now, is clearly where customers are maybe more willing to sell a share, if you will. But that's why it's so critical for us to continue with these transitions to the next generation. And as we do them, we believe we can regain the market share to the levels of good condition [ph] which are 58% to 62%.
Steve Luczo: First of all, there were no remedies on the EU question. No, I think what we're seeing is the disruption in the supply chain is kind of multi-threaded and either certain component suppliers just can't get to their building. But we believe the factories are dry and ready to produce once people can get there. Others obviously have damaged the equipment. And some of those are longer lead time and shorter lead time and some of those, their second sources are not. I think that at this point, it's unlikely to assume that everything will be back to normal by the end of December, although, I don't think it's improbable that parts will be flowing in the month of December to a much superior degree than they will be when parts stop arriving sometime at factory doors some time in the next 3 weeks. And so I think as that recovers, the point is Seagate doesn't have factories affected. And so we can start taking those parts and start building drives as quickly as possible.
Steve Luczo: And then we have now a level of productive capability, which obviously could change as a bunch of mix, which is what we're working for our customers on, is the ways that we can basically even increase that output by working with them on mix.
Steve Luczo: Just think of it this way, there's a one quarter lag to what's happening in pricing in the rare earths and how it is to the drive industry. So the rare earth prices were increasing all through the September quarter and didn't start abating until the December quarter. And if you would factor the June quarter, they were not rising the entire time or certainly not at the rate that they were in the September quarter. So the September quarter for us was a big hit, the December quarter will be a full impact, if you will. And starting in the March quarter is when we'll start seeing the reactions in the spot market today.
Steve Luczo: Richard, I think right now like we said, I mean, if we can make a revenue prediction, we could probably make a gross margin prediction, right? I think it's a pretty volatile situation right now and really all of the dynamics you just described are recurring, and they kind of started like what that means, to think it's just something that's more appropriate to do in a few weeks when we have a better visibility on what our output, our mix and our volume's going to be. I don't disagree with the general statements that you're making. And yes, we believe that they're multi-quarter and certainly they extend into the first half of the year, and I believe likely to the end of the calendar year.
Steve Luczo: I don't know, that we didn't say we would. I mean, that's for the analysts to determine. All we said is what the rare earth impact would be against whatever the gross margin is.
Steve Luczo: Yes, I mean, I hate to use the words take advantage as much as we're obviously going to try and respond to the customer needs that are out there and also, the supplier needs that are out there. What we're really doing is trying to align our capabilities, which are pretty substantial with the suppliers that we have partnerships with and that need our help to regain footing, as well them delivering the maximum amount of products to our customers. And the customer dialogue, as you might imagine, given the description of the impact to the industry, given by Western Digital yesterday, has been one of desire to align for certainly an extended period of time. We've had customer calls with several strategic customers and several large customers in both the OEM field, as well as the distribution field that are willing to do multi-quarter alignment with Seagate.
Steve Luczo: We can do it a little bit. I'll let Dave touch on that. Obviously, we're not going to talk about specifics in terms of companies or anything like that. But to you give an idea where some of the constraints are so you can get a sense of this, through your own work, you see us the lead below [ph] as you can get a sense of when we can address the market opportunity. I think that's fair.
Steve Luczo: No, again, I think the issues around share and enterprise are more related to us continuing to ramp our new product line. The breadth of our portfolio is significantly more extensive than our next biggest competitor. And as long as we get the portfolio out there, then we'll gain the share that we need. I think in terms of how we allocate our productive resources, Katy, that's clearly going to be a function of, again, working with our suppliers and then working with our customers to see how we can optimize what they're trying to solve right now, not what we're trying to solve. Seagate is going to do fine through this in terms of being able to make drives and ballpark. So I think to me, it's a question of how do we mix that for our customers, and obviously, our customers drive a lot of margin from enterprise. They drive a lot of margin from newer line and business-critical. They drive a lot of margin from high capital, so all areas that have been hit very hard. So obviously, yes, we're going to be mixing in that area. But it's really to optimize with our customers and with their suppliers.
Steve Luczo: Yes. Again, I think the issue as we get more definition around what the constraints are and what the longer-term impacts are with the industry structurally, then we can make those decisions. Right now, we're, obviously, just trying to solve equations for our customers and suppliers in the December quarter. And then we're extending those conversations in terms of the first half of the year and in some cases for the calendar year. With the assets that we have, we have -- we do have capacity, and we do have the ability to drive more capacity to yield improvement depending on what our mix is. And so that's our first order of focus and then alignment with our customers on that. And when one of it looks like there's sustained shortfalls off of that, then we'll it consider after this.
Steve Luczo: I'm going to let Dave answer the question. I'm not sure I quite understood it. So if you did, Dave ...
Steve Luczo: Yes, I think, it's just hard to speculate. There wasn't a lot of inventory in the OEM hubs. There wasn't a lot of inventory in the channel when, as you might imagine, all of that has been filled in the last 48 hours. So I think the impacts are really probably going to be expelled in about 4 or 5 weeks. And this is going to be a function of really when are we able to basically start shipping drives again and at what volume in terms -- it's going to have to skew in the quarter. I think, it's the complexity. So we're obviously building drives today and shipping drives, and we're going to be able to do that for -- at capacity, for a couple more weeks. And then we'll start being impacted and then how quickly we can recover, again, if it turns out that we're having access to parts in December then we're going to build as many drives as we can in December. And hopefully, our customers can incorporate those in the channel, might be able to take them later in the quarter and the OEMs clearly even a little earlier on the quarter. And that's another thing we're trying to optimize right now. But again, I think the bigger issue is really the impact in the first 6 months of the year, as much as this is an issue about December. Given the structural issues that we described yesterday, I think, in certain way you're right, that this quarter is actually cushioned a bit by -- we have product that was on boats. I mean, WD described that they actually had actually put a greater-than-normal product into finished goods and onto the boats, although obviously been able to draw down from that in the next couple of weeks. And so -- but then given structural impact to the productive capability, I think, the real issue is around March and June. And that's what we're really lining up for as much as we can.
Steve Luczo: I think we're staying in tight contact with all suppliers that we have and watching all aspects of the supply chains that they have. So I wouldn't say there's any real new news in the last 24 to 48 hours.
Steve Luczo: I think, you're going how to model that depending on if we can build 40 or 50. We just gave you a range based on what we know today and told you that it's likely subject to change, which means -- obviously, a 20% range is a pretty big range, which means it could even go in or out of that range. So I think it's hard to say at 50 million units. That's a completely different answer at 40 million units given the absorption associated with the additional 10 million units. So I'm not trying to be cagey or not transparent, but it's just that's how dynamic the situation is right now.
Steve Luczo: Okay. Well, I think, again, the 40 million to 50 million is not contingent upon what the factories can do, whether they're in Thailand or China. We have 2 drive factories in China, and we have one drive factory in Thailand. We also have complemented factories in Thailand that can continue to manufacture. The 40 million or 50 million is contingent upon how much, and what mix of supply, that we can actually get of complements that are coming from these many, many affected factories. And some of those factories are still impacted today. They can't -- there would be assumptions about how fast they come back up or wide, and they're assumptions. Some of them will need the water to recede. Some of stop still being damaged today. Some of them have different levels of equipment damaged. So I think this is very volatile situation right now and expecting accuracy on some of that is just very.. .
Steve Luczo: Again, it's always been a highly competitive market, and whenever you're in a product cycle where we're transitioning, if TAM wasn't growing aggressively and that competitor decided to use that as an opportunity to make -- to take market share. If you want to be aggressive on price and buy market share and it's in a cycle where the customers are willing to do that, then you can do that. Is that a sustained way to take market share? Not really. That's why we're convinced that as long as we keep our heads down, and deal with this new programs, which are making good progress that, that portfolio is what the enterprise customer wants. And it's part of the portfolio that we think we can, again, return to what we believe is the kind of balanced market share of kind of 58% to 62%, which then, obviously, allows our customers to diversify their supply base with 1 or 2 other suppliers in the form of Hitachi or Toshiba, who are both very good suppliers.
Steve Luczo: Not really, because we really don't have a good view into what's going on with Toshiba, other than they've said that their factory is closed and I believe they said wet. One of Hitachi's factories is closed, and again, it just depends how long are they kept away from building drives even if parts are starting to show up. That's kind of very difficult to say right now.
Steve Luczo: Well, as you know, that's a really interesting question because if you're talking about Seagate, Samsung, currently we indicated up by a fairly substantial amount. I think with Toshiba and Hitachi, it's harder to say. My sense is Hitachi would be up just because, from what we understand, the factory has not been affected by water. So it's just a function of getting people back to work. Not an easy task by the way, but it is certainly a lot easier than drying off equipment first. Toshiba, I think, I don't know. It's just hard for me to speculate, so let's just say it's flat. And then, I think, the WD question is better for them to answer but like I indicated if they lost slider fab and they're working through inventories and right now, I think, that's, I think, a question for them to answer. But that number could actually go down, I suppose. Depending on how they fill that gap, and obviously, they're over -- they're doing everything they can. I'm sure with regard to how get HTA and HSA and slider output. And it's a strong, good, well-executing company, and I won't underestimate their ability to recover. It's better for them to answer but it's hard to say.
Steve Luczo: Well, again, I think we'll try and regain share with our new [ph] platforms. I think it depends on the enterprise customer. There's very few enterprise customers who only take mission-critical. There may not be any even. And they're seeing that it's, obviously, they need mission-critical and/or business critical or the entire product line. Clearly for the customer's that need the entire product line, those are the ones that we're trying to address with the portfolio. And I don't even think about it in terms of pricing or unit as much as what can we deliver to the customer and what does that look like in terms of our supply chain and does that look like for them in terms of achieving their business goals. Okay, and I think we're going to wrap it up there. And I'd like to thank all our employees and certainly our suppliers and our customers for their ongoing support. Thank you all for joining us on the call today, and we look forward to speaking to you next quarter. Thanks very much.
William David Mosley: Yes, so Jason, my question -- sorry, my response to the question would start with the impact at the start, which is over 10 days ago now, of some factories. We've been able to assess some of those factories with the sub-suppliers. And the problem is that as time has gone by, there's been more and more impacts to the supply chain, different parts. So as you can well imagine, it's a fairly complex problem that just continues even until now. There continues to be disruptions to people who are actually doing the assessment because the region is still quite disrupted. Peoples homes are affected. They can't get in to certain regions, so it's quite tentative at this point. That's how we've come up with the expectations that we laid out before about mix given the impact that we have in this region, for the factories that we have in that region, for the factories that we have globally. We have second sources in some cases for some products. But it's still a very highly volatile situation, as you can well imagine, not knowing exactly what we're going to get 4 or 6 weeks from now based on a lot of assumptions about how fast people can or can't come back from some of these challenges.
William David Mosley: Rich, I talked about the complexity a little earlier on all of our products. We have 25, roughly, product lines that are going. Some of them, from a mechanical standpoint, have numerous different configurations, largely capacity-based. So the supply chain that feeds that is there's some places like in our China factories, for example that are specific to China. There's numerous other suppliers in different locations as well. And that's something that we're going to have to factor through the impact with the suppliers that are in the affected region. This is very substantial to us, very substantial to our whole industry. And that's where, we're focusing our concern. But we do have some opportunities to move equipment. We have some opportunities to keep lines going that are in unaffected regions and thus disciplined up mix, that's why we have to rework the mixture that the customers are getting, what we can build and what they need outside of these things together. So it's going to be a very volatile quarter.
William David Mosley: Yes. Sorry, Richard, I'm didn't mean to avoid that question, yes. I mean, Samsung, is generally -- doesn't have internal components. And again, I want to stress that we produce some of the internal components, slider wafer, slider and media. We have productive capacity, and we feel good about our ability to flow those parts, which will, I think, tie into when other parts of the supply chain are available, that we're going to be probably best positioned to take advantage of that to provide output. With respect to Samsung, they're obviously not vertically integrated like we are. However, a lot of their supply chain is in Korea. Although they do depend on certain parts out of Thailand as does everyone. And yes, they do have a strong relationship with TDK in terms of the outsourcing of the [indiscernible] .
William David Mosley: And clearly part of this is aligning for the mix of our customers. We certainly have to do that. So there's a big range of outcomes on there and we're working closely with our customer to see what they want us to maximize, and we will work with them. But certainly, directionally, everything you say is in that way, but given we're talking a 10 million range of units we certainly have a wide range of outcomes.
William David Mosley: This is Dave. And I think it's very specific to product lines timing based on the amount of inventory we had in certain chains. It's also very dependent upon second sources or in some cases, dual sites that individual component vendors had and then the amount of reaction that's happened. During the past, there's been some factories that have been able to respond differently than others, just based on a lot of logistics issue. So it's a pretty complicated equation, obviously. I think they tend to the biggest impacts tend to be around our ability to build headstocks for all the subcomponents where headstocks can -- in particular, there are a lot of mechanical piece part vendors in these regions that we're going to have to go to get a solution as we try to put the supply chain back together.
William David Mosley: Here's the way I see it. We have ceilings, so to speak, on our production capabilities for some of those different product lines. But I think the nature of this problem and the vendors that impacted, are the wide swath of different parts. So the various impacts for the different product lines is pretty broad. I would say that -- and we can't shift for a lot more enterprise, for example, versus what our production capacity is for ourselves internally. The question really is, what do the end customers need and then what can the suppliers produce. And those are the 2 ends of the supply chain that we're going to have struggle to tie together. And I think, that's going to be a very dynamic question especially because we can't get a sense in some of the impacts. Some of the sub-supplier factories just occurred literally in the last 72 hours, so we continue assessing the very dynamic situation, and we're going to have to figure out and shift our capacity to it and the boundaries of what our manufacturing capability is very quickly.
William David Mosley: Yes, multi-variance equation there. And as you get up to that 50 million, everything that everyone's characterized, short supply demand and balance, those things certainly pushing margin upwards, and that would imply that we can hit the mix our customers want and keep our factories full. That's a very good equation. In 40 million depending on what that mix is, when it comes there may be period expenses that just can't cover. So as Steve said, we're not trying to be less than clear. It's just when you're talking 40 million, it's a much different outcome than 50 million.
William David Mosley: I think, the implied question is why is your number so high relative to WD. I think you need to understand that WD's number's, as best we understand their business, is being driven by a super set of slider -- lack of slider. So regardless of what they're -- well, if you could say it a different way, if they had a full access to slider, what their number would be would probably likely be much higher than 22 to 26 shipped. And that would include, we're assuming, whatever was in the inventory. So that's a hard constraint that they have, that they know that they can't resolve this quarter. And hopefully, that we're working to resolve in the next couple of quarters as you indicated. Seagate doesn't have that type of part constraint either on the factory side, which -- they also some have on the factory side. As has Toshiba and marginally, Hitachi because they can't get people to work. And we don't have another component side other than non-captive components. And so for us, it's a bunch of our assumptions based on our conversations to date with our key suppliers about what parts we think we can get when.
William David Mosley: The mission-critical business still drives enormous margin for our customers, and they're highly-valued products that have to have certain liability and quality service features that basically take more to develop. They take more to test, and they take more to service the operating side of supporting an enterprise business goes well beyond the gross margin side. Which is the point we continue to make. And one of the reasons our operating model is different than people going into the enterprise, it takes a lot more to support that.
