Stephen James Luczo: Thanks, Dave. As we manage the business in the near term, we are cognizant of the recent published earning results and related conservative guidance from a broad base of large corporations that serve the global technology industrial markets, as well as many consumer products companies. As indicated, demand for our nearline drives has accelerated from earlier in the year as cloud service providers are deploying new systems and/or replacing HDDs that are in service. We expect this demand to be relatively flat in the September quarter. We see growth in some areas of high capacity non-PC clients, specifically DVR, surveillance, NAS, and seasonal gaming demand, offset with declines in the PC-related markets as we narrow our participation in this segment. Overall, I expect demand should improve in the September quarter with our focus on high capacity opportunities for our portfolio. Based on these factors, we expect revenue growth and gross margin improvement in the September quarter. Given the dynamic nature of the technology business as well as a still tepid macroeconomic environment, we have approached our outlook cautiously. We expect to achieve revenues of at least $2.7 billion in the September quarter, with gross margins of at least 27%, and relatively flat operating expenses. We believe it's important that investors recognize the continued shift from client server to mobile cloud, and the related infrastructure and application level changes taking place in our industry. These shifts are impacting our traditional customer base, while also creating significant opportunities for core technology providers such as Seagate with an expanding customer base. The new customer base includes our traditional OEMs and distribution customers as well as significant and growing demand from cloud service providers, surveillance companies, and will likely include corporate demand in the not-too-distant future. As a result of these changes in product demand and customer base, we have experienced shifts in our traditional seasonal demand patterns. Cyclicality associated with cloud infrastructure buildout can now override seasonality, and this has implications for investors' expectations and management of our company resources. While the overall shift in technology deployment and related growth in data science applications is quite favorable for the HDD industry on a moving annual average, the rate of growth for storage demand in the near term will likely fluctuate quarter to quarter as major systems installations either aggressively deploy or absorb capacity. As we analyze these trends, we are considering that these changes in customer buying patterns and capacity utilization may be better reflected in annual guidance planning for investors. We will discuss this possibility with our investors over the next few months. In addition, we continue to implement actions to align our manufacturing footprint and operating expense investment with market demand. These actions, as well as the product portfolio introductions previously discussed, should result in continued gross margin and operating margin improvement over the near term. Should there be improvement in the overall macroeconomic conditions, we would expect to see improved HDD unit demand across all markets with commensurate benefits to the company's financial performance. Thank you for joining us on the call today, and we can now open it up for questions and answers.
Stephen James Luczo: We're not done. And in terms of OpEx, I think for the next one or two quarters, it'll be relatively in this range, Sherri, and then it should reduce afterwards.
Stephen James Luczo: We're starting to get a sense of it, and to your point, obviously we're confident that the $2.50 will be exceeded. I think until we start kind of getting a better sense on some of these demand patterns on the CSPs, we just want to get a little more data under our belt before we give you a more specific number. But to your point, we're confident that it'll be materially different than $2.50 a share.
Stephen James Luczo: Yeah, I'd say that the visibility over a year by quarter isn't great, Rich. I mean I think they have a decent sense of what they think they need in terms of capacity deployment on an annual basis, but when it breaks down to quarter to quarter, I think given the nature of the customers, many of them aren't actually witnessing centralized perspective of demand. So there's a bunch of BUs that are deploying, and a lot of those BUs actually buy on their own. Some of them go to a centralized deployment; some of them don't. So you can't think of these big CSPs necessarily as holistically planning capacity for every one of their application sets, because a lot of those business units within those companies are on their own cycles and maybe it gets aggregated, maybe it doesn't, depending on the customer. So I think they're all learning. I think what's going to drive the better visibility is just the lead time associated with these products, and we've already seen it with the ATB. As you know, the wafer cycle times on the heads are longer than the quarter and then the test times are three weeks on top of that. So you're well outside of a quarter in terms of lead time. So if you don't do a great job of your capacity planning in advance of a quarter as a CSP, and you don't have excess capacity, you're going to be somewhat constrained, especially as they move into these spaces where they could see big step function changes in demand, i.e., they pick up a big corporate customer that's going to a huge cloud-based installation of applications, let's say. If they don't have the capacity in place, they can't take that business. My guess is if they miss one piece of business like that once, all of a sudden the planning's going to get a lot better. And we've seen that. Those trends are starting where you have these Fortune 50 or even Fortune 20 companies that are now making big moves to the cloud. And that puts on basically sometimes pressure of, we need a whole new data center. And this is the beginning of the trend, not even the middle or the end game. So we expect a lot more of that. So the lead time, and the lead times of course with the 10 terabyte are longer and the 12 terabyte are long just because against the complexity of the technology. So your process content is way higher and of course, the test time is way higher. So I think in general, their views aren't bad on a looking out over 12 month basis. It's just their quarter to quarter visibility is still developing. In terms of 8s, 10s, 12s, we think the 8s are going to be around for a long time. It's super high performance and very lost cost product for us. 10 TB, we certainly have customers that are taking the drive. We don't know that we see a huge uptick in 10 TB just because you're only picking up 2 terabytes and it costs a lot more right now. Maybe as the two companies get up the yield curve and bring cost down, we'll see an acceleration of the deployment. That's what we noticed on ATB, that once you got up the yield curve and in our case, because we have a disk and two heads less, we were able to hit cost points that really accelerated the replacement of 4s and 6s with 8s. So whether or not it's 10 or maybe 12 where you pick up 50% more capacity or frankly, maybe even 16 where it's I'm doubling capacity in that same real estate, it'll be interesting to see where that transition happens. I think the important thing is to make sure from a Seagate perspective that we're leading in areal density and we continue to deliver that in our products. And whenever the customers decide they want that product, we'll be there with it.
Stephen James Luczo: I still think the annual demand for storage is still probably more defined by available capacity than it is real demand. I mean again, if you take population growth times connected devices times richness of content, it gets you easily to three or four zettabytes by 2020, which would imply kind of 30% to 35% annual growth in storage. And I still think that's really kind of what the demands is, and the question is can the HDD industry or the NAND industry for that matter invest to those levels of capital or not. And we'll see. It's pretty tight though, given the budgets that people have deployed or the fabs that are lined up. But I still think you're seeing exabyte demand that's well in excess of areal density demand, so in that sense we view it as demand's outstripping supply. And then of course the packaging requirements are moving to more high capacity, so more heads and disks per units, but units probably flattening out. But from an absorption perspective for Seagate, making heads and disk or because the process content is so much higher or the test content is so much higher, that's a really good trend for us.
Stephen James Luczo: Yeah, we're not actually that focused on unit TAM. Again, we're more focused on exabyte. We've heard the 110 million number from our competitor, and on the face of it, that probably seems reasonable. That's not probably a TAM we see visibility to, because we're not participating in the low end of that segment and there's obviously a lot of units there, especially in the gaming market. But it doesn't seem unreasonable to us.
Stephen James Luczo: Okay, market's opening so we should probably wrap it up, everyone. We appreciate your support and thanks to our employees, our customers, our suppliers, and we'll talk to you in three months. Thanks.
