Stephen J. Luczo: I think demand continues to increase in the near line space. I mean that’s where the vast majority of the companies that are providing cloud infrastructure, purchase those types of devices, so as the cloud deployments continue, that market continues to grow. And I think in Seagate case, we did execute well in terms of in quarter upside there as well.
Stephen J. Luczo: I know I do what people think, but the LTAs again provided favorable pricing to the OEMs in the supply-constrained environment, substantially lower priced in the spot market would have provided at the time. And it was to align the longer-term purchase requirements of those customers with our supply situation. A number of those agreements have been extended. Others originally extended beyond this calendar year, last calendar year and this calendar year. So I don’t see any big changes as a result of the constant evolution of the LTA agreements.
Stephen J. Luczo: And I’ll let Rocky talk to the details of it. I’ll just provide a brief little overview that is consistent with how we approach the emerging solid state market, which is developing nicely. And we believe that we have to participate in a variety of segments that we feel very good about our position. On the enterprise SaaS side with our partnership with Samsung, the PCIe space is clearly an attractive one. And we feel this partnership is going to allow us to address the needs of our OEM and distribution customers, and then we are doing things on the clients’ space that we have talked in prior calls.
Stephen J. Luczo: I think we already indicated what we thought our gross margin is going to be, so I’m not going to repeat that. On the first one, I’m not sure what Western Digital’s revenue decline was. I thought at the midpoint it was closer to 6% not 2%. But and for us I’m not sure if you’re in the first part of the call where we indicated that we’re also at the near of the high end of our market share in the December quarter as a result of some really good in quarter execution to customer upsides. At the low end of our range, we haven’t modeled that type of performance again, we typically don’t model that. So I think that the outlook for the markets, we maybe a touch more conservative in TAM than our competitors and coming off of the higher market share. We may have some small market share loss if we don’t get the in quarter upside like we did. But in general, I think it’s a fairly consistent, okay.
Stephen J. Luczo: I think if we go back further than that, Steven, I think of it kind over a four-year trend and the average capacity per drive is kind of gone from mid 20s to mid 30s to mid 40s to mid 50s. And whether or not it goes to mid 60s, I guess we can argue about. But even at these rates given where areal density is, it’s a good thing for the drive industry, because what we do is we ship petabytes, how we package them is probably the easiest thing that we’re faced with, driving areal density and then of course managing our capital deployment and matching up with our customer needs architecturally is where a lot of our work goes. So I don’t see it slowing down. I just think if the – know if the silicon folks can keep on track in terms of reducing the cost of silicon and the software people can continue to develop nice portable easy open code, then we’re going to see device proliferation in the client side, especially in the mobile space continue to grow and hopefully we go from 1.7 billion people connected to 2.7 billion connected and sharing all sorts of rich content which is what we hear about. We do believe that to give people the user experience that they probably deserve at the edge, there is an opportunity for HDDs to play a greater role in some of the mobile devices and we’re pursuing those discussions but clearly the backend infrastructure to support that type of data growth is a big opportunity for us. I don’t see it slowing down if anything I see it accelerating.
Stephen J. Luczo: If you go to high frame rate video, you go to 4K video, I mean these imply, movies today in HD are 20 to 30 gigabytes and 4K that’s just average frame rates is 100 to 200 gigabytes. So it just gives you a feel for the challenges we have gone for to provide storage people are going to need.
Stephen J. Luczo: Depends on the application, enterprise has to be split, I think, in the mission critical enterprise versus maybe call service provider or content. If you are in an archiving mode, then clearly we believe that there are architectures we can deploy that drive capacity per drive. But if you are in the pure mission critical, you have a performance constraint that always has to be bought about. So it just depends on the application.
Stephen J. Luczo: So on the Brazil issue, however, last quarter we said – at least half of the impact in that was even less than that this quarter, so it was measurable but not any frame that we were about. We’ve put a plan in place to correctly resolve some of our provision in inventory and I think that’s working well. So we think we largely taken care of that issue.
Stephen J. Luczo: No, no. Hardware isn’t HDD, it just also got flash in better than along with a bunch of software that makes that flash work well. So we don’t, from a manufacturing perspective, we don’t see that shift is being problematic because again its still lots of heads in this. And I think the trend up where we are at on single disk and two disk solutions is probably not necessarily influenced by hybrid. It’s really a performance play. I think it’s a big deal. I think because you kind of get the SSD – for example down at CES last month or whenever it was now, earlier this month hard to believe and just shocking the number of thin and light machines that are packed with expensive SSDs when you can use a hybrid drive for a lot less money with the same performance. I think as the industry has now become the line around the right chipset and the right performance measures, we are going to see a lot of thin and lights that roll out with hybrid, because you can pickup ten times the capacity of one-fifth the cost and that probably will help the notebook market, that’s probably more price sensitive than other market. So I think it’s a big transition ahead of us.
Stephen J. Luczo: Yeah. And I think it’s a big opportunity again. We indicated that we believe to deliver the user experience that you probably deserve as a mobile user. There is lots of reasons that you need more storage capacity in that device, not citing anyone’s product. We are just calling something a tablet. If you only have 16 or 32 gigs and you have to decide which three or four movies you are going to take with you seems kind of silly when you can take every movie your own for less cost and actually the same battery performance in the same (inaudible). So yeah, we think there is a big opportunity coming down the pipe for tablets as well and we are engaged on multiple fronts.
Stephen J. Luczo: No, we don’t have segments, but Pat you can talk to what the AUP decline was, pretty minimal as I recall of the September quarter.
Stephen J. Luczo: Initially it will be pretty minor amounts of money. By the time it becomes visible, it should be margin neutral and margin accretive.Nehal Chokshi – Technology Insights Research: Okay. Thanks.
Stephen J. Luczo: And just on your first question, we just – we just look the AUP, the AUP decline was only 3% quarter-to-quarter, so that was a lot less in the price erosion that we have talked about.Ananda Baruah – Brean Murray Carret & Co.: All right, okay.
Stephen J. Luczo: I think the inventories are better certainly over the last two quarters and probably closer to where the customers wanted me to have to ask the customers that. But I think from our perspective, no one is really confident on it, but our inventories are, so I don’t know what that is. Our inventories are quite low, running almost a $0.5 billion of inventory less than our competitors. So, we feel really good about our inventory balances, as far as we can tell that customers inventory balances are pretty well managed right now. And I think, the demand on the notebook side is really just a function of the new platforms gain traction, which is partially dependent on the touch-enabled technology and Win 8 deployment. So we’re kind of in a wait and see mode, but we’re optimistic that things improve from here, well enough that happens in the March quarter, the June quarter, September quarter, we’ll see. But I think we’re probably skipping along the bottom here and I also think as hybrid start showing up in these devices, it’s going to be a value add to the notebook market, because like I said you can get a lot more capacity in the same performance with a lot lower costs, so.
Stephen J. Luczo: Nothing different than what we’ve already said and disclosed on our file documents, something we continue to look at every quarter. We don’t really have a limitation on the buybacks. It’s just that if we buyback too much stock, we run into section 382 issue. So it’s just something you consider as we think about whether or not we want to pursue buybacks, but it’s not a direct limitation.Eric Sterling – Barclays Capital Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Stephen J. Luczo: Well, for us, we integrated pretty much most of the areas where there were cost savings on the R&D side and on the operating side. Our limitations were and/or really geared around the go-to-market side, sales, customer engagement, pricing. And you are right that the initial – on December 19 or 20 or 21, we had the right to ask the regulatory authorities to relapse those. We haven’t done that. We continue to have a positive and constructive dialogue with Matcom and other regulators in China, and we are going to continue those dialogues and when appropriate then we’ll seek release from the requirements.
Stephen J. Luczo: Yeah, I kind of answered the second question already. I mean we’re not going to – we manage our capacity more on our capital deployment as opposed to brick and mortar. As we look out to 2015, 2016 we believe that that this constant disconnect between petabyte growth rate and areal density growth rate is going to put extreme shortages in front of the drive industry at current capital deployment rate, so we don’t want to walk away from brick and mortar, it’s really how we manage the inside of the walls in the meantime. And that’s what we are doing very conservatively, so I don’t think it changes any of that. I don’t know that I agree with all the nay sayers anyhow I kind of like the term – what was the – what’s the normal term on PC, post-PC, but whatever it is. It’s really what the PC evolving to, and I think these convertible platforms that become tablets and notebooks and have onboard storage are very compelling, and I expect there will be resurgence in the client side of the market here in the not too distant future, but we’ll watch it. And in terms of the OpEx question, we just see big opportunities on the mobile side, I mean call the infrastructure side where there is a lot of device level technology, software technology, and even system level technology that really only a drive company can provide and we don’t want to miss the opportunity to investment in some of those fundamental technologies as these markets develop. So I think for the incremental dollars, it’s a prudent thing to do now, and then we’ll see where the revenue flows with it. But clearly, we think these are multibillion dollar opportunities when you take mobile and cloud and think about the evolution of computing. Over the next five to 10 years and so we want to position Seagate to participate not just as a device company, which will be our core, but some of the other opportunities that go along with it. So we’ll manage it prudently and hopefully start to show some revenue associated with it in the next year.Scott Craig – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks, Steve.
Stephen J. Luczo: Okay. Thanks very much. And on behalf of management team, I want to thank our employees, customers, partners, suppliers and our shareholders for your support and commitment, and we look forward to speaking to you next quarter. Thank you.
Albert “Rocky” Pimentel: Yeah, I mean I think Steve just covered it. It’s really another step in completing the platform for solid state storage that Seagate wants to offer alongside of its traditional magnetic core storage side. I think we’re pretty excited about this engagement with Virident, not only to we have a strong go-to-market initiative, but also strong development initiative forward. And so as a result, we’ll have a stack of SSD solid state solutions that span from the client all the way through to the flash server, high application, data demands of the massively scale data center.Monika Garg – Pacific Crest Securities: Thank you.
Albert “Rocky” Pimentel: Aaron, this is “Rocky” Pimentel. Let’s clarify, you said acquisition, we made an strategic investment in Virident.
Albert “Rocky” Pimentel: Yes, so one of the, Aaron, this is Rocky Pimentel again. Obviously – they actually have benchmarks that you can refer to on their website, but based on the benchmark, the external third-party benchmarking they’ve done with their product against other leaders in “the category out there”, they demonstrate the ability to exceed many of the key specs like IOPS et cetera against the incumbent competition out there. And I think secondly, another thing that we can bring to our relationship is the ability to drive their cost structure down from a product standpoint, given our scale and our involvement and other areas of solid state storage.
