Dave Mosley: Thanks, Gianluca. In summary, we had a great quarter. Our growing mass capacity markets are showing strong demand and enterprise spending is in recovery. We’re executing on our technology and product roadmaps, and seeing positive customer engagement with our newest mass capacity offerings. We currently expect annual revenue growth of at least 10% in calendar year 2021, as the shift towards the less seasonal mass capacity markets supports a more stable revenue outlook through the year. We’re also making deliberate steps to build out our Lyve platform, particularly Lyve Cloud and are excited by the early reaction from customers. All of this wins confidence to our positive outlook for the Company. And that confidence is illustrated by our active return of capital to our shareholders. In recognition of Earth Day, it is fitting the highlight that we published our 15th global citizenship annual report this week. We are proud of our longstanding commitment to build sustainable supply chains and products to conserve the world’s precious resources. In the most recent reporting period, we increased water recycling by nearly 9% and recycled the equivalent of 1,100 Olympic sized swimming pools. We reduced our production energy consumption by about 19% on a per exabyte basis. And we are executing plans to reduce our carbon footprint by 20% by 2025 and 60% by 2040, in accordance with science-based targets. Consistent with our core value of integrity, we will continue striving to balance our business decisions around people, our planet, and profitability. Prior to closing, I’d like to thank our employees for their extraordinary efforts, as well as our customers, suppliers and shareholders for their ongoing trust and support in Seagate. With that, Gianluca and I are now happy to take your questions.
Dave Mosley: Hi Wamsi. I’ll let Gianluca go through a couple of details. But, I’ll just break it down real quickly. As we’re going through the transition to the common platform, we have the 16 to 18 terabytes and even beyond. We obviously control a lot of the internal concepts. We’ve said that we like the transitions for our ability to go control costs a little bit better, as well. So, that does help the margin. Probably the most important part relative to our manufacturing transactions is – transitions, is that obviously gross margins are still very impacted by logistics worldwide. And even if customers want products, immediately, we have to -- it’s pretty expensive to go get it. So, that’s the other headwind that we have right now. We do see that some of that abating over the next six months.
Dave Mosley: Yes. Wamsi, I would say it’s possible. But as you said, strong demand in a lot of these segments, obviously, over the long haul, we expect continued erosion, but mostly the big erosion’s already happened, to your point. And so, a lot of the systems that are out there, certainly mission critical replacement rates and PC business still exists. I think, they’re much more stable. And to the extent that some of the recovery that happens after the pandemic, in certain places in the world, may actually drive needs for that kind of equipment. There may be a temporary run on that stuff is possible.
Dave Mosley: Yes. I think that there is some -- there is mass capacity in the systems business for example, which is largely boxes full of mass capacity drives. But, to the extent that there is incremental revenue from the boxes from the chassis themselves and controllers that we use and things like that, there is revenue in that. And there is high demand for that as well for mass capacity. And then, the consumer and the consumer SSD business doing quite well and strong demand. I think, our brand is moving a lot of product there as well. So, I think those are the big drivers there, and it’s a little bit seasonal to your point.
Dave Mosley: I think, as you know, we have long cycle times. And so, therefore, we have long planning cycles with most of the big scale customers. And so, I think, the things on that front are fairly predictable. Everyone’s going through certain kinds of component shortages. I think that may actually -- it doesn’t really affect our supply, but it may actually affect the end demand, based on what everybody can get and sit together and things like that. So, I think it’s a relatively benign environment from that perspective. There are interesting trends that are going on out in the world about what people are doing with the mass capacity storage. I think there’s a lot of innovation vectors that are taking off, and especially as recovery happens. And these are things that we’re watching. And I think if you look through the distribution channels, you’ll see fairly strong demand for that as well. Again, it’s mass capacity demand. But some of the file sharing platforms that exist out there, IPFS is one that we’re watching it really carefully. It’s an interesting dynamic with a lot of kind of vibrancy. The guys just love to see a lot of creative professionals just coming up with new types of applications and these are driving demand as well. So, I think, that’s probably something you see if you look at those channels in particular.
Dave Mosley: So, obviously, looking back at 2020, there was supply and demand disruption. So first, when the supply was disrupted, people were shutting down factories, there was a lot of pulling of demand. And then, the demand realities in about July timeframe came to restrain. So that -- so we lived through that in 2020. I think 2021, there is still some kind of supply concerns that people have about components everywhere. And so, there are people pulling things in. From my perspective, mass capacity is relatively insulated from some of that, and we have pretty predictable relationships exactly to Katy’s question. So, we look at this year is not having as profound an impact as we did in 2020. And that’s where we get the 10% capacity. And it’s more of mass capacity, some of the VIA markets and things like that will be contributing as well, as largely the cloud and enterprise on-prem coming back.
Dave Mosley: Simply put, yes. So, I think we have to get our -- all of our manufacturing capacity pointed in the right direction there. And as legacy comes down and helps us, and then there’s other opportunities as well, like platform commonality and things like that. We’ve kind of said that 16-terabyte was getting a little long in the tooth. That’s why we want to accelerate the 18 terabytes and then 20 terabytes. And in each one of those points, you get a chance to refresh, and maybe take some cost out as well. But, based on what new designs are in the factory -- and we get the leverage of the platform too. So, I hope that helps you. 
Dave Mosley: Yes. I would say that we always budget enough capacity for the channel. I mean, channels -- the customers in the channels are varied and important to us. And so, we always budget enough capacity to make sure that we’re sourcing the channels well. We do see the uptick in demand that you’re referring to. Like we said, we’re watching the different trends that are causing it. Some are really interesting vibrant trends. And we love that. What I would say is that it’s a little early in this to know how prolonged it is, how prolonged that will be. So, I think we’re even early in this quarter. So, it’s really hard to know exactly what the distribution channel reaction is going to be. I also think that getting people things immediately is a problem in the world today, because it’s affecting, to your question about the manufacturing capacity that we have. Even if we even if it came out of the back of our factory, getting it around the world to that channel location might be a problem, right? So, I think, we’ll have to look at all these dynamics, look at the lag or lead times, if you will on how that demand’s developing and figure out how we service it.
Dave Mosley: Yes. We won’t talk about the latter part. But yes, we do maintain a stake. These are, like I said, vibrant segments that we’ve been watching for quite some time. We have a fair amount of people that are -- because it’s all about data flow, and in the case of the recent trends, a lot of it’s about data storage in particular. So, these are things that we watch and determine how we make investments, not only in external investments that we might make, but also internally and what kind of technologies we’re developing. So, we’re maintaining a stake.
Dave Mosley: Yes. This is typically -- I’ll let Gianluca answer part of this as well. But, this is typically a seasonal market and it’s tied to I’ll say government spending and build out. Now, obviously, a lot of that has been disrupted in various places in the world right now. And then, I think if you go back four quarters ago, the edge markets were generally really depressed, because I think my comment at the time was nobody’s on-prem anyway. So, people just aren’t making on-prem. So, I think there has been a high degree of cyclicality this year to the point. I think, what we’re seeing right now is, not only replenishment of supply chains that were disturbed but also -- and early in the year, investment cycle in smart city applications. And some of that maybe, because of healthcare data or maybe because of buildings reopening, and they hadn’t been making investments for a while, but it seems to be relatively earlier and maybe a seasonal right now.
Dave Mosley: And sorry, one other point too. Our central thesis is that the data at the extreme edge is not being properly utilized. As a matter of fact, a lot of times this gets deleted. And, we think there are people who are starting to answer questions about how do I store that for a little bit longer and then process the data with AI and make value-based decisions on the data. Maybe not necessarily in the next minute but it maybe a day later or a week later. And so, as that happens, we expect some of this seasonality to be more muted over time.
Dave Mosley: Yes. That’s great. I mean, I don’t really think about it as share, because to your point, we go out to the customers. We have -- since the lead times on the products are so long, we have good dialogues about not what you need in six weeks, but what do you need in six months? And I think that’s working quite well. Our customers appreciate that. We still have flexibility for them. But, we’re kind of co-planning in that respect. And I think that’s served us very well on both of them. So, the bouncing ball on share, if you will. I don’t have a great visibility into how that’s going to change. I just know what our demand is. That’s why I said. I do think there’s a little element in the last few quarters of -- at the end of quarters sometimes Seagate gets pulled a little harder than we thought, and there may be a competitive dynamic, or it may just be the customers were holding a little bit in their back pocket. But in general it’s become a way more stable environment than it used to be. And we’re not building things speculatively either -- ramp, we’ve been -- we are ready for that drive mid last summer. The customers weren’t really ready too, again growing up a very predictable ramp for that and keeping our factories full, the 16, while that was happening and having good dialogue too. So, I think, that’s just serving us well. We’re not in the era of building --having a hunch, building a bunch and then speculatively trying to move at the last minute anymore. 
Dave Mosley: Yes. I would say, relative to 90 days ago, I mean, again, we’ve been fairly predictable in giving our customers what they need. And to the extent that that’s locked in with our manufacturer capacity, not much has changed on that front. I do think across the broader world, procurement people tend to be more concerned about supply. So, some of the discussions are being even more mature than we had thought 90 days ago. That’s the way I think about it. And we made reference to this in the prepared remarks about some of the long-term agreements that we’ve been able to establish in the last quarter.
Dave Mosley: I think, that was much more profound back then. From my perspective, supply and demand is a lot more imbalanced than back in those days. As a matter of fact, supply disrupted last year and demand was disrupted as well, that we’re still feeling the reverb, and it’s very different than the 2012 environment. I would say that the biggest difference is the lead times on the products. I mean, the wafer starts that we’re doing right now, realistically are hitting -- for the mass capacity driver, hitting the back end of our testers probably around Christmas. And if you think about that that’s driving really good, healthy discussions with what people exactly need and what kind of flexibility they need.
Dave Mosley: That’s right, Mehdi. That’s right. That’s what we’ve been saying, 35%. It’s been a little bit stronger from that for the last couple of years for us. But that’s we think the long-term growth rate is, 35% to 40%. 
Dave Mosley: I think we do think that mass capacity is to going to continue to grow. I think we’ve talked about this a little bit. Cloud service providers around the world have to make tough decisions on exactly how they’re making investments. And so, not all of those investments are necessarily mass capacity related. We do expect, they continue to grow in that capacity into the back of the year, and that’s when Gianluca made the comment earlier about a seasonality that’s what he was talking about.
Dave Mosley: I don’t really think about as market share, I think more about what customers want, what technology portfolio that we have, and how we might service it. And I guess, it’s important to remember that the cloud, if you will, is -- mass capacity is not one size fits all. There are many different types of firmware load-outs, applications that are -- that require different performance levels that can tolerate different performance loads. Some are colder storage and some are very much nearline, right. So, those are very active 20%. So, there are going to be multiple flavors of the technology. It’s the same common platform. And I think -- from my perspective, I think we’re locked in pretty tight with customers. So, that’s why we’ve got confidence. And I think multiple flavors. That doesn’t mean one or two.
Dave Mosley: No. Maybe the way I would characterize it is there are some customers that were using 16 in translation, but there are also other customers that were not transitioning from previous 12s or 14s or wherever they were before. And I think we have fairly broad representation. I do think the markets are generally moving up from, like I said back, if I came back to the 6 or 8 terabyte days, people would be stuck on some of those lower capacity points, much longer. In general, people who are doing data center build outs around the world are using that mass capacity, leading edge, drive much more aggressively. So, from my perspective, 18 terabyte is very broad adoption. And I’ve already said, we like the platform quite a bit because we’re continuing to get cost leverage out of it.
Dave Mosley: Yes. Again -- sorry Shannon. So, not so much on the supply part for us. Although, I think everybody’s watching the same kinds of long-term supply issues. But, short-term, we hear from customers that they’re having problems getting the final kit. And so, usually what that does to us as it makes -- maybe that they’re already hit that revenue or secured that customer win for them. They may need it differently. And so, we’re having to be very flexible.
Dave Mosley: Yes. I think exactly to your point, I mean, I think the demand is there. It’s just that how exactly quickly it can be served. And then, obviously, some customers, they get service, somebody else won’t. So, there is a lot of those dynamics we have.
Dave Mosley: Sure. I think if you think about Lyve Cloud as almost like an external storage or an external hard drive in the cloud, to the comments you made about retail. It’s very simple. There is no ingress or egress fees. There’s - it’s a scratch pad. That’s the way I think about it, and you could use it temporarily. You use it permanently if you want. I think, there are customers who are very -- or always aggregating data out certain locations to want to temporary landing spot before they find out exactly where they’re going to put their data long-term. And so, these are the kinds of customers that are giving us a lot of interesting feedbacks for continued development of the thing, and we’re not -- this is people tens of terabytes or even bigger.
Dave Mosley: But Sidney, I would say that what we are trying to say is that I think things are relatively full and we expect -- a muted seasonality, if you will, as we look forward. That’s definitely true.
Dave Mosley: Yes. It’s interesting. There are different types of customers who want different performance levels. I think I made reference to that earlier. But to the extent that we already know that medium term, this platform family really well. We don’t have to turn that to medium. That’s one option, another option, SMR, like we talked about. So there’s lots of different bases that provide those customer solutions. Is it more complex for us? Yes. But we have this kind of platform. And so that common platforms can go multiple different directions and we feel very confident in that. And we’re not really worried about qualifications or anything like that.
Dave Mosley: Yes. I’ll take the latter question first. We do -- we have long lead times for our components internally, we got the factories every day, 91 days a quarter. So, to the extent that we know exactly what we want for this common platform and for all the other products that we’re building, I think we do make sure that we have enough stock for whatever contingencies we have. From my perspective on the smart city applications that we’re saying, they are very -- it’s not just, this is not just surveillance market anymore. So, we see there are many different types of edge use cases that are starting to develop. And even some of the building security types of applications are -- they have a lot more features that are being demanded of them now. So, they’re not just the same kind of security we’re all used to. There’s other kinds of features being put in. And so, therefore, if you’re buying a solution for a facility or calculating a facility, one of those features, I think that’s actually driving demand for higher capacities for us as well, so. And then, sorry Steven, what we said earlier was last year was so disruptive from supply-demand perspective on this front, people were investing in the edge. But, I think that’s why we’re seeing this kind of pull in the market this year, relatively.
Dave Mosley: Thanks Gabriel. And thanks to all of you for joining us today. Seagate continues to execute well and remains excited about the tremendous opportunities we foresee ahead, both in the near-term and longer term, driven by massive growth of data. I’d like to once again thank our customers, suppliers, business partners and importantly our employees for their ongoing support of Seagate.
Gianluca Romano: Well, I would say, first of all, we are fairly satisfied with improvement in [indiscernible]. We improved by 60 basis points. It is a fairly big jump in just one quarter. We are expecting further improvement. As we discussed at the Analyst Day, we are near target of 30% to 33% in just few quarters from now. We communicated today that our mass capacity segment is already in that range, and that it is also of course very important for us because as you know, we have 65% of hard disk drive that is in that segment. We need to look at the mix, for example, the normal hard disk part of the business has grown fairly materially in the last quarter. As you know, that part of the business has a lower margin percentage. But, it is a very good contributor to our free cash flow. So, it’s very important part of our business. As for the future, as Dave said, one big element is COVID; the second big element is the continued transition to mass capacity. We expect a fairly strong quarter in June in the nearline part and a good recovery in surveillance. That is more seasonal than other parts of the mass capacity segment. So, it was down in March, and we expect to recover in June. And then, continuous alignment between supply and demand. And as you know, we are building our CapEx in order to of course increase capacity but increase in a way that is quarter-after-quarter aligned better to demand that is coming fairly strong. We guided gross -- gross margin but you can extrapolate the gross margin for fiscal Q4. It has a slight improvement sequentially. I would say, potentially we can do better than what we provide the guidance. And now, we need to go through the quarter, but I’m optimistic on…
Gianluca Romano: And we discussed last time of Goodwin [ph] is an important customer. And now relative to vaccine, it will add also during the June quarter. So, we expect a good result also in the June quarter.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. We said two things, at-least 10% and we also said that we expect revenue to be maybe more stable throughout the quarter. So, we don’t expect relative seasonality. And I think that is important when you model your quarters off.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. Inside the mass capacity segment, VIA is probably the only one that is seasonal. So, it was not expected. We knew that into the March quarter, we were going to have a decline. As I said before, June quarter will have to be a much stronger quarter for the year and we continue to increase in the September and December. And December is a stronger quarter for the year.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. I think, that’s an important. We see strong cloud and enterprise OEM, but we also need to consider a sequential improvement in surveillance and the VIA market in general that is increasing in volume and in revenue through the calendar year.
Gianluca Romano: Well, in the remarks, we said 10% year-over-year. Of course, the surveillance comment is sequential. If you’re looking at the second half of the calendar year compared to the first half or you’re just comparing year-over-year.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. So, OpEx year-on-year was about $10 million lower. Sequentially, it was a bit higher. The increase sequentially was basically due to variable compensation and a little bit higher in R&D material spending. We said a couple of quarters ago that we have set our normal trend to be around $340 million per quarter. So, we are very well aligned to the expectations, and we think that probably will have a lot of revenues the next couple of quarters.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. Of course, we don’t guide the individual quarter. I think, it’s fairly easy to -- for you to calculate that, at least 10% we are going to pay. How much more than 10%, which has at least 10% for the calendar year. And then, we will discuss that following quarter -- we have said driving to be very strong in the calendar year. So, I guess please wait for two more months and get more details on -- quarters. 
