Dave Mosley: Thanks, Gianluca. Seagate continues to demonstrate resilience in the most dynamic of times. We are executing on what is within our control, generating positive free cash flow and advancing our product road map. As I indicated earlier, we expect mass capacity market conditions to gradually improve as we progress through the calendar year, which supports stronger revenue and profitability in the back half of 2023. Longer term, we remain excited by the secular trends driving demand for mass capacity storage, and Seagate unique capabilities to capture these future growth opportunities. We are leveraging our aerial density leadership to increase capacity per disk, which we believe enables the most cost-efficient product solutions for mass capacity storage.  We will begin shipping products based on 3-plus terabyte per disk capacities in the coming months, which is up to 35% more than comparable drive capacities available today. Amid a challenging macro and industry backdrop, I'm incredibly proud of the partnerships and hard work from our suppliers, customers and our employees. Earlier this week, we published our fourth annual diversity, equity and inclusion report, which highlights how Seagate aims to build and support its global team. The principles outlined in this report are foundational to Seagate's technology innovations and long-term success. I encourage you to read the report in full on our website. I will conclude by thanking our shareholders for your ongoing support. Our objective remains taking the decisive steps to best position Seagate for long-term value creation.  Gianluca and I will now take your questions.
Dave Mosley: Yes. Thanks, Tom. So it's a fairly tricky math, I think, is coming off of the back of last summer, where things we're going down, we actually turned off our factories and particularly biased ourselves against the older generation programs, and we're really more biased towards the higher capacity points of the 20 terabytes and so on, right? So there is -- I won't talk about units, but we'll talk about exabytes. We think that there's going to be some exabyte growth and that will flow through into revenue. It's still a fairly low time right now, historically, of course, but we are seeing traction, and we are having discussions with customers about what exactly they need. I think the way I think about the CSPs is there's very different business models across the CSPs. And even within each CSP, there's different application spaces and workloads and therefore, inventory, I'd say it that way. So it's fairly tricky. But what we really want to do is make sure that we're not building too much of the old products and really biasing towards the new products. I think to the extent that we have good visibility into the stuff that the CSPs are actually building through then that's what gives us the confidence towards a recovery in the second half of the calendar year.
Dave Mosley: Okay, thanks. I think I understood, and we'll go forward here. The underutilization charges are the ones that are hurting us the most, I'll say, relative to turning of our factories and things like that. From my perspective, we're going to -- we took down the factories intentionally to make sure that didn’t build too much of the old stuff. So it's a 16 terabytes or 18 terabytes that where people are still consuming and then we're focused more on 20s and 22s and 24s and 30s and so on and so forth, like we talked about in the script. And that fills back up the factory. So I think that's the answer. You get more exabytes out and it's a better financial return as well. I think that answers your question.
Dave Mosley: Yes. I won't speculate on that right now other than I'll say that we're now in a position on HAMR that, that's exactly the problem we're working. No longer is it a question of whether or not the technology is viable, the parts that are out of the oven. And from our perspective, this is what we do really well as well, which has ramped high-volume production. We've got everybody and the team is focused on it, and we'll get there as fast as we possibly can.
Dave Mosley: Yes. Thanks, Erik. I would say that the onus is really on us. It's a control of ours to make sure that we can drive the transition exactly to Hadi's question about get the yields up and get the production capability to where we want it. I like to think that somebody making a decision to build out a data center would much rather have a drive with 3x terabytes instead of 2x terabytes. And because that's such a great TCO proposition for them over the long haul. We have deep customer relationships, obviously, on this front. This is not a surprise to them. The results that we're showing in our labs are not a surprise either. So they're very well connected with us on it.  Where their spending profile might be muted, say, in the first half of this year because of all the issues that CSPs are going through, and they've shared some of those with us and they're the tough problems themselves. I do think that the secular demand for mass capacity in those data centers is still going to be huge. And we want to make sure that we're staging the absolute best value proposition for us and for them when we get there. So it's really ours to go drive.
Dave Mosley: Yes. Thanks, Eric. I'll pass it over to Gianluca in a second, but it really does come down to yields and scrap. I mean, we're going to be targeting most of this at the highest capacity points, although there are opportunities in lower capacity points if we can take disks and heads out of already existing platforms in the 20s or teens, then we'll go do it. And we have to go work that through qualifications with our customers. That's how we get margin oxygen, if you will, back into the system. And so yields, scrap, our ability to go through the cycles inside of our factory, that those are the relevant parameters.
Dave Mosley: Yes, I think the data coming out of -- just to pile on a little bit. The data coming out of the labs is really good, really encouraging. And to stave off some other comments or something that I would say that there's -- while there's added features in a HAMR drive versus a garden-variety PMR drive. Even PMR drives are fairly complicated themselves, there's no tectonic shift that causes major cost resets or things like that. There's things we have to go work, and that's what we do really well. We've worked these kinds of things over time to make sure we can stage other technology transitions, and we're all over this. We've been planning this for a long time.
Dave Mosley: It's a really interesting question, Karl. Let me try it this way. Usually, when supply is behind demand considerably, then you're having LTA discussions. But I think in the case of this, obviously, our suppliers have got challenges, we've got challenges. Even our customers have challenges. So I think it's really an entire supply chain that needs to co-plan together. And we've -- demand is low right now. There's plenty of supply. But I think we're all very mindful of cash and mindful of the financial outcomes that we want. Indeed, we are having LTA discussions still. The levels of the LTAs may not be reminiscent of what they were when you had demand for above supply. But I think the predictability is what we need to keep our factories running, to keep our people employed, getting paid and actually keeping the reinvestment so that we're out there with the right products and the right costs in those right times. Specifically to your HAMR question, I would say the answer is no at this point, but I think we could get there soon where we say HAMR is -- this is the volume ramp of HAMR at this customer, and then that becomes part of the LTA, but we're not there yet.
Dave Mosley: Yes, thanks. I think there's a lot of confusion in the space on this, so let me try this. We've been shipping SMR since I think 2014, into the cloud. We also have shipped hundreds of millions of SMR drives on the client side. So SMR is a great technology add. If you can adopt it for very specific cloud applications, it can be quite complex. And so some places, people choose not to do it. Redeployment of drives, for example, from application to application becomes limited or there's a lot of inertia around it if you try to do that. So we have great SMR solutions. We've been working on this for years and years and years. If customers ask and if their applications desire, then we'll go there for them.  And so I really look at this as a customer by customer, sometimes application by application, specific ask for, say, a business unit or something like that, and we just react to it. And that's I don't think there's any big shift towards more SMR out of the Seagate portfolio. I think there are customers who, over time, are adopting more SMR, so that may be part of the reason for the trend that you talked about. But it's not something that's, I'll say, deliberately being pushed on our front. We look at it more as let’s just solve the problem for the customer.
Dave Mosley: Yes. Hi, Aaron, I think there's a couple of different answers to that question. Obviously, from an equipment perspective, all the equipment is still there. As a matter of fact, as we go through transitions to say, 2.2 terabyte per disk or 2.4 terawatt per disk to a 3 terabyte per disk, we get a lot more efficient out of our parts that we have accessible to us and out of that same equipment, some penalties with process content. But generally speaking, our capacity footprint goes up. In the current -- to directly answer your question in the current state, we did have to scale back in our factories, and that will take just a little bit of time, not a lot of time to scale back up because that's about people. It's been a tremendously painful time for our people, for the people in the supply chain for the people and the customers for that matter. So I would say that our theoretical capacity is still as high as it is, but we can't react on a dime to go get there. We need to plan for it. And once upon a time, we did 165 exabytes. We could get back there fairly with all the technology transitions, we can also go beyond.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Sidney. Appreciate all the positive momentum that's going on. It really -- there's a lot of people inside of our company and outside of our company that deserve accolades here making this technology work believed in it for the last 20 years and so on. And I think it's great that the world is going to be able to double nasty points and things like that over time. I've got a lot of confidence based on where we sit right now. We're not talking about exactly what the schedule is going to be, but we're going to be as aggressive as we possibly can. Specifically to your question, yes, I think the first drives will probably go out into a couple of different channels, some we can control like we've talked about maybe using our systems business in the prepared remarks. And then some big customers are -- want to be early adopters so that they understand the technology and what to take. It's I would say at the highest capacity point, the integration always the trickiest because these are things that the world has never seen before. To the extent we can turn around and make cheaper capacity points that are midrange like 20 or 16 or whatever they happen to be because we have fewer heads and disks in them. That's a great answer for us as well, and we'll get working on that. So I don't think the once we get out the heads and disks, I think we'll be able to find homes for them, and we're going to be very, very aggressive on the ramp over the next few years.
Dave Mosley: Yes, I do think the way to control the long-term outcome, the best is to cut your production and make sure you're not pushing out too much of the wrong stuff. I'm encouraged to see the way that the industry is actually behaving on that front. I don't -- to your point, I don't look at things like market share and any individual deals as long-term trends at this point in time. I think it's more just what discipline does the industry have. And I do think that over the long haul, especially for Seagate, I can speak, having the ability to go add a better value proposition, lower our costs and so on and so forth. I think we use that to think about how do we get back into our margin range or beyond.
Dave Mosley: Yes. I think we said that we -- from our vantage point, the inventories at hyperscalers generally went down or the right directions, and we were encouraged by it. I mean, obviously, we'd like to see it faster because we'd like to ramp our factories back up quicker. I think it would help us. And then, of course, our owned inventory, what we were able to do by not putting anything out, especially the legacy capacity points, I'll say, in the nearline space, we're not putting anything else out into the market that's encouraging as well. I think from a distribution weeks on hand, it's high, but not super high historically. And you all know that depending on how you're measuring it 4 weeks or 13 weeks, it could be it's really based on a baseline. And I think that, that baseline now has become this macroeconomic reality. I do think that as we started to see some kind of macroeconomic recovery in certain geos, Europe, Asia and so on. The absolute value of the inventory is not super high. And so it's not a whole lot of weeks on hand. And I think there, again, we could react to that. So I'm not super worried about the inventory there. 
Dave Mosley: Yes. We haven't really talked about it. I think this year, it will probably still be relatively low. And then the faster we can get the yields in scrap and all the costs that we can control down on the heads and media then the faster will be accelerating. I think that will happen in calendar year '24 and calendar year '25 will just continue to accelerate. The highest capacity points will be addressed, but also these midrange capacity points. And how successful we are with all that stuff we'll determine how broadly we can penetrate all those different individual market.
Dave Mosley: Yes. I think Ananda, we reacted, obviously, very early on some of this when we saw it. And I think we're going to be asking the same kinds of questions throughout the course of this year, what's the new trajectory, the new normal, if you can. When some of the normal demand cycle comes back, where is the world from an economics perspective and we'll address factory footprint and things like that when those times come.
Dave Mosley: Yes. It depends also, if you where you reset to. I think we've taken a big step down, of course, and then we could talk way back on the 30% growth. I don't -- I think it's a little too early to tell that. But we do think that by the fact that we're putting out 24 terabytes and 30 terabytes and so on and so forth, that's going to help the exabyte growth substantially. I think a couple of years ago, we were at 80-some percent from nearline drive. So that was reflective of not only high great value proposition from 1 capacity point to another, say, maybe 25% bump in capacity point, but also the fact that a lot of people are investing at the time. I do think that the demand side for data is still there. There's AI, machine learning, a lot of new applications coming. I think we're going through something that's fairly temporary where people are just getting their legs underneath them and then they'll figure out what their investment profiles are. And our job is to go put a better value proposition from an exabyte perspective out there in front of them to kind of incentivize that. So we do think the back half of this year gets better from an exabyte perspective. I don't -- maybe a little early to tell exactly what the number is.
Dave Mosley: At a macro level, no, I think everybody is seeing about the same demand environment. People are reacting fairly similarly, making sure they're preserving their cash, not building things that they're uncertainty of going out into the market. And so I think the industry has actually done a pretty good job of scaling way back over the last three, four, five months on our production capacity. It's very, very painful for ourselves and our suppliers, of course. But -- and our customers, I think I said this earlier, our customers understand that. But at a macro level, I don't see that. I don't see people building too much of the wrong stuff and trying to get into the market. There may be little pockets. But again, big picture, I don't think that's super relevant.
Dave Mosley: Yes, I'll start and I'll let Gianluca speak as well. I think the VIA market is changing quite a bit globally. There's a lot of applications A few years ago, we would have talked about surveillance. Now there's a lot of applications about consumer behaviour and inventory management. A lot of people are worried about inventory. And so -- the people are using all these new, say, smart edge applications in a very creative way. So globally, it's an exciting market. I think the drivers in China, in particular, over time that's been very muted for the last year, and we were kind of waiting for a recovery. And I think the recovery just hasn't come. I think it will recover, but it's going to be slow. And I think there's new opportunities around the world in various geos as well happening.
Dave Mosley: Yes. I think to find the long-term demand, we're still kind of assessing that. So I won't be -- I won't predict it just yet. But I will say that this management team's goal to get back in those models as fast as we possibly can. Obviously, demand is the fundamental driver to that. We've made operational improvements by cost reductions. And we've, unfortunately, had to cut some things that we're working on. So there is a reason to suggest that we have a little bit more oxygen than we had going into this thing. But I think fundamentally, it will still be the demand driver. And one of the reasons we're trying to transition products is as aggressively as we can is because we think we intercept that demand with a better value proposition that comes back to us faster, but we also go off and work our own internal operational metrics and then we get the best cost at the time, and that helps as well.
Dave Mosley: Yes. Thanks, Ashley. So it's underneath all of the demand for data growth that we see, I think this is 1 of the big trends that we're watching because it affects not only what's going on in the cloud, but it also affects what's happening at the edge. And so that -- I do think that over the long haul, we're very bullish on this. If you think about it, early days of AI or training models and things like that, that needed access to big data sets. But I think as time goes on, big data sets have to be very real time to make decisions that are relevant in the moment. And sometimes they need to be kept at the edge because you have a lot of video data, for example, at the edge to make good decisions on consumer behaviour or inventory, like I talked about before, all these new applications that are coming. So our customers are quite excited about it. The good news, and I've been saying this for the last couple of years is that I see a lot of innovation that's happening on that front because of the unsure footing that a lot of people have in the macro condition, people aren't really leaning into it, but I really look forward to the days that they are and these applications come online because I think it's going to contribute a lot to the data growth.
Dave Mosley: Tristan, I think that back in the day that the legacy markets obviously went through some transitions because of this. There may be some happening in the consumer markets, that's relatively small. The impact is relatively small. We still have a pretty good value proposition in the consumer markets as well. In the mass capacity markets not really. I mean I think the people running big mass capacity rigs either they understand both technologies and they use both technologies. They're not really making a trade-off of one versus the other. I think NAND, we can all see that the business is tough over there. I think everybody is in tough shape and I feel for some of those guys because the world needs their technology, I think we need their technology as well to make sure that they do their part and the layers they're relevant in, but I don't think it affects mass capacity long term.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Cole. As you heard today, Seagate is acting with speed and agility to manage through a tough near-term market environment. At the same time, we're executing our strong mass capacity product road map that makes us well positioned to enhance customers' value and Seagate's financial performance. I'd just like to close by thanking all of our stakeholders for their ongoing support, and thanks for joining us today.
Gianluca Romano: Thank you, Tom. Yes, the March quarter is a bit complicated from a cost standpoint because we are starting the quarter with a fairly low level of production, so we will generate underutilization cost for the month of January and maybe also a little bit of February. After that, we will start ramping production. That is a good news. But for who is familiar with manufacturing, they know that ramping production has some inefficiencies. Now you need to restart the line, you need to recover those equipment, you have some additional scrap, lower yield. So for the first few weeks of a reramp has some costs associated. So when we put the two costs together, right now, we are assuming to come out fairly similar in terms of additional onetime cost of what we had in December. This improvement of the gross margin, of course, is coming from the VIA revenue and a little bit better level of production.
Gianluca Romano: Yes, HAMR is a new product. So we need to go through a little bit of the learning curve, something different from what we have done in the last several years. But as Dave said, Seagate is very good in the operation, in manufacturing. And therefore, we are very confident now we can have very good results, results that at a certain point will be similar to the PMR, but exactly when it's a bit difficult to say right now. So we are going step by step. But we are actually growing faster than what we were expecting. And as Dave said, we are ready for launching the product in the June quarter, but is a little bit before what we were discussing just three months ago.
Gianluca Romano: We will have to go through the call. And then after the call, we start discussing about volumes with customers and eventually doing LTAs. 
Gianluca Romano: Yes, I would say on a quarterly basis, the percentage change based on the mix of our customers. So depending in which quarter, one customer can be a bit higher than another one, we can have a little bit more SMR or less. But for us, as Dave said, we have both is actually a fairly easy way for us to convert the PMR into an SMR. So just a matter of where the demand is in the specific quarter.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. We realized a big part of that saving already starting in the December quarter, as we were discussing beginning of November. The majority of our restructuring actually happened at the beginning of November. So we had basically two full months out of the three where we could take the benefit of the cost reduction. And now in OpEx, there are always few other items that impact the cost of the quarter. In the script, I said we expect this quarter and even next quarter to still be around the $300 million.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. That is related through our reduction in production. Of course, we had some commitment with some of our suppliers that, of course, we want to comply with. So on those cases, we had to stay for take-or-pay products that we didn't need, and we decided not to take based on our focus on reducing our own inventory on top of reducing customer inventory. I think we have taken all those liabilities into the December quarter. So I don't expect at this point this those liabilities to come back in the March quarter.
Gianluca Romano: Yes, we are generating still a fairly strong free cash flow. In the December quarter, we generated $170 million, I think this quarter will be higher than that. We have note that will mature at the beginning of June that we want to repay and we will not refinance, that is about $540 million. So we will use our cash. We have actions going on to optimize our cash between now and June. But I would say, right now, our focus is actually on reducing the debt and reducing the full amount of those notes.
Gianluca Romano: Well, I would say, for sure, the majority of the gross margin decline is coming from the underutilization charges, so the lower level of production that we have. Last quarter, we were discussing it a bit about some price pressure in the low-capacity drive. But we have seen a little bit in the quarter of December. But in general, especially considering that we see a fairly strong down cycle. We are -- in terms of pricing stability, we see this as a positive. And we expect as soon as we are back into the same level of production and same level of revenue we had a year ago, we think our gross margin will be at the same level or even better.
Gianluca Romano: But we are staring to discuss about the next fiscal year, but I would say part of the lower OpEx is coming from variable compensation that is very low in the current fiscal year. So you will have to think about adding some cost for variable compensation in the fiscal '24.
Gianluca Romano: In the very short term, we see possibly a decline in the March quarter, mainly because of seasonality. March is always the quarter where we have the lower revenue from VIA and from some of the legacy markets also. So not a lot of increase in the short term. But in our view, the rest of the calendar year, we should see sequential improvement. And VIA is an important segment for us. And in a segment that is also generally generating a very good gross margin.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. In the December quarter, our working capital was positive by about $50 million. We decreased our inventory by a lot, but we also paid a lot to our suppliers. So I think that is part of the positive working capital that will actually impact the March quarter. And after that, probably is fairly stable for at least a couple of quarters.
