William David Mosley: Thanks, Kate. As many other IT companies have noted in their recent earnings reports, we are exercising caution in our immediate forecast due to political, regulatory, and foreign exchange uncertainty around certain areas of the world. As in the past, we believe these perturbations to be temporary, and we will still see fairly healthy exabyte demand in most markets in the December quarter. As I outlined earlier, we anticipate nearline HDD demand will decline sequentially from Q1 due to immediate drops in demand with most of the cloud service providers and given some uncertainty in the China enterprise marketplace. Previously, we were not forecasting these dynamics to occur in Q2, and we are adjusting our build plans accordingly. We anticipate edge market demand to be mostly consistent with higher seasonal demand for consumer products and lower seasonal volume for gaming consoles. Our non-HDD revenues are forecast to be relatively flat quarter-to-quarter for systems, and our SSD revenues will be up double digits, sequentially. We expect total revenues in the December quarter to be in the range of $2.7 billion to $2.75 billion. As always, we will consider intra-quarter upside opportunities that make sense for our long-term portfolio profitability. We expect gross margins for the December quarter to be at the low end of our 29% to 33% long-term range, primarily reflecting the lower demand for nearline HDDs. Operating expenses will be relatively flat, sequentially, and we are actively implementing incremental expense controls. We are committed to controlling operating expenses within our long-term financial model range of 13% to 15%, even in this challenging environment. Capital expenditures will remain at approximately 6% of revenue to support product transitions that we have planned for later in FY 2019 and beyond. For the fiscal year, we are forecasting capital expenditures to remain slightly below our long-term targeted range of 6% to 8% of revenue. In closing, it's been a while since we specifically addressed our capital allocation strategy with investors, and I wanted to highlight a few of the key elements of our framework. Seagate has demonstrated a commitment to deliver long-term value for shareholders, and we remain committed to a capital allocation framework that maximizes returns. We are confident in our ability to generate significant cash flow over the next several years. And as we leverage our mass storage portfolio for existing and new market opportunities, as announced today, in addition to approving the quarterly dividend, Seagate's Board of Directors has approved a new share redemption authorization that will enable us to redeem up to $3 billion of ordinary shares. The increase in authorization reflects the confidence of the board and the executive team in Seagate's ability to generate cash while still investing in innovation and growth opportunities. Seagate has consistently returned over 50% of free cash flow to shareholders through our quarterly cash dividend and share redemptions, and we remain committed to doing so over the long term. I strongly believe our deep storage industry expertise, leading technology portfolio, and focused execution will continue to drive long-term success for the company and deliver value for our shareholders I'd like to thank of our customers, suppliers, business partners, and employees for their alignment and contributions to our strong fiscal first quarter results. These efforts have Seagate well positioned for future success and value creation in FY 2019 and beyond. The September quarter has put us on a stable trajectory for FY 2019, and we will maximize our efforts to operate efficiently through the fiscal year. Liz, now I'd like to open up the call for questions.
William David Mosley: Karl, that's a good question. There are long lead times of internal components, of course, and even some of the external components we have to procure. So relative to interlocks with the customers, I think those generally go pretty well. This recent demand fallout happened fairly systemically, many, many different accounts we talk about. And basically – quickly, it wasn't something that we'd ever seen as quickly before. So in these typical digestion phases, I think this one was fairly pronounced. I think long term the growth in the cloud is still there, still very strong, and qualification cycles will come back really strong at the next capacity points as those higher and higher capacity points offer better TCO propositions for them. But the ability to forecast the tactical reductions and things like that is still not where we want it to be. Are there other things that we can be doing longer term? I think so. Our portfolio is fairly complex, and I talked about that a little bit in my comments. And so I think simplifying the portfolio a little bit will allow us a little bit more flexibility. We just got caught in the middle of these product transitions, and that wasn't an option this time. But I think we'll make progress on that next time.
William David Mosley: I think they talk about efficiency all the time. I think some of those techniques that they're using have diminishing returns. I do think that the buying pattern was so strong that there was probably a little bit of overbuying, and so you'll have to wait at certain accounts for them to blow through that inventory. The root of the problem, as I talked about the last problem that we had in the last digestion phase, if you will, that largely came because there were a lot of changes in component pricing quickly, and the changes in component pricing really put some of the builders upside-down. I think this one is a little bit different, but it does have to do with supply chains being a little broken right now for many components. And I think we're going to get through it fairly quickly as well. I don't think it's so much about those efficiency gains right now, Joe. That's my read from today. And I do think that there are some elements of hard drive availability at 12 terabytes. They know 16 terabytes are coming. They see the TCO proposition of those new capacity points and things like that that may actually delay through these periods as well. So we factor all these things in. To your point exactly on how big is this one relative to the last one, so our baseline that we believe we're hitting as an industry is higher than the last digestion phase, and that one was higher than the previous digestion phase. But then the run-up that we have to prepare for is very profound, and you've seen that in our financials as we come out of those digestion phases and go back into growth phases. So as far as predictability, I wish we could be better at it. But I think there are a lot of economic factors and other things that are playing in. We're just going to do the smart thing through this digestion phase and get on to the – and be prepared for the growth when it comes.
William David Mosley: Yeah, Ananda, so I think that the push-out of some of the transitions and the fact that they will be a little bit more muted through these periods will affect the exabyte shipments. We saw very strong exabyte shipments, for example, in Q4. And then, going into Q1, the cloud actually started. At the very end of Q1 this started. So like I told Katy, I don't think we'll necessarily be done with that by Q3. Now, other segments are growing. So the edge segments continue to move up from 4 terabytes to 6 terabytes to 8 terabytes. We see good impact there. So I think net-net is some of the cloud demand impacts will be offset in exabyte growth by other segments. But I think we're just going to have to watch it and adjust our builds accordingly through those periods.
William David Mosley: I would say we're taking the opportunity – because of this softness in demand, we're taking the opportunity to make sure that everything we're doing near term that we're going to get rewarded for in the longer term. Obviously, some of these decisions we're making are out over the next year or two years. But against that different demand environment and where the product qualifications will change relative to the demand environment, I think we have opportunity to go save some money, and we'll go do so and make sure we don't spend too much money into those things. I think, from my perspective, this is normal course. Had we seen the demand stay high, we might have continued to invest into those and make sure we get all of those qualifications done because you get rewarded for it in that higher signal and you can get through the product transitions, which helps your costs and so on. I think it's better to hunk down on some of the swim lanes. There's other swim lanes that are doing fine through these periods, but it's better to hunker down and save the money now and make sure that you can flow that to the bottom line.
William David Mosley: Steven, that's actually a very interesting question. Process content continues to go up in heads, and we continue to ship more heads per drive. Even though the demand may be down a little bit, the demand for heads is still staying fairly consistent. And we really want our factories to be full. We want to use the highest process content that we can. So from a heads perspective, we anticipate full factories. And we're really happy with the way we've managed our footprint. Media, I think we have a lot more flexibility. And then final drive inventory, we'll watch it very carefully because we're watching cash through the period as well.
William David Mosley: So I think I had expressed some confidence in – when things were strong a couple quarters ago, Aaron, that the reason it was strong for us is because we were diversified. I think the general demand reductions have come across a diverse set of customers. It's not just at one account or two accounts. And that's global as well. I don't really want to quantify it at this point. But you can see it in the revenue projections right now and how impactful it is to us. I would say that as far as visibility, I think this is the question that Karl or Joe asked earlier as well. My sense is that there's not a whole lot of visibility to this early. So some people have claimed that they saw this coming three months ago or four months ago. I don't see it as much. And in talking to the customers. I don't believe that they did as well. They saw signals and then they backed off of some of their plans. We stay tight with them, and we trust that those conversations are pretty good over the long haul that ultimately this demand is going to come back. And like I said before, they'll be back probably looking for the higher capacity drives because those are a better value proposition in their data centers. If you think about it, if you're going to make an investment in data centers, you want to use the highest capacities you can and put those – plug those drives in for five years. That's the best TCO proposition you can find. So they have to manage those transitions as well. And I think, as we all take a little pause here, then we're going to look to align that way and get ready for the next plug.
William David Mosley: So I had said before that – I had commented that we were going to be pretty aggressive. Obviously, the market dynamics have changed a little bit. We don't have a take-or-pay, right now. That's not a good way to think about it. So especially because we see a lot of – we see too much inventory in certain channels, remember, we're exposed largely to enterprise SSDs, not consumer-grade and things like that. But we'd still see too much inventory in some channels. We won't bring on as much NAND in order to build our products to compound that problem. We'll be patient through that period of time. So that affects our revenue projections a little bit. But the customer qualifications, the customers who like who products, they'll continue to pull, and I think we'll get back on our horse. We have access to ample NAND to grow to the levels that we had talked about before, which is doubling revenue every quarter – sorry, every year for the foreseeable future. So I'm not worried about supply from that perspective. I'm more worried about the industry dynamics.
William David Mosley: As far as margin goes, I think it will be probably a little dilutive to Seagate gross margins till we get it running properly, but it's very – it's cash that we really like, and it's a very good flexible model. So we're happy with it.
William David Mosley: Okay. Thanks, everyone. I want to once again thank all of our employees and customers, suppliers, and business partners for all of their contributions in the first quarter. And we'll talk to you next quarter. Thanks.
