Dave Mosley: Thanks, Gianluca. I’m proud of the perseverance and agility as we continue to proactively respond to the market environment we have faced over this past year. Entering fiscal 2024, we are leaner. Our balance sheet is healthier and our product roadmap is stronger. All of these factors enhance our ability to weather near-term market conditions, deliver financial leverage and position the company to capture attractive long-term opportunities for mass capacity storage. As we conclude our prepared remarks, I would like to thank our employees, suppliers, customers, and shareholders once again for their support. Thanks for joining us and let’s open up the call for questions.
Dave Mosley: Yes. Thanks, Eddy. So we aren’t guiding for December. I think we expect at this point to hold the line on overbuilding and so that’s one of the reasons we’re being very cautious, but there will be some – there’s an indication of some natural flow through at the cloud service providers, for example. So we expect it to slowly start trending back up from here. I don’t expect a big hockey stick rebound. I mean I could be wrong on that, but we do expect it to be – to slowly go back up because – mainly because we’re not pushing it a bunch of our own inventory. And relative to the dividend, we’re planning for all this in all of our plans right now, and I think we execute this plan, we should be just fine. And we want to continue to be the person for all of our stakeholders that we’ve always been before. We’ve got a laser focus on that right now.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Wamsi. Yes, it is complicated, because there’s a number of different markets in play here. So for example, a distribution channel or some of the classic markets we have consumer client server. You just don’t move things very quickly, but some places it’s relatively easier to raise prices and have that flow through into the system. On mass capacity drives, generally speaking, we do the price increases through transitions of products. So we’ll say this is the changing economics. We need to make sure that we get paid for that. So as we go through the next product generation, there’s still a TCO benefit to the end customer to drive through that product transition. But the economics have to change largely. So we can go back and pay our suppliers and keep everybody healthy. There’s been such a profound downturn in demand that we have to make sure that the entire supply chain is treated properly. But exactly what you said, different markets are behaving very differently and accept things very differently. And this is the direction we’re pushing at this point.
Dave Mosley: Yes. Thanks, Tim. So, yes, you are right. It’s a weak demand environment. But I think also there’s, generally speaking, the whole industry is underwater. So I mean, we have to make sure we protect ourselves, we protect the supply base as we talked about earlier. And it’s different in different products across the market obviously – the different markets obviously. How is being accepted? There’s – you can imagine the entire monopoly of different responses. Some people are worried about supply longer term. They do believe that supply will be short and demand will come back. And so – and especially with the long, long lead times that there are on mass capacity products right now, I think it’s something that people are very much in tune with. And so it’s forcing good discussions. There’s other people for various reasons that need to make tactical procurement decisions and they’ll take whatever deals are out in front of them. And I get that. I mean, that happens from time to time in the business. That’s one of the big reasons why we don’t want to overbuild, we want to make sure, we hold as much as we possibly can. And as we continue to play this forward, I think we’ll see and adjust accordingly to make sure that we defend our products. I think the optimism for us is that we can actually go through the product transitions, get to the higher capacity points, provide a better TCO proposition, get components out of the supply chains and so on. And then, we didn’t dilute or extend the problem any by overbuilding or dilute the problem by continuing to overbuild and then lowering price. And that’s what we have to hold onto.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Erik. Yes, and I think I mentioned in one of the earlier comments that it’ll be slight capacity growth, but the way I read through most of the results that have already – are already coming through in the cloud, and in most of my conversations as well, I think it’s fairly consistent that there’s priorities being put on data center infrastructure, new data center build out, power infrastructure that was already kind of – it was – things were biased that way instead of mass capacity stores, the mass capacity being something that would come later. And we all know about the great new capabilities that there are in some of the compute technologies and how those new technologies are being applied in new applications. So that’s AI and that’s a high priority for cloud service providers and people doing stuff on-prem as well. We think data follows behind that. Predicting it is going to be really tough, but we do think that that’s going to be a bow wave at some point. There’ll be competition for the data that actually feeds the AI engines, if you will, right? Right now there’s a big battle to get the AI engines up and running and show those applications as being meaningful. And I think that’s an interesting space to watch. Behind it there’s going to be a lot of data that actually has to feed those AI engines every day, every day, every day. And we think that’s mass capacity infrastructure net positive.
Dave Mosley: Yes. Tom, there’s no real change. We’ve been talking about it, I think for about a year. We said we can get PMR into the mid-20s. And the product that we have now, let me – I’ll talk about it very quickly here. We believe that with SMR variants, it can get in the high-20s, the product is in the mid-20s, but it is highly, highly leveraged. It’s almost identical electronics and mechanics that takes us to HAMR. So it’s almost the same product, you swap out the heads and discs for HAMR and a couple other component changes that have to happen. So we’re going to get a lot of leverage from that. That platform has been planned for a long, long time. We called it a 10 disc platform in the prepared remarks. So I have a lot of confidence that we can solution PMR anywhere the customer wants to stay there in the mid-20s or we can go to HAMR variants with the same bag of parts or very, very similar bag of parts. I do think that there’s a lot of confusion out in the market. I’ll say that this way about what capacity point is it? 24, 25, 26, but there’s customers who need all kinds of different variants and I think that we confuse people frankly by kind of amalgamating all these things. All I will say is that I think those products that we have are very, very competitive in the market. Right now the issue is, if I had it, I’m not going to try to force it into the market, into a space that people don’t need the product simply because it poisons the well for that product, maybe two quarters out or three quarters out for when people do need it. And it would erode the value proposition for the HAMR products when they come. So we’ve got to run the business the way we are right now.
Dave Mosley: Yes. We don’t need to get back to the full capacity in order to get back into our margin model because we’ve taken so many cost actions across the business. I think we’ve been very, very aggressive on that, knowing that our footprint had to change. I think we’ll be able to scale much better from a margin perspective as some of the demand comes back.
Dave Mosley: Yes, thanks. I don’t think of things that way that people in data centers are not making decisions like you would make for example, if you’re building your own PC, this or that or this combination. Instead, they know how to manage data across multiple tiers and geographies very, very well. And make sure that the right data gets the right place at the right time. There are some gen AI discussions that are very transactional and probably don’t need a whole lot of HDD and then there’s a lot that are very video-intensive and want data to be sequestered in a certain tank and so that nothing else can touch it. And we believe that’s going to be that normal tier that you see today. So, I think it’s a win-win for memory and storage long-term. Obviously, it’s win for compute. And I think as some of these new applications are lit up, I’m really excited to see it. We haven’t seen it yet. I mean, unless you start to look back at some traditional cloud service provider capabilities and say that all along that was AI. But I do think there’s a whole host of new tools coming. It will be a very competitive space. And the data tiering infrastructure will become a critical part of that as we go forward.
Dave Mosley: Yes, thanks, Karl. So the – we are not overbuilding, especially the high capacity drives are trying to push out into some of the cloud service providers. We’re waiting until the inventory actually goes down. And so I think that’s why, and I made reference to this earlier, that’s why some of the metrics may look weird, like you just pointed out on capacity per drive diving down. I don’t think that’s a long-term trend either. I think of course that’s going to go back up.
Dave Mosley: Good. There are hundreds of, sorry, hundreds of millions of cloud drives, if you will, in data centers around the world. And some of them are aging to your point. And if unit shipments go down, its exabytes can still go up even though unit shipments are going down because the ones that are aging off are lower capacity points, say fours, eights, 12 terabytes, whatever. But over time it’s much more efficient, actually it’s more efficient power-wise and for all a lot of other features system level features to put the newer drives on. So it’s about all these things in balance. And I do believe that unit shipments are down largely because of this inventory digestion that we’ve been talking about. That will turn, again, will it go back to the peak of where it was five or six quarters ago and how fast will it go back? These are tough questions for our customers right now. It comes down to their prioritization of their spend. But all indications are in the latest numbers. And if I think about these latest numbers that the cloud service providers are announcing versus where they were six months to nine months ago, there’s a very positive trend. And I think to the questions about GenAI and other feature sets, we’re not at peak cloud yet. So I do think it’ll come back fairly strongly from a unit’s perspective when it does.
Dave Mosley: I think, the relative – I can answer to China question first and then Gianluca can take the cost discussion. China is down quite a bit, but relatively as part of our portfolio, it’s about the same relative numbers that it was – even when it was the peak of the – of our portfolio. So, I wouldn’t overly analyze China versus CSPs versus consumer spending and all these other things that have affected our revenue downturn. I think it’s a fairly consistent number across the entire portfolio. And we’re looking for demand upswings in every one of those sections as well as we go forward. But we’re also managing the business really carefully because we don’t think it’s going to come back in the next six months like we said in our prepared remarks.
Dave Mosley: Right. I like our chances in the cost per terabyte arena going forward. And I think as we continue to work yields and scrap on these new products and so on, have the highest capacity points out there, have the ability to take that aerial density to lower capacity points as well, it helps our cost per terabyte immensely.
Dave Mosley: Yes. Mehdi, I think we can hold the line on where we are right now and get a lot of scale. I mean we’ve been through the product transition far enough on the PMR product and HAMR product that we can – we’re pretty much done with the development phases, all the experimentation and so on and so forth. So I don’t think we need to grow OpEx until we build back quite a bit of revenue and so we’ll get very efficient scale there. I appreciate the question.
Dave Mosley: It was always in the plan. Yes. I think, Mark, we’ve kind of been focused on 16, 20, 24 and bringing on the technology that way. We believe we have great heads of media on PMR. It’s getting towards the top end of the curve, right? So it’s harder and harder to squeeze things up. And we’ve worked really hard to make sure that the drive that was taking us there would also take us to HAMR. So we’re leveraging as much as we possibly can and then only changing the aerial density critical components that get us the area of that to get us into the 30s and building much more confidence on that new S-curve actually as time goes on. So I’m convinced there’s going to be 40 terabyte drives in the world, not too distant future. And we’ve talked about the capabilities of these things in the lab. We’re ready to go 5 terabytes per disk. So teams incrementally more positive every time. So that’s good. The teams are making progress.
Dave Mosley: Well, we’re always working new readers designs that are applicable to go to 30 terabyte and 40 terabyte drives as well. It’s not only about the write [ph] technology, if you will. There’s – because PMR is implying the write technology. That’s right with the write, you know that. So it’s not a HAMR just versus PMR. There’s other technology things that are being worked. Technology vectors are being worked. But mid-20s is CMR, high 20s has been SMR, and there’s many different kinds of SMR variants for different customers. So I think you have to be a little bit careful with picking individual capacity points. And by the way, HAMR can use SMR as well on top of it. So when we get into the 30s, there might be that same kind of spread of capacity points because of how people are choosing to deploy HAMR in their data centers.
Dave Mosley: Yes. I do think that as we – and this is a delicate balance between the capacity we’ll still have to make drives, the lead times associated with those big drives and the economic returns that we’re going to be getting, so how many do we start now, how many parts do we start now to be able to answer that. But theoretically, with HAMR allowing us to jump quite a bit in exabytes per box, if the demand is strong enough, then the exabyte growth will be strong, very strong. So a lot of this first order driver is still demand, we’re going to answer that call with the components that we have. We’re very much leaning into the product transition on HAMR because we have that much confidence. I think the customer’s qualification is going well and the customer interest is high because they see such a market TCO proposition as well. And if all that stuff lines up into good box demand like somebody asked earlier, that means good exabyte growth. That’s what we’re all hoping for.
Dave Mosley: Right. It’s not an exact science. I would say we have evidence that it’s going down, not only that’s what people are telling us, our customers are telling us, but also we’re not putting any in. So definitely, the Seagate inventory is going down. We’re even managing our owned inventory down as well; I can’t speak for the rest of the industry. But all indications are that things are getting healthier and – but we don’t think that it’s going to be fixed overnight. We think it’s going to take another couple of quarters before the upturn. And that’s something that I’m very cognizant of. We didn’t project originally going into this downturn that this would be this long, but I don’t think it’s going to last forever either. I think it will turn north again here. We just basically said not until the end of the calendar year.
Dave Mosley: Thanks, Betsy [ph]. As you heard today, Seagate is continuing to take proactive actions to navigate this tough business environment over the near term. However, we remain excited as ever for the long-term opportunities for mass capacity storage, and it’s brought about by existing and emerging trends that are underpinned by data like AI, like we talked about today. Our leading technology road map positions us really well to address future demand and enhance value for both our customers and for Seagate’s financial performance. I’ll close by thanking all of our stakeholders for their ongoing support. Thanks for joining us today.
Gianluca Romano: Yes, on the cost side, Wamsi, and on the production, that is of course driving under-utilization. Now, we had a little bit higher production in the June quarter, mainly on the wafer side and little bit on the media, but I would say more on the wafer, we will no need to do that level of production right now. So general utilization charges that declined in the June quarter from almost $80 million to $40 million, it’s probably going up a little bit in September. We estimated about $70 million, but of course through the quarter, that could change a little bit.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. Let me add that just for clarity, when we say the mid-20s is in the CMR version, if you go to the SMR version of that drive, of course, we are in the mid to high-20s.
Gianluca Romano: Yes, Aaron, you were asking about the price per terabyte in particular in Q4. That is a result also of the mix. So we have a reduction in cloud. That, of course, is our higher capacity that usually has the lowest price per terabyte, but also the lowest cost per terabyte. And we have an increase in VIA. So mid-capacity drives with, again, higher price per terabyte and a little bit higher cost per terabyte. So there is a mix that is impacting, of course, when the volume is not very high. Just a few exabyte difference in the different segments can swing those price and cost per terabyte.
Gianluca Romano: In terms of capacity, Aaron, the 25%, I would not take the peak of where we were probably more than a year ago. We have done a lot of restructuring, a lot of adjustments. And as they said, we will need time to eventually rebuild that capacity also in terms of employees.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. The average capacity is down because of mix. So as I said before, in the June quarter, we shipped less to cloud and more to VIA, and of course the capacity is much higher in the cloud business.
Gianluca Romano: The cost per terabyte of course we don’t guide the full year. What I would say is in a down cycle it depends a lot from the level of utilization that you have in your factories, so can vary a lot from one quarter to another quarter. In general, no we are continuing to do our product road map. And as Dave said, we have a new PMR product coming out soon, higher capacity, that means lower cost per terabyte. And then we will have HAMR in just a couple of quarters, so all those new products will help us in reducing the cost per terabyte.
Gianluca Romano: Well, in general, no, we have generated good free cash flow through all our quarters. I said in the prepared remarks, September would be a little bit lower because we have to pay for the restructuring charges that we executed in end of June and during July.
Gianluca Romano: Yes. Better, yes, better point. On the OpEx maybe, I want to – I just clarify, we don’t have variable compensation right now in our numbers. So we could have a little bit of increase in the future if the business comes back stronger, just a little bit, not much.
