Beth Walters: Thank you very much. Welcome to our third quarter of 2014 earnings call. Joining me today are CEO, Mark Mondello; and our Chief Financial Officer, Forbes Alexander. This call is being recorded and will be posted for audio playback on the Jabil website, jabil.com, in the Investors section. Our third quarter press release, slides and corresponding webcast links are also available on our website. In these materials, you will find the financial information that we will cover during this conference call. We ask that you follow our presentation with the slides on the website, beginning with Slide 2, our forward-looking statement. During this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements, including those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business, our currently expected third quarter of fiscal 2014 net revenue and earnings results, the financial performance of the company and our long-term outlook for the company. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions, involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2013, on subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K and our other securities filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Today’s call will begin with opening remarks from Mark. We will then move on to the third fiscal quarter results and guidance on our fourth fiscal quarter of 2014 from Forbes Alexander. We will then open it up to questions from call attendees. I will now turn the call over to Mark.
Beth Walters: Great. Thanks Forbes and Mark. Before we begin the question-and-answer session, I’d like to remind our call participants that in customary fashion, we will not address any customer or product specific questions out of respect for our customers and their specific products. Thank you so much for your cooperation. Operator, we can begin the question-and-answer session.
Beth Walters: Okay, thank you very much. Thank you everyone for joining us on the call today. As always, we will be available for any follow-up questions you have during the rest of the evening and the rest of the week and thank you for joining us today.
Mark Mondello: Mark, I think based on my prepared comments, I just tell you that the color we have around the ramps today and it’s a multitude of ramps. I just – I’d leave it as we just feel comfortable that the ramps are going well and we are comfortable with the guidance provided.
Mark Mondello: No. What I think it means is that the business, the earnings are strong enough in ‘15 to where we are going to have $25 million to $30 million of planned OpEx, which will take earnings down. So, we will still be in the $1.65 to $1.95 range, but we are going to make $25 million to $30 million in investments for the future. That’s correct.
Mark Mondello: No, it’s not industrial clean tech, it’s just the overall product ramps we are going through heading into ‘15.
Mark Mondello: And Jim, one thing to help you maybe a little bit in your model is if I had to guess I guess that the earnings would have a shape to them similar to what we delivered in FY ’13 on a quarter-on-quarter basis.
Mark Mondello: Certainly, that’s what we are efforting towards. I think it’s too early to tell right now Jim, but yes, that’s what we are efforting for.
Mark Mondello: We will talk more about that in September. Right, but it’s hard to address that this far out but let’s have that conversation in our September call.
Mark Mondello: Wow, good question. Challenges are – I mean, challenges are comparable. None of this is easy. Better diversification and I say better diversification and maybe some tweaks to overall business terms from a ROIC perspective. Other than that, it’s similar.
Mark Mondello: Yes. I think it would be aggressive to think about this having a big impact in ‘15. If it did, it would be Q4ish timeframe. So, think about it for future investment.
Mark Mondello: Sherri, segment remains difficult, but I think what you are seeing in our results isn’t about the difficulty in the market, because the team is doing a great job. It’s about corporate allocation and the fact that we are slugging it through two tough quarters.
Forbes Alexander: Yes. Jim, it is Forbes, in terms of the restructuring, we are well down the path to execute on that front. And I ask everyone to follow the cash if you will rather than the GAAP bookings. So we formerly announced a closure of a site in the United States that will be closed in August, so we will see some really positive results of that in our first fiscal quarter. And then as I look through the back half it will be more linear as we take costs out of Western Europe. So we don’t want to get into the particular quarter-by-quarter or EPS guidance at this stage. And as Mark said in his prepared remarks we got a large number of program ramps as we are moving into ’15. So we don’t control when those products are launched in the marketplace, we will see how that pans out and we certainly feel very well positioned to deliver a strong ’15.
Forbes Alexander: Right. Amit, it’s Forbes I think it’s not that we don’t have visibility, I think it’s the offset is such that as we talked about a couple of quarters ago unfortunately the programs that we had geared up for this fiscal year didn’t come to fruition in terms of sell through. So it’s really that impact more than visibility.
Forbes Alexander: Yes. As we said today, we are methodically working our way through that at a pace of $65 million to $70 million a quarter. Yes, we see how that plays out as we move through the coming couple of months, yes.
