Beth Walters: Thank you very much. Welcome to our second quarter and fiscal year 2018 earnings call. Joining me today on the call are CEO, Mark Mondello; and our Chief Financial Officer, Forbes Alexander. This call is being recorded and will be posted for audio playback on the Jabil website, jabil.com, in the Investors section. Our second quarter press release, slides and corresponding webcast links are also available on our website. In these materials, you will find the financial information that we will cover during this conference call. We ask that you follow our presentation the slides on the website beginning with Slide 2, our forward-looking statements. During this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements, including those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business, our currently expected third quarter of fiscal 2018 net revenue and earnings results, the financial performance of the company and our long-term outlook for the company. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2017, on subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K and our other securities filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Today's call will begin with Mark with his comments on our results and outlook for the business in fiscal 2018. Forbes will follow with comments on our second fiscal quarter results and guidance for our third quarter of 2018. Following our prepared remarks, we will open it up to questions from call attendees. I'll now turn the call over to Mark.
Beth Walters: Thank you, Mark and Forbes. Before we begin the question-and-answer session, I'd like to remind our call participants that at the request of our customers, and as usual, we will not address any customer or product-specific questions. And we thank you in advance for your cooperation. Operator, we're ready to begin the Q&A session.
Beth Walters: Thank you very much for everyone for joining us today for our fiscal Q2 results. Please feel free to reach out to us with any follow-up questions that you may have. And now we'll let everyone get back to watch madness. Thank you.
Mark Mondello: Adam, well, first off, I think, on the EMS margins themselves, I still feel very good about where we'll end up in fiscal '18 for EMS margins. In terms of the investments we're making, it's widespread, but if I had to take a stab, areas like automotive, Industrial & Energy probably stand out in that group more than any other. But again, the EMS business in total serves, I don't know, 200-or-so customers. So it's spread pretty evenly across the mix. I would say that we made the investments, Adam, based on the fact that early on in the quarter there was good indications that the business was going to be quite strong. So some of this is nothing more than maybe investments we are looking at more towards the back half of the year that we accelerated.
Mark Mondello: Yes. So I love our capital allocation at the moment. I think it's very reflective of the strength of the cash flows of the business. We as a leadership team, and certainly, in conjunction with our board, talk about that often. I think about the last couple of years returning $1 billion to shareholders, making very, very thoughtful organic investments in then what largely has been a bunch of tuck-in acquisitions. And I think sometimes the tuck-in acquisitions we do get lost and because they're small. And we do, I don't know, half a dozen of those a year. But I think those tuck-in acquisitions over the last 18 months have been pretty vital in both the revenue growth as well as the margins in both divisions, but certainly the EMS segment. In terms of - we've been pretty muted on, well, the capital returns to shareholders extend beyond this fiscal year, we'll take that up. We recognize that. We'll take it up with our board in April and probably have more to say about that in the June call.
Mark Mondello: I think it's a great way to think about it. The May quarter, if you if you assume that we're having rationale participation in our Green Point business, widespread in Green Point, as well as mobility, for the last number of years, 3Q has always been a heavy investment quarter in that part of our business. It's still a heavy investment quarter. But if you think about our guide, you think about where we set you in terms of revenue levels, you think about EMS margins kind of on an annual basis being very similar to '17, I think you back into the fact that DMS in terms of absolute profit dollars will be much better and larger than they were in 3Q, 2017.
Mark Mondello: Yes. So for me, it's nothing that has me flustered whatsoever. The packaging business is growing. There's a lot of moving parts. It's a complicated business, but it's a business I like a lot. To sit here and say all the issues have been resolved, I would say, many of the issues have been resolved as we move into 4Q and into '19, I expect all issues to be resolved.
Mark Mondello: Sure, Mark. Yes. So I think the comment I made around DMS applies to the whole company. I think you start to get a theme here. So I love the vast majority of all of our business in DMS, whether it be healthcare packaging or what we're doing today in Green Point. I think the comment I made in my prepared remarks is that across the entire enterprise, Mark, we are looking to drive more and more diversification and cash flows and earnings. I think that's for a couple of simple reasons. Number one is we're just not smart enough as a management team to figure out all the puts and takes and what technologies and hardware products and everything else are going to win and lose across the globe today. The other comment I made is we're making some positions inside of our Green Point business where I would rather take stronger diversification versus reliance on some single selected product families. And based on the diversification there, based on the higher material content on a product by-product basis, some of the product blended margins may be a bit lower. But I think what we end up within the end markets, if we get that right, is we end up with a DMS business with both Green Point, healthcare and packaging where we get just a higher level of fixed asset utilization throughout the year. We don't get quite as bad. And we're doing that in such a way that we've got certain parts of the overall DMS business that's just growing at faster rates than others. So as I look to fiscal '19 and beyond, I really like the outlook for the DMS sector as well, along with DMS. So I kind of look at '19 going you know, if we get a few things going our way, I think it's going to be a nice year.
Mark Mondello: Yes, Mark. So I think, again, I think I'd answer it this way. The - I just it's hard to comprehend just how broad-based EMS is. It's just it's a business that cuts across, again, so many different brands, so many different customers, so many different products. If I had to characterize again where we're seeing strength, industrial energy, semi-cap equipment, auto, and then it's got a bit of tail to it. In terms of where we're seeing weakness, touch wood right now, we're not seeing any weakness in really any part of the business. And again, think that's reflective in the revenue numbers. If you take a look at fiscal year '17, I think, on EMS, DMS segment, we did about $11 billion. And I think if you kind of extrapolate out our 3Q guidance and the annual guidance, you'll get a feel that at the beginning of the year, we thought EMS revenue might be up 3.5%, 4%, and it can vary well be double that. So - and I think what's interesting is there might be some markets we serve in EMS where the markets themselves may be a little bit weak. But what's ironic in that right now is we're actually picking up decent amount of share gains in those markets. So all in all, I feel pretty good about what we're looking at with EMS. And again, this is coming off of a fiscal year '17 where the team drove margins to record highs coming off of '16 where they delivered, I don't remember the exact number, but roughly 3.5% up margins. So I'd like the story there quite a bit.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Sean. So I think what we said in the last number of calls, and I don't recall if I just said it in my prepared remarks a little bit ago, but I think maybe in my prepared remarks this time around, I talked about health care and packaging kind of strong double-digit growth. And I think, in the past number of calls, I called out kind of a 20% to 25% annual growth rate from, say, '16 to '19 or '20. I didn't exclude those numbers on purpose. I mean, I still think 20% to 25% CAGR to healthcare and packaging is where we're at, certainly, through '19 and potentially '20. Sean, we intentionally don't break out healthcare and packaging at the moment for a variety of reasons. I do think that one of the things I've been talking to Forbes and Beth and Adam about is the last time we did do an Investor Day was coming up on, call it, /18 months ago. I think that there's just a lot of good stuff going on in the company. And we're giving thought to putting together another Investor Day. Let's see if we pull that together, and if we do, I think at that point in time, we'll add a little bit more color around healthcare and packaging. But again, today, we don't break that out.
Mark Mondello: Yeah. I'm a little embarrassed by it because, on one hand, I'm pounding the drum with Forbes on we're driving for a less volatility, more predictability, and we are. And I do think, if you just watch this play out for the next couple years, that's what you'll see. It's a little bit surprising to us, and it's really all around acceleration of stuff that we thought might happen in the back half of the year. We're a little bit suspect of it. I thought it might go into '19. And so it's stuff that's been on our radar. It's stuff that, in terms of wins, hit heavier than we thought might in terms of total wins. So it's acceleration. And I kind of scratch my head and say, ' you know what, our structure, our solution-based approach, one of the things the team has done is they - that's approaching a $12 billion business for us. And one of the things the leadership team has done there is they've kept that $12 billion of business really broken up in appropriate smaller bites. And those individual teams really have pulled together wonderful domain expertise, and they've just gone after these markets in a way that's different than we have in the past. And again, touch wood with our scale and all of our solutions, it seems to be working. So I'll take it while we can get it.
Mark Mondello: You know, what, you're really, really knowledgeable in the areas where we tend to do a lot of technical ramps in 3Q, and none of them are ever easy. So I wish they were. But I think, again, some of the financial impact, if you look at - I don't know, if I just use rough numbers, I think last 3Q in DMS, we broke about even at a DMS line level. If you assume and the revenue we gave you in the slide deck today that - let's assume EMS is about the same margin structure as it was in 3Q of '17, you're back into some decent profits on a relative basis for the third quarter. If you go back to the 3Q of '16, if I remember right, I think we lost money at an enterprise level for DMS in '16. We broke about even last year. But I think we'll make some good profits this year, and I think some that's a sign of healthcare packaging and then general diversification within Green Point. But the task at hand, the investments that we're making, especially around the mobility sector, are still pretty challenging. And I look forward to seeing how we do because it's a good business for us.
Mark Mondello: We haven't talked much about '19. If I had to flip a coin right now, I'd say, the top line, that's not sustainable. I think that you have things where the stars align. And to think we can take a $12 billion EMS business and grow it at 6%, 7%, 8% year-on-year, I doubt that's going to happen But boy, oh, boy, am I pleased with what's in front of us. And we'll see what '19 holds, and maybe we'll talk more about that in the June call.
Mark Mondello: Yes, maybe I could comment. On the one thing I'd like about what we're doing at the moment is, A, I think it's very reflective of the strength of cash flows because we're able to run the business in, I think, a very prudent way. We're able to give some money back to shareholders. And again, if nothing crash and burns in front of us, the outlook is quite good. So right now, I guess, leaning more towards the share buybacks based on where the share price is. And the other, you get a bit of a benefit there because if hypothetically, we like the way the future looks, it's a good time to lean into the buybacks. And at some point in time, if the share price were to normalize, maybe align with how we think the business is going to turn out the next couple of years, then maybe we lean back into the dividend. But the nice thing is at that point in time, we'd be paying a dividends on less shares. So I think, all around, I like our approach with what we're doing in M&A. I like our approach with organic investments. And at this point in time, I have a preference towards the share buybacks.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Jim. I think what we said, either Forbes I or both of us as we came into the year, the CapEx would be about 700. I think that number still feels about right. And I think, in general, our CapEx today that we're spending is probably as equally spread and diversified across the business than it's ever been. So I don't know if that's where you're going with a question. Certainly, packaging and healthcare are part of that, as well as a number of various in EMS. And I think on the EMS side, the revenue would reflect that. And on the healthcare and packaging side, if they're growing at 20%, 25% they need a bit of capital as well.
Mark Mondello: I'll answer it in two parts. Number one is I think the 700 is good for this year. We haven't talked about CapEx for next year yet, so we'll get to that later in the year. In terms of the makeup of CapEx, if I go back to, say, fiscal '15 or '16, I think a large percentage of our CapEx at that point in time and maybe even as far back as '14 was concentrated around maybe single programs. Today, if you were to prioritize [ph] the CapEx for '17, and I imagine the same will hold true for this year and '19, you'd see a fairly equally spread, widespread spread pareto [ph] of the CapEx. So the CapEx makeup today and next year looking much different than it did maybe back in fiscal '14, '15 and even '16.
Mark Mondello: So maybe I misspoke. I don't think I said that our wins in EMS were solely in markets that weren't growing. I think maybe I gave a two-part response to an earlier question. One part of my response is we absolutely are seeing strength in EMS and new program wins in areas of the market that are growing. But then we do have the benefit of - in maybe areas of or end markets that we serve in our EMS business that might not be growing or flat, we're fortune enough to pick up share. So again, when I look at the pareto [ph] and the makeup of the increase in revenue from '17 to '18, pretty broad based and it's kind of what I would expect based on our approach for that business.
Mark Mondello: So I am still hell-bound on getting our DMS margins to the 5% range. And I know I've been banging on the drum on that for a couple of years. I think what we're doing in terms of serving all the different markets in that market quite well. I'm still confident we're going to get there. So I think I don't remember when I said it. But I think I said either in the June call or the September call, I said something about - I thought we'd get to the 5% range the first half of '18. I think we missed that by, I don't know, $10 million, $12 million, and never thought we'd get there for the whole year. But I still think the 5% to 7% range long-term for DMS is something that we're shooting for.
Forbes Alexander: Sean, if I may add. Mark referenced earlier some of the smaller tuck-in acquisitions that we've done. And I think those are really starting to bear fruit for us. And allowing our EMS teams to sell and engage customers in higher value-add content and engineering. And we've been very deliberate over the last 24 months about where we're looking and quite rebuilding those capabilities across the company.
Forbes Alexander: Yes, of course. This past quarter, you're absolutely correct, the interest rate was higher. This quarter, what was also included in there was, I think, it was about $2.5 million with associated with essentially prepaying our bonds, as we swapped those bonds out. So that's a onetime negative event, if you will, to the interest rate there. So as we go forward, I'd model $38 million to $39 million a quarter, which is where we've typically been running. And then on the tax rate, next quarter, a little bit higher than we've been seeing and that's just based on the mix of earnings. We have some tax-advantaged structures in Asia, and obviously, that's an investment quarter for us in Q3 as we ramp within our Green Point operations. Hence, we start to see little bit higher tax rates in the third fiscal quarter, and that should attenuate a little bit as we work through the end of the year. For fiscal '19, we'll see where that lands, but I'd suggest modeling at 26 type rate for the full fiscal year at this point in time.
Forbes Alexander: Yes, that's a onetime event. That's associated with disengagement with Jawbone [ph] So yes, we shouldn't see anything else attributed to that.
Forbes Alexander: Yes. And so in terms of free cash flows, I stand by what we talked about in our Analyst Day of late '16. So over that '16, '17 - excuse me, '17, '18 and '19, generating $3.5 billion of operational cash flow. I think we're firmly on track there. CapEx of about $1.8 billion. So $1.7 billion of free cash flows. We committed to return $1 billion through capital allocation through '18 again firmly on track. So as Mark answered to an earlier question, we'll continue to work through our thinking then. Our acquisitions, as Mark noted, are tuck-in nature. I'd like that approach. We're seeing growth as a result, engineering capability. So as we move forward, we'll take a look at that. In terms of dividend specifically, I think for anything meaningful there, it'd be a significant move-up. And certainly, I am more of a preference of stock repurchases back. And I think our cash flows could certainly continue to support a capital allocation policy, but more on that in the second half of fiscal year.
