Adam Berry: Hello and welcome to Jabil's fourth quarter of fiscal 2019 earnings call and investor briefing. Joining me on today's call are Chief Executive Officer, Mark Mondello; and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Dastoor. Today Mike will begin by walking us through the fourth quarter results. Following these comments, we will transition into the investor briefing portion of the day, where both Mark and Mike will review our strategy and outlook. We will then open it up for your questions. The entirety of today’s call will be recorded and posted for audio playback on jabil.com within the Investors Section. Our fourth quarter press release, slides, videos and corresponding webcast are also available on our website. In these materials you will find the earnings information that we cover during this conference call. Please note that during the investor briefing portion of the webcast we will be showing a video. You will need to be logged in to our webcast on jabil.com during today's session to view our slides and the video. Additionally, at the conclusion of today’s event, we will post several videos to our investor relations website in the Events and Presentation section. These videos feature our business leaders and highlight the current state of the end markets they serve. Before handing the call over to Mike, I would now ask that you follow our earnings presentation using the slides on the website beginning with our forward-looking statements. During this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements, including, among other things, those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business. Those statements are based on current expectations, forecast, and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2018 and other filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. With that, it's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mike Dastoor.
Adam Berry: Thanks, Mike. We will now begin our Q&A session. I'd like to remind our call participants that per our customer agreements, we will not address any customer or product specific questions. We appreciate your cooperation. We are now ready for Q&A.
Adam Berry: That's it for us. Thank you for joining us. The slides and videos will be on our website shortly, and we look forward to talking with everybody soon. This event has now ended.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Adam. So I think you touched on a few of them. The -- for us as we look at going from '19 to '20 and '20 to '21, certainly normalization in our healthcare business with what's going on with J&J, I think Mike also shared in his opening remarks and his assumptions that we believe we'll see or start to see a recovery in semi-cap in calendar summer 2020. So we believe that will carry us into '21. And then I also believe that across a number of our business sectors, Adam, the 5G enablement will start I think for real as we get into early to mid fiscal '21 and that will be beneficial as well. And then if I touch on the $85 million that Mike talked about, I think the timing and the use of those funds is quite good at the moment when I think about where our business inside of China sits. So, all in all, I stack all that up and that’s how we decided to give you guys a look to see at fiscal '21 and I’m pretty pleased with the outlook now we got to execute, but it's squarely right in front of us.
Mark Mondello: This is Mark again. While I was listening to Mike talk, another thing that popped in my head to your question around '21 is, Adam, alluded to it and I think I mentioned it somewhere in my prepared remarks. I think for both sales side, buy side and anybody interested in the company, taking some time and looking at videos that were posted or will be posted right after the call will be extremely beneficial in terms of activities that will also contribute to '20 and '21.
Mark Mondello: Yes. Steve, let me take a swing at it and then maybe Mike will add some commentary. What we felt is, if we look at the leadership team we have in Jabil Green Point today, the work they’ve done in the last 18 months is fascinating to me. And the fact that we're taking out some capacity is no indication around health of business -- lack of health of the business where we're positioned is as good today as we've ever been. Market share is in good shape. The team has just done a tremendous job of -- for lack of better word, getting more water through a smaller pipe. And so we looked at all of this and said, the timing feels pretty good to take out some capacity. There is a small subset of that capacity that needed to be taken out regardless. But the vast majority is we really wanted our kind of our back half of '20 and certainly '21 financials to be properly reflected, if you will, for again lack of a better term. So I think it's a really good decision and I think the timeliness of the decision is appropriate. And I don’t know if you had anything to add, Mike.
Mark Mondello: Well, I’m not so sure it's not in the cards. I think there's two elements for Mike and I. One is, we continue to improve the overall portfolio both in terms of our right to play in certain markets, selection of certain markets that we think are a bit more stable, a bit more predictable at times longer product life cycles. And then, in addition to that, one of the things that we've done a really nice job of, so Steve, you know well, the last 3, 4 years our hair has been on fire a bit in terms of overall growth for a number of well thought strategic reasons. Taking our foot off the gas, I think is healthy. We put a lot of pressure on the factories, a lot of pressure on the team. So now it's time to slow the car down just a hair, refine it, polish it up, but in terms of -- if we’ve got good opportunities, I think the way we look at that is reset and hurdle rates for each of our business sectors and business division. So what you could expect is, if revenue -- if we do take on opportunities and revenue creeps up, I think there's a high probability that additional earnings will come with it without any attenuation to margin either in '20 or '21.
Mark Mondello: Hi, Jim. I think your math is right. I think the Q -- if you look at the Q1 kind of growth rate, the Q1 growth rate is going to be kind of double-digit year-on-year, Q1 to Q1 on the EMS side and then normalizes throughout the year. I think that's twofold. One is Q1 of last year was a little bit of a abnormality, because we hadn't ramped any of the new businesses yet. So the kind of the denominator in the growth rate was a little bit distorted. I think if I think about Q2 and Q3 and Q4, we end up with kind of tougher comps with growth towards the back half of the year based on the timing of the new business ramps and how they laid in '19. So part of it is kind of the overall comps year-on-year comparison for '19 and then as well as the first half of fiscal '20, which is really kind of the back half of calendar '19 is also an area where we're completing ramp. So, overall, your math is correct and I wouldn't take anything away from that other than it's really about how the comps are measured.
Mark Mondello: I would say in our DMS segment where edge device plays, that's a fair observation. And I would say that overall on edge device, what we call edge device and lifestyle, Jim, there's three items that are playing there. So I think on our -- for lack of a fancier term, our green, blue slide that Mike spoke to on end markets, it shows edge device lifestyle for the year-on-year going from about $3.5 billion to $3 billion. I remember the exact numbers, but call it down $400 million, $500 million year-on-year. That's for a few different reasons. Number one is, there is a significant number of products in that bucket. So a number of those products are going through technology changes as things prepare for 5G. Number two is, certain products are just plainly going into life. And number three is, management's just made some decisions not to pursue follow-on products based on those products not meeting either a margin structure or cash flow priorities. The nice thing about that, Jim, is repeal $400 million, $500 million out of edge device and it gets replaced by really healthy outlook from healthcare and packaging. So I think the swap is quite good and really sets a nice platform for us as we move into fiscal '21.
Mark Mondello: Yes, sure. The -- when we first announced the wonderful collaboration with JJMD, there was -- there were some noise out there about, Geez, you guys going to be able to execute. This is like other big deals done in the industry that maybe didn't turn out so well. I think I said in our June call that Wave 1 and Wave 2 were completed and completed the plan. Those Waves had five factory sites and we welcomed all the employees from those sites. Wave 3, Jim, is coming along as planned. It will be integrated and closed on time. In fact, the plan is for the end of this month. So all in all, really, really pleased. Lots of hard work, but I think it's a win-win for both Johnson & Johnson and Jabil. And as I said, I think in the June call, revenues from the transaction still look to be in the $800 million to $1 billion range for fiscal 2020.
Mark Mondello: Sure. Thanks for the question, Matt. The -- again in Mike's prepared remarks and his assumptions as we sit today and it's been a moving target, unfortunately, it's been a target that's moved on us a couple of times to the right. But Alex Parimbelli and his team who oversee that part of our business has, kind of, put a little bit of a more stable guidepost in thinking that our semi-cap recovery, at least as applicable to Jabil. We should start seeing recovery in summer of calendar 2020. And we think that recovery carries through beyond the end of our fiscal 2020 and into 2021. And then on the automotive side, Mike Loparco and his team, Chad Morley and all the folks that run our automotive business have it really well position specifically in areas of electrification and sensing around the vehicle. So that's where the growth coming in both of those sectors combined.
Mark Mondello: Well, it's two things. One, it's always great to have huge wins at your sale in terms of market growth. But when we take a look at where we are positioned in the marketplace, it's not just all about vehicle production, it's about content per vehicle. And again, where we’ve chosen to participate strategically, content per vehicle for us looks quite good.
Mark Mondello: Yes, I chuckle because I remember sitting here not that long ago talking about the drag on the company from our packaging group. And happy to say that the packaging business continues to grow double digits in terms of top line. The drag on the company is now gone. And I said in my prepared remarks, I made some comment around one of the things we pride ourselves on is keeping fixed things fixed. And the lady that we hired out of the packaging industry has turned over the vast majority of our packaging leadership team. What she has dove into with her team is a service offering now and a solutions offering now in the packaging space from a company that has massive scale, great capabilities in terms of miniaturization, precision machining coatings, electrical and electronic assembly, and combining that with a pure packaging molding background. And we think our service offering is quite good. So certainly our packaging business is planned to be a material contributor as we move into fiscal 2021 and certainly a contributor in helping us get the company to the 4% margin outlook that we talked about for fiscal 2021 as well.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Mark. So there is a couple of different questions there. In terms of trade tariff issues, I said back, I think it was the June call that as we sit today no big material impacts to us. As we are sitting now in September, again, very little materiality in terms of actual business moves. I think, I mentioned something around the fact that there continues to be a deep rooted supply chain in China. A lot of our customers, when they look at the analysis, don't see a great payback in terms of moving existing business. And then there is a decent amount of our China revenue that's concerned -- consumed in other geos other than the U.S., so kind of not applicable. With all that said, Mark, one of the things that we have taken a hard look at in the last 75, 90 or 100 days is we do think with all the growth we put into the company, general footprint expansion is essential. And so from a CapEx perspective, we are going to continue to expand our footprint. And a lot of that expansion is largely outside of China. Most of that expansion is in support of our EMS business. And then there's probably an OpEx component to that, Mark. As I think about the overall EMS margins and somebody else earlier in the conversation today was asking about it, our EMS margins are always the last number of years stronger in the back half of the fiscal year versus the front half. This year EMS margins will also be lighter in the front half versus the back half and a small subset of that is we've planned about $10 million to $12 million of OpEx in the first half of the year in terms of EMS as far as footprint expansion strategically. So I hope that answers your question. And by the way, that's all built into our model and our outlook.
Mark Mondello: Yes, I think the answer is yes. We've been participating in that space literally forever. We are very well positioned in that space with our service offerings. We understand it inside and out. And, overall, if I think about the enterprise space collectively, if I set cloud aside, we are not going to see big growth in that sector of our business, but it's still a very important part of our business. It has lots of critical scale. I think the numbers Mike showed on our sector chart is still a $4 billion business for us. Really good in terms of stable cash flows. So, all in all, pleased with the business. But yes, your thesis are understanding around the end markets, I think it's correct.
Mark Mondello: Well, we might. I think we are -- the cloud business is relatively new to us. Again, I think Alex and his whole team have done a really nice job there. I think, we're looking at it going, "Okay. Let's not get over our skis." So take that as intended, but the cloud business is in really nice shape for us. And we think the outlook is going to be quite good. I think the other thing is, remember the $4 billion plus that we're showing is on a net scale. So, one could look at it intuitively and go, "Geez, why is the growth number is not higher with strong anticipation of 5G?". We are not going to see a lot of 5G in fiscal 2020. But also the biggest component to that is, as we move into '21 and '22 is there is going to be some cannibalization of LTE and 4G. So on a net-net basis, I think our outlook is relatively conservative, but that's why the numbers look like they look.
Mark Mondello: Sure. So I think -- geez, without trying to sound overly promotional, I think the last three or four years, everything that -- not everything, I think lots of what we’ve talked about, we've accomplished. If we go back to a year-ago and what we said we would do in '19, we largely accomplished those goals. If we go back to fiscal '18, we largely accomplished those goals. And quite frankly, our focus in the last three or four years has been on top line growth for a lot of the reasons we've talked about for the last 10 to 12 quarters. I think in the last -- with where the growth has gone, with the amount of growth in top line we've added to the company for all of the right reasons in my opinion, we as a leadership team now again has taken our foot off to pedal a bit in terms of growth. We are still going to grow, we're going to be a bit more selective. And we are going to focus on margins and cash flows. The nice thing about that is, sometimes growth isn't well within our control. I could tell you that the company has a 50-year track record of operational excellence and with the investments we've made in the factories the last two years, I think Mike in his CapEx slide broke out this year kind of an innovation engineering line item under CapEx. He did so that you can see from a sustainability standpoint and a technology standpoint in our factories. We are not under investing in that area. So the good news is for the next 12 to 24 months, a lot of what we are working on in terms of margin and cash flow is squarely in our control, and it's something we know how to do really, really well. I would also add to it a comment you made. Another component of the margin expansion, absolutely, is the composition of the commercial portfolio, which we feel really, really good about.
Mark Mondello: Yes, I think for modeling purposes, it would be good to think about EMS as flat Q1 to Q2. But could there be a sequential decline? There could. I think in our models, we're thinking about Q2 being relatively flat to Q1. And again, as I mentioned, a lot of that has to do with what you are measuring against last year. So 1Q of '19 before we started layering in revenues, I don't remember the exact numbers, but 1Q of EMS last year revenue was around $3.5 billion, I think, and I think we ended the year well over $4 billion. So again, we were ramping business through '19. Those are the comps that will be compared against some stronger comps Q2 through Q4 this year. But all in all, I feel really good about our EMS business this year. It's still going to end up growing 3%, 4% year-on-year. So around the $16 billion I think that we gave you and more importantly is as we will have a -- we think a 30, 40 basis point pickup in margin year-on-year going from the 3.1% last year back into a more normalized range of 3.5%.
Mark Mondello: I think, the tax rate depends a lot on where the revenues are being generated. Like we've said in the past 100 sites, 30 countries, a little bit of a mix shift in -- from one country to another. That could change the tax rate considerably. We feel good with our guidance going forward in that range of 26% to 28% that we've prescribed for FY '20. Will it be on the lower end or higher end? Don't know at this stage, but I think we feel good that it's moving in the right direction. It should continue to go down as we look out to our business mix going forward.
Mike Dastoor: So, yes, Adam, extremely pleased with our cash flow performance in Q4 consistent with previous years. Some the disciplines we put in place on inventory on AR, AP, all of those are coming through, working capital efficiencies are improving. There will be puts and takes as we go forward, obviously when we do our strategic collaboration. The inventory levels go up a little bit and they come back down throughout FY '20. Yes, so there's a lot of efficiencies taking place in working capital side and I feel really good about the $500 million plus that we put out for free cash flow. Maybe there's a little bit of conservatism in there, but it includes all the other pieces on the optimization side and some of the cash. I think we’ve mentioned about $35 million of cash will go out on the optimization side as well. So feel good about that. Capital allocation, I think the basis, I think it lays out a clear path on what we're trying to do over the next two years and I think the starting point is our free cash flow number and the share buybacks and dividends of approximately 60%, we feel is a good target to drive in over the next two years.
Mike Dastoor: And so some of the automation and manufacturing process improvements that we've put into place over the last 18 months, that makes us -- that gives us confidence that we can put in more incremental revenues through a reduced capacity. And we’ve sort of -- we feel really good about our market share. There's no loss of market share. In fact, we are gaining market share. So overall, I think it’s the right decision and it contributes to DMS margins.
Mike Dastoor: No, I think the biggest factor is that the ability to drive more revenues through a reduced capacity that we are putting in place. I think Mark talked about automation, robotics, all of that’s going to take over the next year or so. We will be able to drive a lot more revenue through a much, much reduced footprint.
Mike Dastoor: I think the $600 million is over a couple of years. I think, I would -- for modeling purposes, I would factor in about 50% -- I think, we've said 50% to 60% between share buybacks and dividends and the capital allocation framework. So that's factoring about $250 million for FY '20 and $350 million for FY '21.
Mike Dastoor: So I talked about where we stand today with our sites, it's about 100 sites in 30 countries. That's a big footprint. It will always require some level of maintenance as we go through some of the leasehold improvements, some equipment changeover for keeping up the technologies, factory-of-the-future, IT, automation, etcetera. So I think looking forward that $550 million-ish or that 2% sounds about right from a percentage perspective.
Jim Suva: Thank you very much, guys. If my math is right and it might be wrong, I think the full-year fiscal '20 sales growth rate is slightly under 3% around 2.7%. But the Q1 outlook is up about closer to 8%. Maybe my numbers are wrong on that, but it seems like you were expecting a strong wind down or tail off of growth as the year progresses, is that due to you exiting the business? And it looks like this category called Edge device and lifestyles is the biggest challenge there? Can you walk us through kind of the linearity, is my math right and kind of what’s going on there? Thank you.
Jim Suva: And then, Mike, correct that the biggest challenge is the subdivision or sub-segment you called edge device and lifestyles. It looks like year-over-year going to be down about $0.5 billion, is that right? And help us just understand that a little bit.
Jim Suva: Great. And then quickly can you just update us on the Johnson & Johnson transition as it -- I'm sure it's still transitioning if not fully done would be my assumption. May be either a number of sites or amount of revenues or just where we think about the phase or ending of that transition? Thank you so much.
