Mark Mondello: Ruplu, this is Mark. If I could add a comment, listening to Mike’s response, with everything we got going on, the macro the way it is today, if you think about the back half of the year and again, adding to what Mike said, our DMS margins for the second half are going to be in the range of 5%, which is right where they thought -- we thought they would be in September, and by the way, that’s with consumer getting hit pretty hard, at least temporarily. The EMS margins for the second half of the year are going to be in the range now of about 5%, maybe even slightly stronger, that’s going to be 30 bps, 40 bps higher than where we thought we would be in September. And the enterprise margin for the second half of the year is now also going to be in the range of 5%. That’s 10 bps, 20 bps higher than what we thought it would be back in September. And then if you kind of take that tangentially in a different manner, we have got margins from 22% at an enterprise level of being 4.6%. And as you alluded to in your question, we are going to be up 30 bps at an enterprise level year-on-year. So all things considered, the business has been run and executed really, really well.
Mark Mondello: Yeah. That’s -- I think that’s fair. We have come off of, I don’t remember the exact numbers, but I think 2021 to 2022, the business grew north of 40%, 2022 to 2023 if things hold, it will grow north of 40%. I don’t think next year, it’s going to grow north of 40%. But I think, if I had to speculate, I think, of our eight sectors, I think, automotive and transport will certainly be towards the top in terms of growth 2023 to 2024 on a relative basis. I mentioned on Ruplu’s question on how the margins, I think, again, when we look at the back half of the year, we are really, really satisfied, excuse me, with overall margins and really satisfied with margins taking it up 10 bps for the year. Intertwined in that, though, is we have a ton of activity going on in auto EVs at the moment and there’s a lot of that activity that hasn’t reached maturity yet and we expect it to do so in 2024. So almost independent of whether the growth is 10%, 20%, 30% next year. I think the activity and the efforts we are putting into that space at the moment are going to have a good result and a good outlook and outcome in 2024.
Mark Mondello: I think we -- we have been saying this since we did the JJMD deal and then we got hit with COVID. I think, philosophically, we are directionally correct in our hypothesis around opportunities to be able to capture more and more outsourcing in the personalized digital overall healthcare space. As you know, it’s a very, very, let’s just say, formal marketplace. So decisions are very well thought as they should be with a lot of patients being involved. But nothing’s changed at all in terms of our overall thoughts and commentary we have been making the last couple of years in terms of how that market looks for us and how we are positioned for that market. I think timing has been a little bit slower than we anticipated, but nonetheless, the trajectory of that is still in really good shape.
Mark Mondello: I would say, if you are talking about the OI line year-on-year, boy, it’s one of the best financial metrics we have in the company. I would say it starts with the composition of the team led by Fred McCoy and his whole team. The job they are doing on an execution basis is tremendous. If you think about some of the catalysts for sure, the Inflation Reduction Act overall industrial are strong. Parts of wireless infrastructure and cloud remains strong, and then, again, on the income line, I would say, it’s a combination of just tremendous execution, customer care, and again, our -- the overall EMS portfolio, although, we report it in four different sectors, just has an endless number of customers and I think that diversification plays into that as well.
Mark Mondello: We always see competition. I feel without -- I don’t really want to get into quantifying it. I just think -- we are a U.S. domiciled company and if there was ever a geography that I feel really, really good, again, I think, we compete really well all over the globe. I feel very good about our ability to compete in the Americas. We have always -- we have a longstanding track record in how to run, execute and offer great customer care out of Mexico and the U.S. In terms of getting into the competition of who they are it’s the same competition we have all over the globe. If you are inferring that over the next coming years, maybe overall growth rates might be quite good in North America and Mexico. If you are serious on that or your inference on that is correct, we are very, very well positioned both in U.S. and Mexico.
Mark Mondello: You are welcome. For us, mobility -- if I think about FY 2022, if I think about our outlook in September and if I think about where it is today, mobility hasn’t changed much, it’s plus or minus $100 million on nearly a $4 billion base. So mobility is kind of turning out about how we thought it would and both on an absolute scale and a relative scale to September in FY 2022 and there’s a lot of puts and takes there. Our overall consumer business, though, is we -- it’s weak compared to 2022, it’s weak compared to what we thought in September. Has it bottomed? Not sure. Let’s see what happens. There are so many moving parts. You have seen what has happened this week in the banking industry. We will see what the interaction is both from the government, both from the Fed. So, again, the nice thing is, is our consumer business is well diversified. In terms of the sector or end market as a whole, I don’t know if I would have enough insight to suggest it’s bottomed or not, I would say that, we have taken a very significant hit in consumer. I think our outlook for the back half of the year is rational and with that we are taking the year up in terms of margins by 10 bps and we feel really, really good about that. And again, I think, it’s illustrative of the composition of the overall company today.
Mark Mondello: Yeah. I don’t think I -- maybe I said it and maybe I forgot already, but I don’t think I suggested that, it’s solely around scale and leverage. It’s -- I think it’s mainly around the fact -- I think it’s composition of the business and I think it’s about the experience and the execution of. In terms of our overall company I feel this way. Our -- there’s no team in the industry, in our industry that has the experience and just the overall approach that our EMS team does. So I think leadership matters, I think the team matters. I am giving you mixed thoughts, because the results are very good, but it’s not like a coincidence. I think it’s a combination of the leadership team. We have restructured that organization a bit. We took some costs out at the beginning of the year that Mike talked about back in December. The composition, the overall diversification, our opportunity to continue to gain share in areas that we want to gain share in. We have also made some very tough decisions on maybe some relationships that weren’t performing as well. And by the way, in general, I think that, in our industry, scale gives us a huge competitive advantage for lots of different reasons and not just scale for the sake of scale, but add to that our geographic reach, our geographic knowhow and then weave into that the sophistication of our IT systems, the investments we have made on the manufacturing floor, which is hundreds of millions of dollars over the last three years or four years in automation, AI, robotics, data analytics, I think, all that plays, Shannon.
Mark Mondello: I don’t want to answer this. I think I will waive the Jabil flag a little bit. I believe, in my opinion and I have had lots and lots and lots of debates with sell-side, buy-side folks. I think from June of 2016 through today, we never get it right, we never get it perfect and we will never be exactly aligned with the sell-side, buy-side partners. But I think we have done an exceptional job with our capital allocation strategy both strategically, tactically and financially. And it is a lot of about a lot of data, a lot of data analytics and we have come at that all the time with an eye on what do we truly believe is best for the long-term health of the business and then, of course, shareholders and customers and we will continue to behave in that exact manner.
Mark Mondello: We -- so if you think about the business and again we combine 5G wireless, infrastructure and cloud together, as you know, from what we thought it was going to be 90 days ago in December. I actually think we guided it up by, I think, roughly $100 million relative to December and we are getting back to levels that actually we thought it would be back in September. So there’s pockets of that where we are seeing a little bit of weakening. Overall, though, a reminder, our 5G wireless business is very global in nature. So to the extent that there’s any and I am not suggesting there is or isn’t, but to the extent there’s any type of pockets of weakening in North America, we are really fortunate to have that business well diversified and our overall cloud solution, cloud business today is continuing to execute and operate slightly above the plan.
Mark Mondello: Yeah. This is a recurring topic and rightfully so because it’s been awful the last 18 months. We started tapping the drum and then maybe pounding the drum as we exited the summer of 2022, moved into fall of 2023 with opinions that the supply chain would probably get better sooner relative to maybe some other projections. It also, I think, is illustrative of advantage point we have with our scale cutting across so many different end markets. That’s played out to be true. And I would say, in general terms, I believe we talked about maybe during the September Investor Day, that we thought the supply chain, although, maybe not fully back to normal, would normalize by late winter, spring time of 2023 and that’s shown to be true. So, all in all, as we continue to move into the summertime of calendar 2023 and into the fall we see the supply chain getting better and better.
Mark Mondello: Mark, you are breaking up a little bit. There’s some static on the line. So I am not sure I understood your question correctly. So let me offer an answer and if I miss your question, please tell me and I will do a better job trying to dial in on exactly what you are asking. So I think what I heard you ask was back half of the year in terms of revenue. So if I could break that into three buckets and if I -- again bring me back to the genesis of your question, if I missed it. If we look at the back half, our DMS revenue is down about $200 million relative to where we thought we would be in September and almost all of that is the consumer space. Our EMS revenue is within $50 million, $100 million where we thought it would be in September, so let’s just say that’s flat and largely as we expected. At an enterprise level, the second half is off about $150 million, $200 million, and again, that captures the consumer business as a subset. So in the most simplistic terms, that’s how we look at the back half revenue wise relative to the outlook we provided in September.
Mark Mondello: Okay. The vast majority of that is consignment. If you take a look at year-on-year, and again, I will round the numbers and my numbers might not be exact, but if you break it into the four sectors in which we report our business. Digital print and retail, I believe, is up year-on-year. Industrial Semi-Cap is up a lot year-on-year and that’s with a week -- that’s with a hopefully a temporary weak situation in Semi-Cap. Our network and storage business is up for the year. And 5G wireless and cloud is down for the year, of which all of that is consignment from a financial perspective and that sector is up in terms of unit volumes.
