Adam Berry: Good morning, and thank you for joining Jabil's third quarter fiscal 2024 earnings call. Joining me on today's call are Chief Financial Officer, Greg Hebard, and Chief Executive Officer, Mike Dastoor. Over the next few minutes, we will review the following. Review our Q3 results, provide an update on current demand, and preview our seventh annual virtual investor briefing. Before we begin, please note that today's call is being webcast live. And during our prepared remarks, we will be referencing slides. To follow along with the slides, please visit jabil.com within the Investor Relations portion of the website. At the conclusion of today's call, the entirety of today's presentation will be posted for audio playback. I'd now ask that you view the slides on the website and follow along with our presentation, beginning with the forward-looking statement. During this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements, including among other things, those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31st, 2023 and other filings with the SEC. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. With that, I'll now hand the call over to Greg.
Adam Berry: Thanks, Mike, Greg, and congratulations to each of you on well-deserved new roles. I look forward to working alongside both of you. Before we move into our Q&A session, I'd like to take a few minutes to broadly summarize some of our key messages you heard today. First off, our fiscal '24 outlook is on track with the update we provided in March and subsequently reiterated in May. Notably, this includes $8.40 in core EPS, 5.6% core margins and $1 billion-plus in free cash flow. And as we move through Q4, we fully anticipate completing the balance of our $2.5 billion share repurchase authorization. As we turn our attention to the end markets, we remain fully committed to our year-over-year growth plans in our AI data center end markets in both fiscal '24 and '25, which today are reported across our cloud, networking and industrial end markets. At the same time, we're actively evaluating our portfolio to see if there's any opportunity to further optimize, as Mike just described. And for early modeling purposes, please keep in mind that our seasonality in fiscal '25 will be reflective of the mobility divestiture. As such, our quarterly earnings progression will be more like that of our EMS business, where we typically earn 40% in the first half of the year and 60% in the second half of the year. Interest expense in fiscal '25, although rate dependent, is shaping up to be approximately $275 million. And our core tax rate is expected to increase from fiscal '24 to fiscal '25 as a result of Pillar Two global minimum tax legislation. And finally, and just generally speaking, Jabil remains extremely well-positioned to benefit from a recovery in many of the end markets that have proven to be headwinds in fiscal '24. And while the timing remains uncertain, the ultimate recovery will lead to solid revenue growth, further margin expansion and even more cash flow generation on an already installed capacity. We look forward to updating you on these matters and more on our seventh annual investor briefing, which is tentatively scheduled for September 26. Operator, we're now ready for Q&A.
Adam Berry: That's it for this call. Thank you very much. If you have any further questions, please reach out. We will be happy to talk. Thank you.
Mike Dastoor: Thanks, Ruplu. I think you're aware I’ve been the CFO for six years and during this time, my focus areas have always been and always will continue to be margins and free cash flow and utilization of that free cash flow for buyback purposes. We still do think we're undervalued. So that's a key area of capital allocation that will continue well with the focus on margins, continuous focus on free cash flow. We're in all the right sort of end markets as well. So from an opportunity standpoint, are there end markets that we're not in? Yes, we'll be looking into that. That's one of the reasons we're structured the way we are in the new organization. But right now, yes, there's some softness in some of our end markets. But over the long term, these end markets are ripe for recovery. And I'm not suggesting that happens in the next one or two quarters. I think we have seen some of that shifting -- the recovery shifting to the right. So overall, from an opportunity perspective, I think the key is when does this whole AI proliferation in almost everything we do. So we're a hardware company. AI is going to require hardware refreshes across the board and we're playing in almost all the right end markets. So I do expect that entire AI proliferation to be a tailwind for us. So that happens in the next one or two quarters, perhaps not right now, it's more data center focused. But over the long-run, I do expect that to proliferate across the entire range of end markets we serve. From a risk standpoint, Ruplu, I think it's the timing of the recovery. I think there's various anecdotes outside externally, internally. Some would suggest things are recovering a little bit slower than we anticipated. Some suggest that it might be okay. So we'll take this time over the next three or four months to figure out our plan. That was one of the reasons we rescinded our FY '25 guidance and we'll provide much more color on our analyst briefing in -- at the end of September.
Mike Dastoor: So, I think you're absolutely right. There is a large amount of competition, Ruplu. Today, if you think about where we play in AI, it's mainly around server rack equipment. As we look at data center building infrastructure, we're looking at power, we're looking at cooling. We're looking at value-add services around some of these data center pieces as well. So there will be a -- margin sort of will slow down, but it will start picking up again over time as we start expanding around an AI data center driven strategy. So, we're looking at other pieces in the periphery, along the lines of silicon photonics, we're looking at OSAT packaging. So there's a whole bunch of things that we look at from an AI perspective. And I think margin does -- it's not going to go jump-up quite a bit right now, but it will go down and come back up pretty fast.
Mike Dastoor: Right. So, Ruplu, let me try and answer your auto question first. I think in auto, we are seeing some weakness, particularly as it relates to China. I think there's an oversupply situation there. That does impact manufacturing for us local to local and local for Asia -- sorry, local for export purposes as well. So we're seeing some push-out in the whole EV recovery space because of the situation in China. From a semi-cap standpoint, we -- I think our initial expectation was a full-scale recovery in December or January -- in December '24 or January '25. That's pushing out a little bit to the right. And I think you'll see a little bit of a weird situation there where China is a dominant player right now. There is sell-through into China, but a lot of that sell-through is coming from existing inventory. So we expect a Jabil impact to start around the middle of calendar year '25. From a margin standpoint, Ruplu, we do expect all of these end markets to start coming back at some point or the other. So it's not a -- we're not in a full-blown recession where we go and completely close down facilities and take down costs because we lose out when the recovery does come through. So you might see some level of temporary margin impact there. But overall, trajectory and our position when the recovery starts will be extremely strong. And I'll give you an example. I think our -- today, we're probably capacitized for about $30 billion to $33 billion of revenue. And if you look at in FY '25, obviously, it will be considerably lower than that. So we'll have a little bit of surplus capacity. We do want to take that out. I don't think the answer is take capacity out. I think we're going to wait for that recovery to come back and there might be some level of temporary margin impact, but long-term, really well-positioned.
Mike Dastoor: Yeah. So, thanks, Steve. First of all, I do think there is an amount of seasonality that we see in almost every single Q4. So you'll see margins go up because of that for sure. And I think Adam highlighted even FY '25, when we think about that, we expect the second half -- going forward, second halves to be much more than the first half of the year because of our mobility divestiture. There is some level still of fixed cost recoveries. And when you have fixed cost recoveries, but no revenue flowing through, there is definitely a bit of a margin impact. I do think -- I don't think 6% is what we're going to be seeing. It's not sustainable in Q1. If you look at historical seasonality, Q1, things go down. Q2 is consistent with Q1 and then we see another sort of Q3 and Q4 uptick in margins. So 6%, I would say, has a little bit of one-offs in it and is not sustainable for the first half of the year, but Q3, Q4 of next year, you'll see similar sort of seasonality from a margin perspective.
Mike Dastoor: Sure. So, Steve, I've always been focused on margins and free cash flow. I think you've seen that over the last six years. We continue to prioritize margins and cash flow. If we see some level of accounts where the one or two of these metrics don't shape up too well, we're looking at it from a reshaping our portfolio, sort of away from some of those end markets and geographies as well with less sort of attractive risk and financial outcomes. So it spread out a little bit. I would look at legacy networking as one of the areas where you see this, the legacy networking going down, you will see the AI piece replacing some of that. So you'll see an increase in AI, but you will see a little bit of a decrease on the legacy networking piece as well. Again, this positions us really well. So I'm not saying margins will jump up in '25 because of this. But over the long-term in FY '26 and beyond, the margin structure will improve along with better cash flows. I think Greg talked about free cash flows coming in really strong in Q3. We continue to be focused on free cash flows going forward because that's where we think the valuation lies is in the free cash flow.
Mike Dastoor: I think it's probably neither of those. It was a little bit of conservative forecasting from our perspective. If you see connected devices over the last maybe a couple of years, post-COVID, it's been a little bit down and we've always sort of tried to make sure that our forecasts are accurate. In this particular instance, the numbers came in, I don't think we're seeing a big jump-up in the end-market, but I think the whole impact in Q3 was mainly because of the conservative forecasting that we sort of anticipate.
Mike Dastoor: Let me hit the power and cooling question first. One of the things we are seeing in the data center space, the legacy data centers are going through a retrofit. And at retrofit, we were looking at capabilities there where we can offer services to data centers from a cooling distribution unit perspective. If you look at new deployments, the legacy ones are more liquid to air. The newer deployments are liquid to liquid cooling. Well, we have internal capabilities around that. And we'll be continuing to look at small capability-driven transactions in that space as well. The key here is to expand our service around server rack integration and into the whole data center building infrastructure as well. And we -- I think that will be a big differentiator around.
Mike Dastoor: Yeah. So I think that's a great question. I think you're absolutely right. It's the legacy piece from the networking side that we're sort of walking away from, a lot of that is being replaced anyways by future forward-looking AI, liquid cool sort of switches. We're definitely getting involved in that. We're looking at -- if you look at our silicon photonics piece, we're looking at the whole transceiver business, which gets attached to that space quite a bit as well. So overall, networking and storage, think of it as a transition where we're transitioning from a legacy network to a new era of networking and switching and we're going to be playing heavily on the new networking and switching. At the same time, the legacy business will go down a bit.
Mike Dastoor: I think it will be a hybrid -- we're not going full ODM. At this stage, we're definitely going to continue in the EMS space. Historically, we've stayed away from competing directly with our customers and we'll continue to do that, Matt.
Mike Dastoor: And, Matt, if I can just add, provide some more color on the interest. If you go back to FY '23, so not this year, but previous years, our interest was in the range of $150 million. I think if you look over time, it was in that range. I'm not suggesting we go back to $150 million. Today, it's at $275 million. But as interest rates start coming down and we have a full year impact of that more towards the end of our calendar year '25, you'll see interest start going down quite a bit as well, because $275 million is not going to be the norm. It's going to continue to go downwards. It won't go back to $150 million, but a two -- low-200s is highly possible and all of that just drops directly to the EPS line.
Mike Dastoor: All of that comes from deselecting, not deselecting, but renegotiating with customers. It's coming down. I think the number I provided was $800 million. That is a part of our strategy. Like I've mentioned before, margins and free cash flow continue to be front and center of everything we do. And we're just -- it's reshaping our portfolio sort of away from end markets and geographies with less attractive risk and financial outcomes. So it's all that. And then I think I mentioned legacy networking being one of the big ones there. So it's all -- it's all driven by literally reshaping the numbers. I think if you look at all the other end markets, they are more than soft, I'd say the recovery -- the timing of that recovery has been pushed out, is continuing to be pushed out a little bit. So the other end markets will be down, but there's no reshaping going on around that and that $800 million that I referenced was probably a reshaping number. There will be some level of revenue impact as the timing of recovery gets shifted to the right as well.
Mike Dastoor: Absolutely. I'm not -- again, I'm not suggesting FY '25 will see a big accretion because of that. I talked about us being capacitized for $32 billion, $33 billion of revenue. Our revenues are going to be considerably short of that. So we will have a little bit of overcapacity, but we need that capacity when things start to recover. And I think it will be very short-sighted of us to go and address that incremental capacity that we have today. So yes, there will be margin accretion in these businesses overall from a company standpoint, just keep in mind that there is a little bit of an overcapacity situation right now as well. But think of that as an opportunity. When things start coming back, it will have a big margin impact. And does that happen towards the end of '25? Does that happen in FY '26? We just don't know right now. And that's why we've asked for a little bit more time and that's why we withdrew our FY '25 guidance. We will provide more color in -- at the end of September to the best of our abilities.
Mike Dastoor: It's south of enterprise margin. It's not just the margin. We look at the free cash flow profile as well that both of those metrics are critical for our success. I think the -- one of the things we're looking at is risk as well. So obviously, the financial metrics have to tie out, the risk has to tie out as well, risk in different parts of the world, risk in the end markets that are seeing a downward trend all being replaced by a new perspective. So it's all of that work and the margin will be south as I was mentioning on the previous question from Matt. Don't expect margins to jump-up in '25 because of this. There is a little bit of an overcapacity situation. So the margin does get impacted and it's over time. I do expect maybe towards the end of FY '25 or even in FY '26 to see a pickup in margin because of this. So it's a mid to long-term payback or a return.
Mike Dastoor: So, I think when I talked about EVs, I think the point I was trying to break -- make was that we're almost agnostic to whether it's EVs that succeed or hybrids that succeed. And I think if you look at some of the three or four areas that we participate in, I think it's software-defined vehicles, that applies across combustion, hybrids and EVs. If you look at the battery management systems and everything to do with the battery, it equally applies to EVs and hybrids. If you look at some of the connectivity piece, again, it applies to all three categories of automotive. And then if you look at automated driving with optics, with cameras, with a whole bunch of ADAS technologies, again, agnostic to which technology wins out. We still think EVs is ripe for a comeback. I think it's seeing some temporary sort of impact due to price, due to battery range. Just couple of those issues being resolved and EVs will be back again. But the point I was trying to make is, look, we're going to have an EV or a hybrid. When EVs go down and hybrids go up, there'll always be a little bit of a timing difference as we win programs in the hybrid space for them to come online. But the long-term trajectory for our EV business is actually quite agnostic in terms of which technology wins out.
Mike Dastoor: So in the other end markets, I think Greg talked about the three that are impacting us today from an AI perspective. All the other end markets, something it's a little too early for us to start sort of assuming AI pieces in there. I think AI is definitely coming. AI is definitely going to impact all of those end markets. Hardware refresh cycles will take place in a number of our end markets, but our assumptions wouldn't bake that in right now. As we see it coming forward, we will start putting some of that in. But the answer -- direct answer to your question is, there's very little, there's almost no AI in any of the other end markets at this stage.
Mike Dastoor: At this stage, not really. I think there's been a mass scale deployment of 5G already in India. I think there's definitely -- I think there's a hope that they monetize that and move forward after they've seen some returns. So they're almost -- I think there's 75%, 80% sort of rolled out. I don't think we have some big assumptions of a post-election recovery in India at this stage.
Mike Dastoor: So, when we say softness, just note that it's just one of the four or five things that we do in the entire healthcare space. I think if you look at the GLP-1 drugs, they're off the charts. They just keep going higher and higher and higher. There's no -- and we're really well-positioned to play in that space. There is a counter sort of impact, obviously, that impacts surgeries, medical devices. But there's a whole bunch of other things that we do as well from a diagnostic standpoint, from an orthopedic standpoint, from a pharma solutions standpoint, from other medical devices. So it's a smaller impact. I wouldn't -- Greg called it out, I think it was an issue specifically for our FY '24. We're seeing some short-term headwinds there because of that. But don't forget the GLP-1 piece will continue to grow. I think the only sort of constraint is capacity, putting that capacity in place, which takes a little bit of time due to the heavy automation that's involved on the GLP-1 piece.
Greg Hebard: Yeah. Hi, Ruplu, it's Greg. Just to reiterate some of the things Mike just said. Definitely expanding operating margins, it will be a key focus, continuing to generate strong free cash flows, as you saw quite a strong Q3 we had, and then return capital to shareholders. We continue to be super thoughtful on this and believe share repurchase is still a great use of our cash for Jabil.
Greg Hebard: Yeah. Hi, this is Greg. So yeah, I think there's a few parts to that question. I'd say first on interest expense and share buyback, we definitely look at the two combined and making sure we have the most effective EPS results from that. Interest expense, we do see rates continuing to stay elevated for most of the calendar '24 and into '25, so being conservative on that number. From a working capital perspective, I think we've been doing a really good job. We do see our debt inventory in the 55 to 60-day range. And do we -- and we do see some cyclicality of that during the year and intra-quarter. So obviously, this quarter, we had a good number that hit. But one thing to remind you as well, we do have inventory deposits that does offset some of that pickup and we do just look at our gross [DII] (ph) coming down. So, we're continuing to be very focused on net inventory and getting it down closer to 55, but there is some cyclicality on that. On the share repurchase, we are committed to completing our $2.5 billion share authorization in Q4. We do need a new Board authorization as we go into '25. So stay tuned for that. But looking to get our WASO into the 110 to 113 range by the end of FY '25.
Greg Hebard: Yeah, Samik, it's really a mix that we're seeing recently. So we -- again, some seasonality to that, but all that is related to mix.
