Mark Mondello: Thanks, Adam. Good morning. I appreciate everyone taking time to join our call today. I'll begin by offering a warm thanks to all of our people here at Jabil. Thank you for your commitment and thank you for always making safety your top priority. And stepping back and reflecting for a moment, it's hard to believe that 12 months have passed since we first encountered COVID. I think about sitting alongside Mike and Adam one year ago, here in our March 2020 earnings call, when clarity vanished and uncertainty ran wild. Yet in typical Jabil fashion, our people did what they do; they dove in and gave their very best to combat the pandemic. They did so by looking after one another, while taking outstanding care of our customers. It's a point in time that I'll never forget; it's a point in time that highlights the level of respect and admiration that I have for our team here at Jabil. Their attitude and their actions continue to impress. And for sure, there is no other team I'd rather be part of. Again, much thanks to all of our employees who simply make Jabil, Jabil. Please turn to Slide 5 where we'll take a look at our 2Q results. Our second quarter came in well ahead of expectations, driven by stronger than expected product demand, solid execution and a well-balanced contribution throughout the entire company. The team delivered core earnings per share of $1.27 on revenue of $6.8 billion, resulting in a core operating margin of 4.2%. I'm really pleased with our financial results for the quarter. Although, what's quite interesting to me is the overall construct of the business in combination with the improvements we've made to our balance sheet. All in all, our performance during the first half of the year gives us excellent momentum as we push towards the back half of fiscal '21. It also sets a firm foundation for further margin expansion as we look to FY22. As customary, Mike will provide more detail around our second quarter results during his prepared remarks. I'd now like to share a pie chart which is indicative of our commercial portfolio. Slide 6 underscores the effectiveness of our approach and the base from which we operate. Today, our business is wide-ranging and resilient; this is especially true when any individual product or product family is faced with a macro disruption or cyclical demand. Furthermore, our current business mix provides a unique set of capabilities, innovative capabilities openly shared across the enterprise with speed and precision as we simplify the complex for our customers. It's a proven formula that's trusted by many of the world's most remarkable brands. Moving to Slide 7, I'll address our updated outlook for the year. We now believe core earnings will be in the neighborhood of $5 a share, an increase of 25% from what we anticipated back in September with top line revenue coming in around $28.5 billion. This incremental revenue improves our portfolio as evidenced by another 10 basis point increase to core operating margin which we now forecast to be 4.2% for the year. Lastly, we remain committed to generating a minimum of $600 million in free cash flow, a testament to how we're managing our capital investments. As I wrap up the outlook, it's notable that our strategy is working, our path is well understood and how we go about producing results is important. On this last point, when we think about the how, we think about purpose; a purpose that guides us in our journey, a purpose which is grounded in a series of behaviors; behaviors such as keeping our people safe, servant leadership, ensuring a fully inclusive environment and giving back to our communities around the world. I'm just so proud that our team is hitting the mark in all of these areas. As we transition to my final slide, I want to once again say thanks to our team. Their efforts over the past two years to three years have allowed us to reshape the business as we've targeted growth in select markets; markets that largely align with secular trends. A few examples of these being 5G, personalized healthcare, electric vehicles, digital learning, cloud computing, clean energy and eco-friendly packaging. Our team continues to develop deep domain expertise in concert with these secular tailwinds. I like the decisions we're making and what we're doing, and we do what we do while respecting the environment and safeguarding our workplace. We're committed to a workplace which encompasses tolerance, respect and acceptance. We encourage each and every employee here at Jabil to be their true self. We strive to make the world just a little bit better, a little bit healthier, and a little bit safer each and every day. One factor that makes good companies great is possessing a value system which allows them to solve problems over and over again; we embraced this way of thinking and welcome the challenges put forth by our customers. Thank you. And I'll now turn the call over to Mike.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Ruplu. I feel good about where the margin. I think you're right, we look at the overall corporate margin for the year, we think we'll be around 4.2%. And EMS will be in the range of I would guess 3.6%, 3.7%. I look at that relative to fiscal '19. If I go back that far, and I think EMS in '19, was around 3% all in. Last year, we're below that and I acknowledge that was a COVID year with excessive COVID expenses. But I feel pretty good about that business overall. I think we're doing the right things in cloud. I look at that business today in terms of a mix of legacy business, some businesses that we've gotten a bit of a nudge or help with COVID. But most importantly, Ruplu, I think about things that Mike was talking about in his prepared remarks in terms of trends that we think are going to be around for a while. Things like 5G, electric vehicles, cloud computing, clean energy.  So I feel good about the year. We continue to make OpEx investments as well in the EMS segment, but I think we're on a good trajectory. The things I obsess about or worry about. The condition of the EMS business, the next two, three years isn't one of them. 
Mark Mondello: I don't want to speculate on any configuration changes or anything like that. Our relationship in that space with our main customer there is super solid. And when I just think back about the last two, three years of execution, I've got again, very little doubt in our ability to execute on the mobility side, configuration changes or not. So again, not an area that then I'm losing a lot of sleep over.
Mark Mondello: Yes, thanks Adam. Q3 is always a little bit of a debit for us. And, as much as we take a lot of I don't know if the words pride we feel really good about the overall mixing of the business. What we've done in the last two, three years. But again, we always see a little bit of a soft spot in terms of enterprise level, in terms of up margin. I think you're right, enterprise margins for Q3 will be around the 3.5% range. And, again, I compare that to last year, which maybe it's nonsense, because of COVID it's up substantially year-on-year. I'm going off a memory, but I got to believe that if we went back to fiscal '19, we'd be up year-on-year in terms of Q3 to Q3 as well. So none of it has anything to do with reflection of the business other than for certain parts of our business as you know, Q3 tends to be more of an investment quarter on an OpEx line than the other quarters. The thing that I'm focused on more than anything is beginning of the year.  So we've had, we've strung together, I don't know, adding four, five years where the overall enterprise up margin line has been bouncing around 3.5%. That says we've really been focused on adding good quality growth to the company. And in September, we gave an outlook that said for the year we do a four handle on up margin. 90 days ago in December, we took that up to four one now we're taking that up to four two. So I feel, I'm more focused on that trajectory than the quarter-on-quarter results. And in terms of your comments forward looking beyond '21, we'll give more detail around that in the Investor Day in September, I had said something in my prepared remarks today around the fact that we're very focused on continuing a positive direction with margins as we get into fiscal '22. And that would be relative to the four two, that we hope to post this year. 
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Jim. I assume you're talking about our eight sectors [ph]. Yes, so, I'm not quite sure we mean, in terms of surprise, in terms of the uplift, for sure. So I don't know that it's a surprise to us that we're seeing strength in 5G and cloud. Back in December, we knew that there was going to be some component shortages and constraints. But we've been very bullish on the 5G wireless infrastructure and cloud area of our business. So whether surprised or not, it's certainly an area where we continue to see strength. And I think that's largely both on the 5G side and the cloud side. Our services and our solutions are being well accepted and embraced out in the marketplace. So feel really good about that area of the business. In terms of supply constraints, I would say that we talked about this a bit in December, let's say, nine months ago, or so. You know, there was demand drops everywhere, based on COVID. I think that people took a lot of their demand signals, cut them abruptly. And then, at least our conversations with our customers, very few people anticipated the rebound that we've seen, which largely started August, September timeframe, and a bit to our surprise is continued to be very strong through early stages of 2021. And on the supply side, again, all of that drove constraints.  One good piece of information, I think to share is any type of supply constraints, whether it be around resin, whether it be around silicon, whether it be around passives, whether it be around mechanicals all that's handicapped into our numbers and I would actually say that we took a fairly deep handicap to that for our Q3 and Q4. So I feel if anything, maybe there's some slight upsides to what we've put out today, assuming that the supply constraints don't work and worse. And the other thing I would say is, I think the procurement team at Jabil just simply the best team in the business. And if I think about our scale, if I think about our holistic approach to demand planning, whether that cuts across healthcare or mobility or EMS business or automotive, our team's knowledge of the marketplace, the knowledge of the commodities, knowledge of technologies, and in the long standing relationships we have is really allowing us to navigate what otherwise is a tough component market at the moment. So I feel we're getting along and getting by quite well, all things considered on a relative basis.
Mark Mondello: Yes, thank you. So on the healthcare side, I think we're -- I think we continue to hit it on all cylinders. Steve Borges [ph] and his team who run that business, we started talking about the JJMD relationship. I don't even know how long ago now to 2.5 years ago, we kind of laid out a roadmap there and our health care team has executed nearly flawlessly to the roadmap that we laid out. So feel good about that and then the business around the JJMD. And I talked in my prepared remarks about different trends. And the team is really focused on things like for health care, like personalized health, like digital health. We announced sometime during the quarter, another relationship that has everything to do with technology around auto injection and auto injectors. And so I just look at the technology, the investments that our healthcare teams are making, and feel really good about that. Our healthcare and packaging business, speed, last year, I think was in the neighborhood of $4.1 billion, $4.2 billion. And I would guess, as we exit this year, health care and packaging, we'll be bumping up against $5 billion. And I think we'll continue to see good solid growth in that area for the next two to three years.  In terms of the $600 million of cash flow it's another number that I feel really good about and on the surface. Maybe it's a little bit confusing, because EBITDA is going up and margins are going up. So why wouldn't cash flow go up? We have been working diligently to continue to shape the portfolio. Our number one focus as our leadership team is cash flows and management over the next two, three, four years. I think if we ever get to a point where as a leadership team, we decide not to grow the company. That would be a perilous thing to do and makes no sense to us as long as we're adding good quality business, again, attached to secular trends that allow us to continue to expand margins, as we look at '22 and '23. So if I take you back to the beginning of the year, we said we do $26.5 billion, $27 billion in revenue. Now we're bumping up against $28 billion, $28.5 billion. And with the additional top line with the way the teams managing working capital, the way the team's managing CapEx, and then Mike alluded to the fact that we were going to complete our buyback authorization by August 31 of the year.  So I think we're being well balanced in terms of both capital investments, OpEx investments and shareholders. I feel good about the $600 million plus. And then we'll give an update to what I think you should anticipate is stronger cash flows as we get into the Investor Day in September. 
Mark Mondello: I don't know that it's structural to our industry. I hope so. I think if our competition can lock in higher margins that's always good but we're pretty inwardly focused, Paul. I think about first and foremost we obsess about customer care and customer solutions. And I think, if we don't get that out of order, Paul, and we continue to obsess about our customers and what they need in solving their issues; the financials will follow. If I step back and I look at this fiscal year, I was noticing something over the weekend, this will be along with the margin trajectory, I think this would be the first year we've ever had in the history of the company, if we execute, and that's a big capital, if but if we execute, we're going to string together four consecutive quarters where every single quarter is at or exceeds $1 per share. And that just kind of jumped off the page. But in terms of margin expansion, you asked about is it structural? I think so. That's our plan and that's what will allow us to take margins up from the 4.2%, as we get into next year.  And I think about everything from our balance sheet, if you take a look at, and again, now I'm coming at it a little bit more from an EPS perspective. But since you asked the question around is it structural. Our balance sheet continues to improve, net debts going down, interest expense is going down. Overall, liquidity has gone up. And then I take a look at the business and I look at things like I think we have very, very good overhead and overhead costs, I think about overall demand, I think about the secular trends that we've talked about, sometimes that's a really, really overused term. But we are truly embedded in so many of those markets, which I think are going to be around for the next two or three years. And then, the whole COVID thing, it's not behind us yet. But with the vaccine being here, we hope to have 70%, 80% of our employees globally have access to the vaccine over the next six to eight months. It's just and then I think lastly, and we've been talking about this for 10 to 12 quarters is the mix of our businesses as healthy as it's ever been.  So I think you shake all that stuff up together. And again, I take a look at the last couple years margins have been around 3.5%. I think that there's a real opportunity here for us to, on a structural basis, increase margins by 100 basis points as we look forward after that 3.5% base.
Mark Mondello: I think it starts with absolute clarity, communication to the troops internally. You know, I can tell you this, I've been with the company a long time. Right screw things up is when I have stuff in my head with the leadership team and we don't communicate it to the group. What I can tell you and the reciprocal of that is when the group understands where we're going and why we're going there and what our purpose is there's no better team, there just isn't. And so people understand that there's two things that we're focused on for the next two, three, four years, and that's continued expansion of cash flows, and continued expansion and margins. And by the way, our portfolio, we kind of refer to as a portfolio for a reason. We have some business that might be a little softer on the margin side, but based on terms based on the business itself have tremendous cash flows. And we have other businesses that have tremendous margin, but maybe the working capital is a little richer, we have some of that in our healthcare, space and other areas. But when you blend all that together, I think there's just a picture here, that we're just starting to paint. And, again, we feel pretty good for the next two to three years.  To answer your question directly. We're just going to stay away from bad business. And you know that that could mean a variety of things. But I think internally people are pretty clear on what we're going to go after. Certainly, if we can go after business where there's going to be positive trends going forward. It's goodness for everybody. But I think I think the organization is pretty clear about the type of businesses we're not going to go after.
Mark Mondello: Shannon, I'd say and I don't want to be offensive by not getting into details. I would say this with a high degree of confidence. For sure, we're seeing stretch secular trends and trends that are very positive in terms of cloud and finally, what looks to be reasonable plans in terms of the 5G Wireless rollout. So that's going to be helpful. And we think that's here to stay for, not a number of months, but a number of years. And by the way, we think that's going to have all kinds of tangents tied to it as well, once the 5G rollout gets underway in terms of derivatives to other parts of our business. And then I think I complement that with saying, there's just been good acceptance of our solutions and our services in the space, both on the design side, I think Mike alluded to, he was using some fancy terms around, what we call a kind of designed to dust and repurposing older servers. And he did a nice job explaining it, but it sounds a little, I don't know, overly technical or whatever. But when we talk about the design side, all the way to repositioning and disposing of older hardware, kind of front to back, I think, Shannon, the solutions we have in that space. Again, it's still what I would call early days, but had been received quite well. And I would also suggest that there is some market share wins in there as well.
Mark Mondello: Yes, thanks. Let me break up the back half of '21 with '22 and '23. I can't make sense of the US equity markets anymore, because I don't know how they got detached from fundamentals in so many ways. I just think that when you put $4 trillion of stimulus into the system, and there's dollars everywhere, they got to go somewhere. I think that stimulus will be a bit of a driver for the next couple quarters, maybe into 1Q of '22. But the nice thing is, so as we navigate '21, I see two things. I see certain parts of our business being driven by what I would call COVID type behaviors, some of those will dissipate, some of those maintain. I see certain parts of our business that are stimulus-related. In certain parts of the United States right now, you go and you try to buy a truck or car, an appliance, whatever it may be; there is backlogs everywhere, and I think that's stimulus related. But as the impact of stimulus, and the impact of COVID start to attenuate a bit and fall off of it, I think what's right behind that is kind of -- no kidding, no nonsense secular trends. And again, Mike talked about it, I talked about it in our prepared remarks; and I think those specific trends certainly will be a driver for our business the next two, three, four years, so it's not like I'm sitting here going, geez, when stimulus abates [ph], when COVID types of hardware either go away or reduce -- that there is not going to be other elements that continue to give us a little bit of an uplift. So, I don't know if that helps or gets at your question, but that's how I see it.
Mark Mondello: Yes, sure. So the network storage business was around $2.8 billion in fiscal '20. September, we took that all the way down to $2.2 billion, and again, that's a reflection of a couple of things; it's a reflection of some of the legacy business may be starting to lose footing, and lose a little traction out in the marketplace. Number two is; again as we continue to think about our portfolio for fiscal '22 and '23, there are certain areas of that business that when we think about our overall invested capital, might not make sense for us any longer but the nice thing is, from the September timeframe to December timeframe, to today, we've actually been on a trajectory back up. So that's nothing more than, A) we have tremendous relationships with certain customers in that space; and we'll continue to serve those customers, serve them well; and as long as they'll have us, and appreciate the value we provide, we're all in. And -- so I -- again, I think about $2.8 billion in '20 to down $2.2 billion in the last -- I think December, and today we've taken it back up by $200 million roughly. And I would just look at -- I'd look at network and storage as a -- a very key element of our eight sector makeup. And I would say that even though in some of those businesses, margins might be tight, cash flows are quite good, so it's a very good complement to the other seven sectors.
Mark Mondello: Well, won't be much of a growth driver this year. We have to be very, very, very selective in our M&A. We are committed to returning capital to shareholders but at the same time, and I made this comment around growth; you know, if we ever get to a point where we're not growing the company, then shame on us, but we have to do so in a margin-friendly cash flow-friendly way, which is I think, what I hope this year's results will start to prove out. And as part of that the good news is, almost all of our material growth is organic which is the best growth to have by two magnitudes, but we will continue to complement that with select M&A activity, and for us to put some dollars in play with the acquisition you're talking about is a wonderful company with wonderful people and great leadership, a company called Ecologic. We are very excited about the platform that they've developed, and we always ask ourselves the question; when we're looking at acquisitions we start with culture alignment, we start with capability and competency, and then what are we going to do with the business when we own it strategically. We have a wonderful roadmap internally around sustainable packaging, and this is kind of a second or third step for us, we believe that we'll be able to take that technology, and as we look towards fiscal '22, fiscal '23, give that technology -- it's due in terms of further R&D, and then giving that technology exposure to maybe bigger brands that we support based on our balance sheet, our scale and our relationships.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Mark. You know, I -- geez [ph], I said earlier, we've -- we've certainly handicapped the business for Q3 and Q4, and I think our handicap has been appropriate. So I think that in and of itself might suggest that -- you know, if we didn't handicap the business, maybe margins would be 4.3% for the year, I wouldn't get much ahead of that. But I also mentioned earlier, Mark, the method to our madness in terms of supply chain management, it's wonderful. And just listening to others, either a few customers, suppliers or folks in our industry, we're navigating this thing beautifully, and it's a tough deal but the impact to us, I think will be minimal on a relative basis. And again, as we sit here today, we had a debrief from our entire procurement team last week, and we feel like this thing will start to show levels of relief, as we get into 1Q of 2022 and for sure, as we get into calendar 2022. So to frame out that timeframe, call it September, October, November timeframe; we'll start seeing relief. And then I think things will be back to more normal conditions, call it January, February, March of 2022. With that said, again, we gave the guidance we gave to today for Q3 and Q4, and I suddenly feel confident. And as I mentioned earlier, when you look at margins at 4.2 [ph] for the year, I think -- I think we're going to continue to effort to have an upward trajectory of that as we get into 2022, even with considerations of near-term supply changes.
Mark Mondello: I think it's a part right [ph] to think that we'll set up automotive factories. The capital intensity, that is enormous, and I don't want our people focused away from what we do really, really well which is sensors, components, sub-assemblies for the entire automotive space; and thank you for the compliment on that, we do have a very good track record in automotive. One of the strategic decisions we made two and a half, three years ago was -- is all hands on in terms of really focusing hard on electrification and EV, not just with automobiles but all the transportation; and I think that -- I think that decision is paying dividends to us. When you think about the term electrification, that would suggest right in our core and the R&D dollars and the investments we've made in that area have been substantial; so I feel pretty good about how we're positioned there, and we'll see how that plays out for '22 and '23. If I had to speculate, make a little bit of a guess today; I think today we look at that the -- the H-sector [ph] chart and -- in FY '20 automotive transport was about $1.7 billion, in September we took that up to $1.9 billion. We're sitting here today saying it will be a bit over $2.2 billion. And I would -- if I had to venture a guess today, I would say the trajectory of that sector as we move through '22 is going to continue to be up and to the right. Thank you.
