Beth Walters: Thank you. Welcome to our fourth quarter of 2014 earnings call. Joining me today are CEO Mark Mondello and our Chief Financial Officer, Forbes Alexander. This call is being recorded and will be posted for audio playback on the Jabil website, jabil.com, in the Investors section.  Our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2014 press release, slides, and corresponding webcast links are also available on our website. In these materials, you will find the financial information that we will cover during this conference call. We ask that you follow our presentation with the slides on the website, beginning with Slide 2, our forward-looking statement. During this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements, including those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business, our currently expected first quarter of fiscal 2015 net revenue and earnings results, the financial performance for the company and our long-term outlook for the company.  These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions, involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2013, on subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K and our other securities filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.\ Today’s call will begin with opening remarks from Mark. We will then move on to fourth quarter and fiscal year results as well as guidance on our fourth fiscal quarter of 2014 from Forbes. We will then open it up to questions from call attendees. But for now, I will now turn the call over to Mark.
Beth Walters: Great. Thank you, Forbes and Mark. Operator, we are just about ready to begin our question and answer session. Before we do, I’d like to remind all of our call participants that in customary fashion, we will not be addressing any customer or product specific questions out of respect for our customers and their respective businesses. So with that, thank you for your cooperation, and we’re ready to begin, operator. 
Beth Walters: Okay, thank you everyone for joining us on the call today. Appreciate you taking the time, and we’ll be available for the rest of the week to answer any follow up questions you might have. Thank you.
Mark Mondello: The program ramps are all over the map. I talked about that, I think, in the last call. So I would characterize the program ramps as having different characteristics as far as time buckets and product lifecycles. So 80% of them will have an impact to FY15, a fairly material impact, I would characterize. And I would say upwards of 70% to 80% of them will have some level of impact into fiscal year 2016. And then there’s some development programs run again that I would imagine will have life cycles in the three to five year range. 
Mark Mondello: I think you’re spot on. If you’re looking at modeling 2015 as we sit today in the mid threes, I think that’s appropriate. And as I mentioned in my prepared comments, we are working like heck to get our margins back to 4%. I think I would keep your models in the mid threes for FY 2015, at least for now. And that’s driven by a couple of different things. Number one is we’re coming off of a tough year. The team’s worked hard. I’ve talked a lot about their accomplishments. We have normalized a vast majority of our overhead costs based on some of the issues and decisions that were made in 2014, but we’re not fully there yet. So that will have a little bit of negative pressure on margins for 2015. And the other part is we’re seeing reasonably strong revenues for fiscal year 2015, and when we think about the strength of the business overall, we are going to go ahead and continue to make some investments and take on some development work in FY 2015 as well. So said another way, if we chose not to do any of that, I would guess that our operating margins for the year might be at 4%, but I don’t think that’s the right decision for the business over the long term. 
Mark Mondello: Let me start with your first question, which was around reporting structure. So, we felt like the timing was good to align the reporting structure at the beginning of the fiscal year with exactly how we’re running the business.  So when we think about it, as CEO of the company, I look at the business in two buckets. I look at it as our EMS business and then our business that’s clearly not EMS-based. So, heavily around our Nypro brand and our Green Point brand. So, (a) it made a lot of sense for us to start reporting the business in the manner in which it’s run for this fiscal year. The other reason is, and what I tried to capture in my prepared comments, is the environments continue to change, and our businesses, again, are distinctly different. So I thought it appropriate to run the business and report the business based on attributes and characteristics to which they operate. So, again, as I said in the prepared comments, there’s a certain set of attributes and go-to-market strategies for our EMS business that are much, much different than the businesses that we take on for Green Point and/or Nypro. So that’s what drove the decision, and I’m glad we’re doing it, because, again, it ends up allowing us to report the business in the exact fashion to which we manage it and run it. Organizationally, there’s really no major organizational changes. One or two levels below myself, we have a management team that continues to take a hard look at the business in many different buckets. We’ll continue to do so. When you run a business like ours, with the margin structure that we have, we have to keep track of every nickel, and that’s done only by taking a hard look at managing the business in small bites, if you will. In regards to your question on taking revenue up, I don’t know where you’re getting that from. There’s a data point, I believe back in our March call, where there may have been a question around, when we first came out with the $1.65 to $1.95 number, I think there was a question around what revenue we were thinking about for the EPS range for 2015.
Mark Mondello: I don’t remember whether I gave the answer or Forbes gave the answer, but I think we gave an answer on or about $16.5 billion give or take a bit. Today, we’re giving a midpoint of $17.25 billion, something like that.  So if that’s what you’re referring to, my commentary would be, again, we still haven’t normalized all of our overhead costs. I would remind you that as we went into fiscal year 2014, before we had some of the issues that took place, we had overhead and infrastructure both around our execution and operations and strategy to support a $18 billion, $18.5 billion, $19 billion business. Some of that overhead we’ve taken out of the company. Some of that overhead, I think it would be unwise to remove. I see that overhead structure normalizing as we get into fiscal year 2016, maybe sooner. But I wouldn’t model that. And then in addition, we’re seeing good strength in the business, and as I outlined in the prepared comments, I think it’s quite wise for us to make some of the investments we’re choosing to make.
Mark Mondello: Brian, I could have this wrong, but I think our high velocity margins longer term, yeah, they were 2% to 4%. Enterprise infrastructure, I think, was 3% to 4%, if I have that right. And then industrial was in the diversified range. If you take a look at that at a blended, kind of weighted average, I feel comfortable with the 2% to 4% range for the entire EMS mix.
Mark Mondello: Sure. I would caution you, again, you know, we’ve given some ranges for the year, and we’ve given fairly discrete guidance for Q1. But in an effort to answer your question and help you with your models, if you will, our DMS business, especially the Green Point business - and I’ve talked about this for the last year - it’s great business, it has some volatility built in.  So, again, there’s always risk in getting too cute with giving direction on how we shape out the business, but as we sit today, I think what Forbes talked about was kind of a midpoint for Q1 of about $150 million of core operating profits. If you model some seasonality similar to fiscal year 2013, from Q1 to Q2, and then you assume that the back half of the year was modestly higher than the first half of the year, I think that would be appropriate for your models as we sit today. 
Mark Mondello: The ramps I would characterize altogether as quite good. And again, I think that’s reflected in the confidence we’ve offered in the full year guidance. As far as, I think it was Mark that asked the question earlier, our program ramps have all different tails to them. So, again, we won’t get into those details. Some of them will go beyond 2015, and some of them will have three to five year product life cycles with them.
Mark Mondello: Well, I think we addressed that somewhat in a prior question. There’s going to be some seasonality. Please, if I don’t answer correctly, I’ll try to restate the answer. There’s going to be some seasonality, we believe, in going from Q1 to Q2. So we feel pretty good about Q1, and there’ll be some seasonality to Q2. And again, if you take a look at a little bit of the shape of our earnings from 2013, I think that may help. And I would believe that, again, with that shape, the back half of the year has potential to be marginally higher than the first half.
Mark Mondello: Let me clarify a little bit. I think what I said was I think it’s appropriate to model around mid-3% range for FY 2015. And to get there, I think we can get there with the guidance we’ve provided for the full fiscal year. I also said in the prepared remarks that, again, there was a lot of work done in fiscal year 2014. This year, it’s about optimizing the business and growing the business. And I think if we’re successful in that, we end up normalizing our overhead. I think a 4% range beyond FY 2015 is very achievable. 
Mark Mondello: We’re seeing growth from both, and that’s one of the things that has us excited. We’re seeing growth from both the Green Point side and the Nypro side. 
Mark Mondello: Let’s break that down a little bit. There was a lot of information there in the question. So let’s start with the customer wins. We won’t discuss those, and most of those wins were booked in 2014, and the vast majority will have some level of impact to us in 2015. But I would say that from a materiality standpoint, from a customer account perspective, most of the impact will be in 2016 and 2017, as far as magnitude of profit dollars.
Mark Mondello: Prospects for both are good. There are certain parts of our EMS business where the business is flat and not growing. But as I said in my prepared comments, it’s intriguing to me that as we see so many different technologies starting to converge so quickly, things like sensors, things like the additional bandwidth in wireless, things like cloud-based functions, things like appliances connecting to the internet, things going on in automotive. The opportunities that we’re seeing are exciting.  As far as the diversified space, I’d say the same thing. We’ve got great opportunities in lifestyles, wearables. Our mobility business is strong. And then our Nypro team, it’s, again, fascinating to me to see what they’re doing in the areas of packaging, what they’re doing in the areas of smart packaging, what they’re doing in the areas of pharmaceuticals, what they’re doing in the areas of overall med devices. So again, the opportunities we have are widespread.
Mark Mondello: We see pricing pressure every day. I would characterize it as the pricing pressure we’re seeing is very consistent with what we’ve seen in the last two to three years. It’s always there, and I would characterize it as intense. For me, it’s just a different degree of intenseness. It never goes away.
Forbes Alexander: For the fourth quarter, it was pretty broad-based, actually. We were a little bit surprised, but you’re right, it was about $100 million above where we’d anticipated coming into the quarter. But I would say it was pretty broad-based across the areas we serve, the telecommunications, networking, and the storage areas.
Forbes Alexander: Let me take the last bit first. There’s an amount of shared capacity clearly across the corporation. And as we certainly ramp into our Chengdu facility also, that will be shared capacity across the corporation. In terms of cash flows, we weren’t going to report a specific cash flow basis, but as we move forward here, we’ll obviously be reporting the asset position of each of these segments, as we are required to do that in our filings. But specifically, we’re not going to focus on the cash flow reporting there. As we move forward into the fiscal year, I will endeavor to provide you guidance in terms of our capex. I think that’s appropriate, as we see where we’re making our investments, and see what the growth profile of that business is.
Forbes Alexander: At this stage, what we’re seeing is about $350 million to $450 million on an overall basis. But certainly, given the growth trajectory and the level of complexity, I would weight the capex more towards the diversified manufacturing services segment than the EMS segment.
Forbes Alexander: In terms of the seasonality, I would expect the dominant piece of seasonality to be within the diversified manufacturing segment. There will be some within the electronic manufacturing segment, but I would say the dominant piece would be within diversified. Then in terms of your follow up question, in terms of the cash flows, we expect another strong year in operating cash flow, $7 million to $8 million, capex $400 million at its midpoint. So at least $350 million, $400 million of free cash flow.  You know, we’ll continue to appropriately measure what we do there. We’re obviously in a growth mode here, so we’d like to make some tuck-in acquisitions in terms of capabilities throughout the balance of the year. That is part of our growth and capability strategy. So certainly want to leave some room for that. And we’re committed to our dividend as we move through the fiscal year, and we’ll see where we go from there. But certainly we’re in good shape as we move through the year here. 
Forbes Alexander: In terms of margin in DMS, certainly with the guidance we’ve provided for the first fiscal quarter, sequentially up 30%, we would certainly expect great opportunity to be in that range of guidance, 5% to 7%, actually, in the first quarter. You know, things are going well, and certainly we would expect to be in the range of the guidance for each of the quarters of fiscal 2015.
Forbes Alexander: The majority of the growth that we’re seeing, certainly within diversified manufacturing, is new program ramps. Mark, in his prepared remarks, did talk to multiple ramps, developments and ramps going on. So it’s predominantly new ramps that’s showing in that growth. As we look at the full year, from a company-wide perspective, overall, markets seem to be pretty stable. We saw a little bit of an uptick in Q4 there. I think that will be more normalized as we move into the fourth calendar quarter, if you will. So I characterize it as end markets being stable and these new ramps that we’ve been investing in providing the majority of the growth as we move through fiscal 2015.
Forbes Alexander: So, first of all, the net capex in fiscal 2014 was $460 million. We did accelerate acceptance of buildings in particular, in China, into Q4, to prepare for some ramps in 2015 here. So if you look at the [unintelligible], if you will, of spend last year, I think there was somewhere in the region of $250 million on physical footprint, so buildings, lease holds, associated with that. So that prepares us very, very nicely for 2015 and into 2016. So that gives me a level of confidence in the $350 million to $450 million on an overall net basis, looking at 2015. And there will be some minor equipment disposals, just very routine operational stuff, in 2015. But kind of on the midpoint of about 400. As I said in an earlier reply to an earlier question, on the split of that capex, I would expect it certainly to be more weighted towards the diversified area. A lot of development work going on there, a lot of program ramps in process, both across healthcare, pharma, food groups, and obviously across the broader Green Point area. There will be some incremental capex in the electronic manufacturing services arena. We do expect that to grow on a year over year basis, within the targeted range of zero to 5%. So expect some there, but the majority to go on the diversified side.
