Beth Walters: Thank you very much. Welcome to our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2015 earnings call. Joining me today are CEO, Mark Mondello; and our Chief Financial Officer, Forbes Alexander. This call is being recorded and will be posted for audio playback on the Jabil website at jabil.com in the Investors section. Our fourth quarter press release, slides and corresponding webcast links are also available on our website. In these materials, you will find the financial information that we will cover during this conference call. We ask that you follow our presentation with the slides on the website, beginning with Slide 2, our forward-looking statement. During this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements, including those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business, our currently expected first quarter and fiscal 2016 net revenue and earnings results, the financial performance for the company and our long-term outlook for the company. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2014, on subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K and our other securities filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Today’s call will begin with our fourth fiscal quarter results and guidance for our fiscal first quarter of 2016 from Forbes. And then Mark will offer his observations on 2015 and outlook for 2016. Following Mark’s comments, we will open it up to questions from the call attendees. I would now like to turn the call over to Forbes.
Beth Walters: Before we begin the Q&A session, I’d like to remind our call participants that in customary fashion, we will not be able to address any customer or product specific questions, as I’m sure you can appreciate. Thank you for your cooperation. With that, operator, we’re ready to take questions.
Beth Walters: Excellent. Thank you, everyone, for joining us on the call today and for your questions and participation in the call. As always we will be available for any follow-up questions and inquiries that you have regarding our performance and our outlook. So thank you again for joining us and have a good evening.
Mark Mondello: I’m sorry. Can you – could you speak up a little bit. We’re having a really difficult time hearing you.
Mark Mondello: Yes, so I don’t really look at that business so much quarter-to-quarter as I do year-on-year. So I don’t know if I characterize it as a bottom, but consistent with my prepared remarks I think our EMS business in fiscal year 2015 did in the neighborhood of $10.8 billion, something like that. And I do feel comfortable that our EMS business will grow at a minimum of 5% year-on-year. So I think the outlook is – again, we’re cautious because there’s a lot of uncertainty in the marketplace. But based on some of the secular trends I talked about, specifically the EMS, we feel good about the outlook for fiscal year 2016.
Mark Mondello: Steve, let me try to break that down into two parts and if I don’t answer your question come back to me please. The first part was, I think something around our outlook for 2016 in EPS. I think in prior calls and communications we talked about the fact that we’re efforting to a 20% growth on core EPS. And at a time, we had anticipated our core EPS for 2015 to be on or about $2 a share. We delivered $2.07 a share and what we’re talking about now in – both in my prepared comments and Forbes’ prepared comments is a 25% growth on the $2.07, which I think gets in the $2.58 to $2.60 range for FY 2016. In regards to CapEx, I don’t know that we’ve spoken formally about any range of CapEx for FY 2016, and at least prior to this call and what Forbes and I are communicating in this call is that, we think our CapEx range is going to be somewhere $800 million to $1 billion this year. And as Forbes stated in his prepared comments, there is a chart in the appendix of our formal slide presentation that gives you a bit of a breakdown of how we anticipate that to be spent.
Mark Mondello: We can’t. I’m not going to give you a breakdown in that. What I did say in my prepared comments is that, we again serve a lot of different markets in our DMS sector, our segment. So everything from various parts of healthcare to packaging to mobility and wearable type of technologies and accessories, so again, it’s a combination of all of that.
Mark Mondello: Yes, I won’t – it’s – I won’t go too close to that question, because, again, I’m sensitive to our biggest customer. But I think a simple way to look at it is, when I talk and I talk often about diversification. It’s really not about diversification around the brands we serve, it’s really round diversification of the products that we built in the end markets that those products serve. So, I guess, I just leave it at that. I think from the DMS perspective and an EMS perspective, in combination, we serve about 230 different brands and thousands of different products. And as we move into 2016, we’re probably as diverse as we’ve ever been as a company.
Mark Mondello: Brian, this is Mark. I don’t think it signals anything. It’s a great question. But it doesn’t really signal anything. We see strength across a good portion of all of our businesses. It’s really about the infrastructure that we have in place from prior investments, as well as operational efficiencies and productivity.
Mark Mondello: I mean, I’ll take a swing at that and then Forbes can chime in if I miss anything. But I think it’s simple. You know how – you know historically how the shape of our DMS business is. As we talked about in the March call and the June call, the back-half of our fiscal year, because of how our fiscal year situated is pretty significant investments as we prepare for a variety of product ramps in different investments. So the revenue is strong, but we also had a lot of investments. And the nice thing is I think the returns were getting both in the CapEx and the OpEx investments are coming through in FY 2016 based on our Q1 guidance and the full-year guidance.
Mark Mondello: Can you repeat that? Amit, you were hard to hear. It’s important, because you were making some comments and I’m not sure I caught all of them about some correlation between some number and our biggest customer.
Mark Mondello: Yes, so now I heard you loud and clear, so thank you. Again, I don’t pay much attention to concentration issues around brands. I pay attention to concentration around risk. And I think we stated that Apple was a 24% customer, that’s public information. But one of the things that we spend a lot of time thinking about is, selecting partners with incredibly innovative management teams, and how do we manage risk and how do we manage concentration around that risk. And, I guess, I just leave it at that, because commenting about our biggest customer, we love them as a customer. They’re very innovative, and they’re playing a significant number of different areas and markets.
Mark Mondello: Sure, Steve. Yes, so Plasticos Castella, as I said in my prepared remarks really give us a presence now in Europe. If you recall somewhere a couple of years ago, we acquired Nypro, which houses our healthcare business and our rigid plastic business. So Plasticos really complements back rigid packaging side and really gives us a foothold now in Europe, Nypro really being a North American acquisition a couple of years ago. So we’re very excited about the addition of this. It brings both some new customers and some complement – yes, complementing European divisions of existing customers, and really helps us in the thin-wall plastic area in particular, and access to food and beverage type products throughout Europe. As I said, the purchase price about $110 million and it’s relatively modest in terms of our revenue expectations over the next year. But think of it in the $100 million to $125 million type range and just say there’s a full year baked in there on our guidance.
Mark Mondello: I won’t go into details or highlight it. But, absolutely, we are leading with a lot around where elastomers and material science is for sure.
Mark Mondello: Yes. Okay, I understand your question. Good question by the way. I think the way we look at it is, our EMS business has the vast majority of our customers. And as I think it was answering one of Sherri’s questions when I was talking about the fact that it’s made up of different divisions. With that said, there is a lot of uncertainty in the world today, it’s all over the place, and there’s a lot of uncertainty in the financial markets, and there’s a lot of uncertainty about who is going to get elected in the U.S. and on and on and on. So we try to consider all that when we’re talking about our business certainly on these calls. So when we kind of put all that together given consideration, take a look at our approach, take a look at what’s in the pipeline, and what type of solutions we’re bringing forward, we kind of stir all that up and that’s what led us to talk about the fact that we think we can take the $10.8 billion we did in FY 2015 and grow that by 5% in FY 2016.
Forbes Alexander: Yes, in dollars there’s some slight increases year-over-year, but in percentage terms you’ll see some leverage as we’re growing the top line in another, what, 14%, 15% next year. So I think modeling the 4% to 4.2% is a reasonable guidance at this juncture.
Forbes Alexander: Hey, Matt, this is Forbes. Yes, let me answer about it for you. I think, you’ve characterized it pretty well. I’d ask you to think both the shape of this year, while it’s early, similar, which is really what you were describing to fiscal 2015, would maybe just a little bit more first-half weighted, as we’re seeing some pretty explosive growth here in DMS, as we’re moving into the first fiscal quarter. So, I think, that’s their characterization.
Forbes Alexander: Hey, Brian, it’s Forbes. So I think it’s very similar to last year. In that you certainly see six-plus in the first-half of the year. As we’ve noted, we’re continuing some capital investments in the – that will come into fruition as we move into 2017 for continued growth. So there will continue to be investments in the back-half. So think of it as those higher-margins in the first-half of the year and then those lower margins in the back-half. I don’t want to get too close to specific numbers in the back-half yet. It’s early coming into the year. But certainly the year looks very bright as we continue to bring capacity online there. Then on the EMS side, we’re targeting – as we’ve been pretty consistent, messaging around 3% for the fiscal year and now businesses is in good shape with some growth in the back-half of the year on the revenue line there.
Forbes Alexander: Sherri, I’ll take a swing at that. I think that sometimes what gets lost is and we probably own this, we call that segment of our business EMS, and the EMS business today incorporates different divisions for us. So, again, I remind you, it has our telco, it has our networking, research, some incredible brands. It’s got storage. We serve some incredible brands. Some of the legacy brands they’re absolutely not standing still. So they see some of the shifts in the market. The shifts in how data is stored, how data is transmitted, and we’re right there with them as far as some different innovative solutions. The second area of that business is our high velocity business. And our high velocity business arguably has one of our largest customer counts of any of the businesses in the company, and that cuts across an endless number of different end markets. And then the last area of EMS is industrial. And it’s not only industrial as a whole, but it’s light industrial, heavy industrial, and then energy, and that also is loaded up with a significant number of companies and brands. So when you take a look at it at that level, again, you combine that with the customer count, the brands we serve, and then some of the trends I talked about in my prepared comments around the fact that, we are in a secular trend of a lot of different hardware and a lot of different aspects of hardware being connected together, add that to what’s going on in the automotive space, add that to what’s going on in the cloud space, digitization, need for additional bandwidth, and that doesn’t even touch on some of the stuff we’re doing in high velocity or various parts of our industrial business. So that’s where we get some confidence that year-on-year, we will grow EMS at 5% or greater.
Forbes Alexander: Yes, I think for modeling purposes, I’d use that midpoint of 3%, as we continue. In the back-half, we are expecting some ramps, but I think with efficiencies, we’ll certainly be around that midpoint.
Forbes Alexander: Okay. Jim, I’ll take a swing at the two. So in terms of the acquisition in our rigid packaging area, you’re correct in terms of that revenue range of $100 million, $120 million for the year. So we’re very pleased with that. And, that will be neutral to modestly accretive for the fiscal year, so not a huge driver in terms of our revised outlook or our outlook for 2016, but certainly, very, very complementary and we’re looking forward to growing that business of the European footprint as we move through 2016 into 2017. In terms of the CapEx, the midpoint of the guide this year, $900 million, you’re correct, in terms of those levels being consistent year-over-year. As we move forward, it is very much – I wouldn’t say to you it is $900 million consistently year-over-year. This $400 million – of the $900 million this year, approximately $400 million is maintenance, which is really the type of level I see going forward for that replacement cycle based on the broad base of assets that we have in place. This fiscal year, if you refer to the detail we provided, we’re adding another $250 million worth of capacity and infrastructure. And what that really equates to is about another, what, 2 million to 3 million square feet of operational capacity. We’re growing the company in mid-teens. They’re closer to mid-teens in terms of revenue. We need to make sure that we have appropriate capacity in place to be able to meet customer demands that we’re seeing. So it’s a bit of a longwinded answer to say, no, don’t bank on $900 million a year. It’s around about $400 million a year in terms of maintenance levels. And clearly as we move into 2017, assuming we’re at maintenance levels, you’re going to see an excess of $1 billion in what I call free cash flow, operational cash flow less of that CapEx.
