Mark Mondello: Sure, Ruplu? I think, what I’d prefer to do is get into some of that detail during our discussion in September. I mentioned on the prepared remarks, even in this crazy environment, we’re going to do our best to get together with all investors in September and at least just let you know how we’re thinking about everything for fiscal ‘21. On the surface today, I’d be careful not to -- and I know you didn’t mean this, but for the group, right, I’d be careful not to interchange DMS with JGP. Our DMS business, again, is -- got a number of components to it. I would -- if I had to think about what we may say in September is, with the shape of our Green Point business, with the shape of mobility, with our significant diversification inside of JGP. And then, you add to it the tremendous growth we’ve had in the health care packaging side, I would say over time that maybe some of the cyclicality you saw in the business specific to DMS two, three years ago will flatten out a bit.
Mark Mondello: I’d characterize it this way, just so just have some relativity. If let’s say, pre COVID, let’s say the supply chain activity behavior pre COVID December-January timeframe was a 10, I think we hit our biggest, divot probably in the March-April timeframe, I’d call that maybe a 5 to 6. I’d say today, we’re back to an 8 or 9. And I think it stays there until we get to the backside of COVID, whenever that is.
Mark Mondello: All right. Adam, I’ll take a shot at it and if I don’t get it right, come back at me. So, I think, pre-COVID, so let’s take -- let’s go way back to September. In September, I think we said for FY20, we do $960 million in core income, then I think in the December call, we took that up to $980 million, if I remember correctly. And today, we’re sitting with the model, if you take midpoint of Q4, we’re about $805 million, something like that, give or take. So, if I go back -- let's not go back all the way to September, I don’t think that’s fair because we took the numbers up in December. So, go to the December number, call it $980 million, today we’re at $805 million, the delta’s 175. And I think in my prepared remarks, I said that COVID-related costs would be -- for the year, would be a 160 to 170. So, the gap between December and now, 175, COVID related, call it 160 to 170. The rest of it is almost immaterial and a bunch of puts and takes, and noise. In terms of the COVID expense specifically, we talked a little bit about this in March when we talked about a $53 million charge in February alone. I think the nice thing that is happening here is the March call we did -- we had a $53 million charge to COVID, largely in partial February. So, on a monthly basis, we were -- COVID was costing us $60 million, $65 million a month. Then we moved to April, May, June timeframe. I think, Mike alluded to it, in Q3, COVID was about $60 million, give or take. And then, I think Mike in his prepared remarks was suggesting that COVID for Q4 would be $50 million. So, the nice thing is, touch wood, today, trends coming down a bit. I think that has to do with the fact that we’re becoming more optimized in our process and protocols, getting people in and out of factories. By the way, with our number one objective is at all of our factories keeping them safe. And then, how those costs break out, Adam, is we have direct costs which is largely around our protocols, temperature testing, PPE around all of our factories, very consistent to our COVID playbook, again, protocols, processes. Then we’ve had some disruptions in 3Q in terms of either government shutting down factories, states shutting down factories. Where we’ve had some confirmed COVID cases, we closed our factories until we can get testing completed. Through all that, we’re paying the idle labor. I think that’s the right thing to do in this time and place. And then also, we’re just -- just general pockets of disruption. So, today, our entire factory networks running at call it 90%, 95% and I think revenue reflects that. But, that could lead to the question of Gee, factory networks seem to be running at a normalized pace, why still the COVID costs? And the truth is, 3Q and we anticipate in 4Q, we’ll still have some one-off pockets of disruption, and we’ve kind of tried to handicap that as best we could for the fourth quarter.
Mark Mondello: Let’s talk about that in September. And I say that not -- I don’t want to be evasive. Okay? But, man, our team is a bit tired, but boy -- and I talked about it in my prepared remarks intentionally. Our frontline workers are the folks at the factories. I’m always proud of our folks. The folks we have on the factory floor today dealing with this stuff every hour, every day, what they’ve done and given us the ability to -- at the beginning of the year, Adam, we talked about revenue being $26 billion. In December, we took that up to like $26.5 billion, $26.7 billion. And if we’re fortunate enough that the world doesn’t go completely haywire in the next 60 to 75 days, and we’re close to the midpoint of guidance for 4Q, we’ll do over $26 billion this year. I think, the numbers are coming in around $26.2 billion. That’s all -- that’s all our people at factories who are just amazing to me, especially through all this, because they are exhausted. I think what we’ll try to do our best is, in September and I refrained or stayed away from in my prepared remarks, I forget exactly what I said, but I didn’t really call it a formal Investor Day, because I just don’t know what the world’s going to look, either it is as Mike or Adam. But we felt like it’s important in September to go beyond a normal earnings call and try to lay out for you in a very descriptive way, how we see the world and we’ll provide you a fairly comprehensive assumption set. Man, I think -- and I say this all the time, and I said it for the four or five-year journey we’ve been on, the Company is diversified and our diversification in terms of our top-line, it’s somewhat kind of the main deal here in allowing us to hold revenue at what I think is a very, very solid level, all things considered. And again, in the most simplistic terms and you alluded to this with the opening of your question, which is, if COVID would have never occurred, I think sitting here as a leadership team, we feel very good that we would have delivered the 980.
Mark Mondello: Okay. So, I’ll give it my best. I think -- I don’t recall, I think it was the September call where we were in this trade tariff deal. That was kind of the headlines of the day and then COVID took over and trade tariffs just kind of taken the backseat, at least in terms of headlines. I believe what we said is, is there would be some cost -- our budgeting, if you will, for FY20 had suggested that the first half of ‘20, there was cost in there around trade tariffs as some customers were looking to hedge China. Not a lot of customers were leaving China. In fact, as we sit today, not a lot of customers that left China. We’ve had a number of customers that had hedged China on new products. And that’s played out largely as we thought, give or take. So then, COVID hit. And I would say, everything’s been in a little bit of lockup in terms of conversations with customers strategically because customers are just trying to figure out which way is up as are we. So, I -- if I had to think about maybe the discussion in September that’s a little bit more strategic, I would say not a lot changed since what we said September of 2019, at the beginning of this year. I think people will be a little bit more cautious in terms of having their product built as single site. That could be trade tariffs. That could be just because that could be because of Mother Nature concerns. I don’t know how much of that links to COVID. The good news and all that Jim is boy oh boy, I’m a real believer that there’s a lot of stuff that will need to be built that few of us on the planet today that have large scale have a huge advantage. I put our footprint in that for sure. Mike talked about our balance sheet and the liquidity we have in terms of continuing to invest and then just overall leveraging supply chain. So, as these dynamics ebb and flow, as they change, I think we’re in a reasonably good position.
Mark Mondello: Okay. I would -- so I think what you asked is, is kind of a breakdown to DMS strengths, weaknesses. I would say, tactically and maybe strategically, depending on how the whole new world order is post-COVID, both Mike and I spoke in our prepared remarks on I think companies are going to do things a bit differently going forward. I had the good fortune to talk to lots of our customers and their CEOs and lots of conversation around, geez, are you going to travel as much, are you going to conduct business the same? I think, our new normal as a proxy is I don’t want to give one inkling of -- as I said in my prepared remarks, care and intimacy for customers. So, I think that’s where we’ll spend our travel dollars. I think, net-net, our travel dollars on an annual basis have come down. I think, we’ll use more digital tools. I bring all of that up because I think when it comes to our mobility business and our edge device business, and people using digital tools and working remotely for an extended period of time, I think that business will be in relatively good shape. And then, health care and packaging, both with our strategic plan around health care, and then with doing some PPE, I think we’re getting a little bit of an extra boost there. I don’t remember the exact numbers, but if you, for lack of better word on the chart that we provided in September, the blue green chart, I think, we had health care packaging for FY19 as just a little over $3 billion. And now the health care packaging is a little over $4 billion. And I would say, if things continue to go well for us, I see health care and packaging at a number greater than the 4 or $4.2 billion that you might see on the charts today.
Mark Mondello: Yes. I would say, from our observations, so don’t take this is -- again, a data point for the industry, but from our vantage point, elective surgery demand was down. I don’t think that’s any secret. I think that -- but yet on a net-net basis, we saw strength in health care. So, what you could surmise from that is there was a strong offset to our health care business. So, elective surgery demand down, both PPE and other areas of our health care were actually greater than the downtick we saw in elective surgeries on a net-net basis for 3Q. Here’s what’s interesting. I think an observation might be, geez, over time, maybe the PPE starts to fall off a little bit. How does that impact health care? Again, we’ll talk about that in September. But, I also believe that there’s going to be a significant pent up demand for elective surgeries, because a lot of these elective surgeries don’t go away, just logistically people can’t get them done in the middle of COVID. So the puts and takes on that are, if you look at our health care packaging business for fiscal ‘18, then you move to ‘19, then you move to ‘20, ‘21 and ‘22, I think that sector of our business is on a really good trajectory.
Mark Mondello: So, in terms of margins in health care, I think, we talked about that in September. We talked about the addition, the wonderful strategic addition of JJMD. We gave you guys some color around that. If you go back and look at our comments in September, I think those still hold. So, we talked about a multiyear transition with JJMD, both with top line, bottom line margins. I think that is in -- tracking, likely expected in September. And I envision that tracking back on that same path as we move to fiscal ‘21 and ‘22. So net-net, I think that’s positive. In terms of our consumer packaging business, Brenda who runs that for us has a just a ton of experience. And, although that business historically in the big picture of Jabil hasn’t been overly material, I think it will be, not just thinking about top line, but bottom line, I think that has potential to be a margin-rich environment for us. And with Brenda and her team, the things they’re looking at is the stickiness and/or how to lead with technology and engineering in a market that in many ways is just simplistic molding. That’s not the area we’re playing in. So, if I think about the trajectory of that business, I’m every bit as bullish on that, if not more, than my bullishness around health care. And then, Steve, in terms of margins in general, obviously, margins this year have been handicapped by COVID. But, I think it was Adam who was asking the questions and prompting the discussion around, geez, top lines holding pretty good, again proxy for our diversification. If you can kind of handicap for the COVID cost, I think margins this year -- I think at the beginning of the year, we said that -- last year, last couple of years margins have been 3.4%, 3.5%. I think, net-net, COVID this year, if you adjust, I think this year we would have done, again the 3.6%, 3.7%. And we will talk in September about how we’re thinking about margins for ‘21. And I do recognize that we have a guidepost out there of the $4 a share and 4% that we’ll address that in another couple of months.
Mark Mondello: Areas I was surprised in, I would say that the uptick we had around COVID directly for health care was probably stronger than we anticipated, if we go back to the March call. Is that sustainable? I think, it’s going to be sustainable for a while at some point that runs its course, starts to fall off. But then my comment about elective surgeries and things that are pent-up, I think feel a little bit of that pivot. So, maybe that was a little bit of a surprise. Our cloud business was kind of as expected. We saw good continued strength there. But, that was more on the expected side. I would say, the other area of surprise for us, or at least speaking for me, I don’t want to speak for the whole management team is, I think, maybe we underestimated how broad based this digital learning, digital schools and video conferencing would be, especially when you consider COVID, you just grossly underestimate the impact of the whole world. And I don’t think that’s going to be so temporary. So, I mentioned it in one of the responses earlier. So, in terms of our edge device business, things that -- anything to do with people communicating differently, I think as human beings, connection is really, really important. So, people are going to want to -- whether it’s augmented reality, WebEx, Microsoft Teams, Zoom, whatever tools people are using, they’re going to want to have tools that continue to advance and allow them to have a level of really good human connection. So, any device that has to do with that being maybe part of the new normal, I thought -- I think we saw some upside in that in 3Q. I think, we’ll continue to see some strength in that in the fourth quarter. And, my guess is, that strength will carry on through ‘21 and beyond.
Mark Mondello: I would never -- as we sit today, never characterized 3D as a nice to have. I think 3D additive is finally that technology -- forget about COVID, I think that technology is a secular trend in certain areas. And I think we’re going to be leaning hard into that, especially in areas of health care, defense and aerospace, and automotive to start.
Mark Mondello: It’s got nothing to do with any of that. So, throughout my long time at Jabil, we go through different pockets in the Company where growth rates change, they’re up, they’re down. We went through a significant growth for nearly doubling the size of the company over a fairly short period of time. I think every four or five years, I think it’s important for leadership teams to really reflect on what’s worked well, what hasn’t worked well. What we can do better; said differently, being adaptable and flexible to change. I think, our org structure that we had in place the last four, five, six years has served us really well, hence the tremendous growth. And so, we actually started talking in our strategic discussions in the call about, okay, what’s next in terms of the next three, four years in the Company? We’ve done a wonderful job of diversifying our top-line. We’ve made it clear to investors that our focus -- we’re going to take a little bit of -- a slight pause, a deep breath and focus hard on the cash flows and the margins. As such, pre-COVID, we were having lots of discussions about how to optimize the structure, how to remove any friction points in a company this size, how to be sure that everybody has access seamlessly and quickly to all of our capabilities. So, this was underway through the fall and into the winter. And then, COVID hit and added to our thinking around maybe taking some cost out of the business. So, it’s not really a reaction. I think, Mike and I both said in our prepared remarks, 3Q provided us some pockets of strength that was offset in a few pockets of weakness. This action has nothing to do with any of that. It just had to do -- it’s more structural in nature, it’s more permanent. I could suggest to you these costs aren’t going to come back when COVID is over. And I really like how it positions the Company for ‘21- ‘22 and beyond. The decision point we had to make as a leadership team is with everybody working remotely, did we think this would be a good time to go do this because things like this are not easy. And we made a decision to do it because if we can do it properly and get through the other side of this with the new structure as COVID starts to clear up, I think it gives us a really, really nice foundation to run the Company.
Mark Mondello: So, in Q2, Matt, the inventory shut up to 70 days. I think we had some issues in China. There wasn’t anything being shipped out. So, the 70 days was unnaturally high. We’ve come down to 67 this quarter. So, progress, but not as much as I would have liked to see. So, my target right now is let’s get to that 60; in the medium to long-term, we need to be in the mid to low -- mid to high 50s. So, that’s the eventual target. Will we get that right away next quarter? The answer is no. But, over time, I feel good that we will get there.
Mark Mondello: Hey, Mark. The $160 million to $170 million for the year I spoke to the net cost. So, those conversations are going on all the time. Over our 400-plus relationships, 80%, 90% of those are highly strategic long-term. And those conversations, they have endless dimensions to them. So, let’s just say that we’ve got a business to run. Our customers understand we have a business to run. We also want to be very, very thoughtful to all of our customers because they’re going through tough times as well. But, be rest assured that I think those discussions for the most part that have taken place through the third quarter and will continue through 4Q and into ‘21, I would characterize as being very fair conversation.
Mark Mondello: So, let me try it this way. The processes and the tools and the analytics we use for understanding demand haven’t changed at all. And in fact, I really -- I’m glad we have the tools and the analytics we have because they’re helpful when the horizon gets a bit foggy. Those tools are helpful. I would say that -- so, net-net, the visibility we have is unchanged, the issue is, how much our data analytics and our resources align or misalign with some customers’ outlooks. And I think that’s where the tools are most beneficial, because if there’s a disconnect from what we’re seeing or we believe we should be seeing versus the feeds that we’re getting, the demand feeds, it’s driving lots of really constructive conversations. I think that there’s still going to be quite a bit of choppiness in the business, through the fourth quarter and into early FY21. I think that to have this feeling like COVID is behind us, the stock market’s doing great, the world’s getting back on its feet, I don’t think that’s the case. With that said, the reason we decided to give guidance for the fourth quarter is, we’ve tried our best to handicap multiple scenarios. We’ve kind of taken an average of say a dozen or so different scenarios. And I think we have a degree of confidence that justifies the guidance for the fourth quarter.
