Mark Mondello: Thanks, Mike. Good morning. I appreciate everyone taking time to join our call today. I'll begin by saying thanks to our team here at Jabil. Thank you for your attention to detail, and thank you for the way you care for and accept one another. Your attitude is amazing, and your dedication is incredible.  With that, let's move to our next slide. It's staggering when I think about what our team has built and tailored over the past five to six years. A large-scale portfolio of business sectors, eight discrete yet interwoven sectors, which offer Jabil a high degree of resiliency during times of macro and geopolitical disruption as well as gearing times when we simply welcome the ongoing demands placed on us by our customers. IN looking at this slide, I think about a world where countless products and a massive number of supply chains need to be created, redesigned or modified, therefore placing Jabil deep in the heart of essential end markets. Before moving to our next slide, it's worth revisiting the topic that we addressed during our Investor Day event back in September, the topic being the intentional output of the portfolio you see in front of you with the intention being that no single product contributes more than 5% to Jabil's overall earnings. This result is a good thing. It's a really good thing, especially when we think about dependability and sustainability. It also shines a bright light on the strategic importance of diversification and scale and the clear impact it has when operating our business. In recognizing our Q1 results, along with our 2Q guide as detailed by Adam and Mike, combined with a watchful eye on the back half of the year, we find ourselves with an updated financial plan for FY '23, an outlook which has us increasing core earnings per share to $8.40, an increase of $0.25 from our forecast roughly 90 days ago. In addition, we believe that core operating margin will hold at 4.8% for the year on revenue of roughly $34.5 billion, while free cash flow remains north of $900 million. Integral to this outlook is the fact that our team is doing an exceptional job of proactively managing costs and controlling what they can control in today's environment. Moving to our next slide. I'll share thoughts on our path forward. Shown here are fundamental catalysts, which are key to favorable results and future outcomes for Jabil: The unique combination of our approach, structure and experience, our ability to execute, combined with our engineering expertise, financial plans that are grounded in rational assumptions and our commitment to returning capital to shareholders. And rounding on our path forward, maybe it makes sense to step back a bit and think about the past few years. The data suggests that what we're doing is working, a testament of just how well our team is managing the business I'd now like to transition from our path to our purpose. Here at Jabil, we're never confused about our obligation to deliver a fair return to shareholders. With this obligation well understood, and considering the upcoming holiday season, we're taking a little extra time to heighten our focus on ensuring a meaningful purpose in all we do. We're encouraging our employees to take a deep breath and a short pause, creating a little time for reflection, reflect on our team, reflect on their personal lives and reflect on giving back to those in need. And speaking a reflection, when it comes to helping those in need, I'm proud to report that our employees around the world just surpassed 1 million hours of personal volunteer time for calendar 2022. What a positive difference created for so many around the world, so many who need it most. Our team's effort was extraordinary. And in multiple ways, their effort was life-changing. Here at Jabil, we fully embraced the meaning and importance of carrying a purpose, both at home and in the workplace. And we do so with exceptional conduct and care. I'm just so honored to serve such a strong and steady team. Their approach is responsible and reliable. They value the relationships we have with all of those that we serve. Each day, we welcome the challenges put forth by our customers. And in doing so, Jabil is making the world just a little bit better. In closing, to all of you here at Jabil, please know that you can be your true self without anxiety or fear recourse each day when you come to work. And to everyone on the call today, I wish you a safe and peaceful holiday season.  With that, I'll now turn the call back over to Adam.
Mark Mondello: Steve, that's an area of our business. As you know, it's embedded in our industrial business. We don't tend to break out all the individual products. But in terms of overall energy management, clean energy, et cetera, that's an area where, if you take a look at our overall industrial growth, I would say that the growth rate of that component of our industrial business is greater than most of the other industrial business. So whether it be solar, whether it be off-grid battery storage, whether it be new efficiency of off-grid power generation, mobile power generation, it's an area that's, from a strategy standpoint, very important in the next three to four years of the overall industrial business. I'd equate it -- I don't know that the growth will be as secular as maybe EVs. But five, six years ago, when we made decisions to go hard into the EV market and move a lot of our resources that way, you could think of it a bit the same in terms of our overall industrial business. That part of our industrial business is getting a lot of attention.
Mark Mondello: Yes. You're welcome. I guess I'd make a general statement and a specific statement. I think one of the interesting characteristics of Jabil is to be really effective in this business over the long term, I think scale matters. And then in one of the slides that we just indexed through, if you look at the overall portfolio today that make up the $34 billion, $35 billion of revenue, the balance of the portfolio is substantial.  And so again, coming back to your specific question, when I think about the markets that you're referring to, A, we've got a whole set of engineering staff that are, let's just say, expert in that area. But much like all of our businesses, they also have a vast pool of engineering resources in other sectors that they also get to confer with and talk to and think about being creative in terms of overall solutions in the industrial space. And I think that makes a big difference.
Mark Mondello: Hey, Jim. I think for the quarter, so if we backward look to September, October, November with the kind of zero COVID policy, everything that was in the media around China and then kind of our exposure to that and our experience with that, in very round numbers, I would say that the kind of overall China COVID activities probably impacted Q1 by about $10 million, give or take. As you've seen recently, and maybe you're referring to this with some recent changes around the zero COVID policy, we'll continue to manage that in much the same way, being very careful, practical, thoughtful in terms of managing China coming out of a zero COVID policy. We've been doing that around the world since January of 2020. I think our protocols around the world and in China are kind of best-in-class. And I think protocols and processes aside, Jim, I give a huge amount of credit to our leadership team and our supervisors on the ground in China. We have a fabulous relationship with our people and our employees, and that in and of itself makes a huge difference. So anyway, that's our intent.
Mark Mondello: Yes. I'm not going to get into customer-specific. I think when it comes to parts of our cloud business, Jim, we've been very, very consistent. And I don't know the first time we came out on a call and started talking about our entry into the cloud business based on our right to play and the solutions that our team wanted to bring forward. But what we talked about maybe back in 2018 and through 2019 and even through 2020 and COVID and on and on and on, we've been extremely consistent with the fact that our value proposition in that area of our business is very geocentric and very asset-light. And said differently, we do a very good job of aligning variable costs with the puts and takes of the revenue. This is nothing more than that continuing. And the team has done an absolutely fantastic job of growing that business. I think on one of the slides again that we showed, you can see our cloud business or let's just say, cloud and 5G is now $6 billion, give or take. So I think that's a proxy for how successful they've been. And again, we'll continue, and our intent is to continue to run that an asset-light way.
Mark Mondello: I think it's a natural decision. We -- the world is, I don't know if I use the word difficult, but let's just, for lack of a better word, things are a bit choppy right now, a little bit difficult. And whether it's running our business in each sector of our business, in a different way based on what customers need, whether it's our execution, whether it's overall cost management, I think when we sat here in August, September, and we're taking a hard look at the year. Our belief is that we should be maybe a bit more cautious to the back half of the year as we sit today.  So Mike and I got together with our leadership team, and I'm really pleased with the outcome. And by the way, this was a hard press by the overall team. We're just being proactive in terms of largely in terms of overhead costs and maybe costs that sit on top of the factories. I think that Mike said in his prepared remarks. And I think one thing I think it's worth differentiating, being proactive in the methods in the way we're being proactive in terms of cost management is, to me, way different than say writing off or writing down assets. It's really about taking a look at the business, being aggressive and proactive and then being sure that shareholders get a very fair return on that in short order. And I think Mike in his prepared remarks somewhere said on our cost management and the charge we took in the quarter, investors will get about a dime back at the back half of this year. But more importantly is, is I think the payback for '24 and into perpetuity will be $0.20, $0.25. So I think it's good use of our effort and nice returns for shareholders.
Mark Mondello: Thank you. Happy holidays to you too. I don't know that there's a general theme. I think we have 400-plus customers, and I think our customers' thoughts are all over the map, and they're doing the best for their business based on their products. Everything -- and this will give you a little bit of a feel for the complexity of it. And by the way, it's why our structure is so efficient and so optimal in terms of customer solutions.  Here at Jabil, we don't run our business on a factory basis. We run it customer by customer, line item by line item. And the reason we do that is let's just take a product that, let's say, the unit cost is x, but the ability to move that product around the world in terms of distributing the product is very expensive. Well, that would suggest maybe we build it in-region. We have other products that cost y and moving that product around the world is very small relative to the cost of the product, and we might consolidate that to a single spot in the world. Then you add to it, all the different geopolitical issues, the very unfortunate issue that continues to wane on in the Ukraine. So it's hard for me to go, geez, this is kind of the herd mentality of our customers because the business just doesn't act that way. Also, I would suggest that when you look at our portfolio, and you look at the eight sectors that we define and then you think about all the subsectors of the business, Again, one of the things I think is a huge strength at Jabil is the diversification. And with that diversification becomes endless amounts of solutions. And again, I take you back to our approach and our structure. We kind of work with each customer in a very unique way, accommodating their needs. With that being said, I would say that you'll probably see us do some expansion in Eastern Europe. You'll probably see us continue to expand in Mexico. I think we feel pretty good about our footprint in China. And you'll probably see some expansion over the next couple of years in India.
Mark Mondello: We're taking them up because we can. I mean, as we sit here today, one could look at it and go, why would you guys take the numbers up, if you're somewhat cautious about the back half of the year or gosh knows what's going to happen in '23 based on what the U.S. Fed is doing in the markets, et cetera, et cetera. But I think we use very good judgment. Again, a real good charm about Jabil is we break our business up into really, really, really small pieces. And it gives us really good acuity, high resolution of all elements of our business. So in a more general sense, I think the -- again, referring back to one of the slides that one of us spoke to is we're -- as we sit today, we're going to -- we think we'll see double-digit growth in the areas of auto and transportation largely driven by EVs. Healthcare, I think we showed on the slide would be maybe north of 10%, and then same with our industrial semi cap business largely being led on the industrial side. And the growth in all three of those areas, A, supply chain is getting better and getting better faster. One caveat there is, is legacy semiconductors in the EV space are still tight. But supply chain is getting markedly better. Our ability to gather parts relative to others is very strong. And then in certain aspects of those, based on certain trends, demand is holding reasonably well.
Mark Mondello: If I could add to that, here's a real simple way to think about it in very round numbers. Two years ago, the overall op margin for the company was 4.2%. Last year, it was 4.6%. This year, at the beginning of the year, we suggested that the op margin for the year will be 4.8%. We're holding to that 4.8%, which we're proud of. So there's a 20 bps expansion between '22 and '23. About half of that is based on our cost management for the back half of the year as well as continuing to advance our asset-light nature of our cloud business and the other half of that is the lack of a better word, the core business. But what's interesting is, I don't even like differentiating that because for me, all of this activity goes hand in hand with running a good business. So -- but in terms of your modeling and the way to think about it, I think that's a reasonable way to think about it.
Mark Mondello: Ruplu, that's a little bit of an open-ended question because I don't know if you mean it this way, but I'll answer it how I understand it, which is if the bottom falls out of all consumer-facing products, could the overall DMS margins go down further? Maybe. As we sit today, I think we've done a reasonably good job of for what we know, handicapping the back half of the year. And you -- the way you stated it is largely correct. We've really kind of haircut and handicap any consumer-facing products. And again, the reciprocal of that is we feel good about industrial, automotive and healthcare. If you -- as you're putting your model together for the year, we just reported first quarter -- we just gave you a hard guide on 2Q. As I think about Q3 and Q4, our DMS margins, as you start putting numbers together and do your after calls and whatnot, I think what you'll find is doing the math is to have our DMS business end up being at 5% or 5.1% margin. Whatever it ends up being, Q4 is going to end up being a pretty strong quarter. And I think that's reflective of exactly what you said, which is some of the higher margins in auto and healthcare. I would also -- why we're on the topic of the year is, let's not be -- let's be sure it's not lost on us, the hard work and the complementary work that our EMS team is doing in terms of their business and margins for the year as well. When we went into 1Q, on the EMS side, we thought margins would be in the 4%, 4.1% range, that came in 4.3%. If you take a look at our guide and do your math on that, you'll see the strong margins returns in 2Q. And then if you think about the year on the EMS side, last year, I don't remember the exact number, but EMS was 4.2%, 4.3%. Beginning of the year, we thought EMS would be -- for the year, EMS would be around 4.4%, 4.5%. And I think EMS is going to come in closer to 4.6%, 4.7%. So again, let's step back and just have an appreciation for the fact that the business is kind of an entire portfolio. And I say that respectfully I understand your question was around DMS. I hope that helps.
Mark Mondello: Ruplu, I'll intercept that one for a minute. Wow, that was a lot. Let me bring you back to what I think was the first part of the question, which is, yes, you're correct. In the first quarter, at an enterprise level, margins were 4.8%. I kind of think you answered your own question, which is 1Q of last year, margins were 4.7%. We thought that the first quarter would come in back in August, September, we were guiding and anticipating the margins for Q1 would be 4.8%. They came in right on top of the 4.8%. Again, I'll bring you back to DMS margins were down about 20 basis points. EMS margins were up 20 basis points, again, indication of the size, scale, but again, the wonderful diversification we have.  If we didn't have good understandings with our customers in terms of equitable sharing when variable costs go up and down, we wouldn't have delivered the 4.8%. So I don't say that to drive a concern. I say that much in an opposite way, which is the way we have our business set up, the way we have our customer relationship set up are very satisfactory to our leadership team. In terms of what else could have impacts on the overall margins for the year, it could be anything. On the downside, it could be that -- the macro gets worse on the -- so what do I worry about? Yes, the macro could collapse is that in the other, but then that instability will be there for everybody. What I don't worry about is, I don't worry about our team's ability to execute. I don't worry about our team in and of itself. I love the portfolio that we have. I don't worry about the size of the market. I don't worry about our ability to continue to gain share. And maybe you wrap all that up I think our team, both at a factory level and above factory does a really, really nice job of controlling what we can control.
Mark Mondello: Well, that's an interesting question. I've been at this a long time, and I'd make this comment not directly around my relationship with Kenny. Whether my relationships with Kenny or Borges or Dastoor or McCoy or JJ or all the folks that you've met, we have a significantly tight-knit group. We've all been at this a long time. Sometimes that becomes problematic because it feels sometimes like we've complete each other's sentences. So we've got to continue to challenge ourselves so we don't have a group think. But Kenny has been with us a long time, so has the balance of the team. I don't envision any of this being revolutionary. I think it will be evolutionary. We also added some other new leadership to the team recently with LaShawne and Kristine in legal. So I think we'll carry on. With that being said, as I continue to move more and more throughout the year into an active Chairman role, and you're right, I'll have my hands firmly involved with investors and our foundation and strategy and other stuff, I hope the team takes my 10 or 11 years and is disruptive in a positive sense. I think one of the things that this team has done over and over and over and over, and time and time again over 30 years is I think we're proactive. I think we change when we need to change. We don't change for the sake of changing. And I'd say, Kenny and some of the expanded leadership team is probably, in some sense, a little bit more edgy than I can be. And I think that's a good thing. So I think there'll be I think there'll be some good changes. You can think of them as evolutionary, not revolutionary changes because the foundation we've built for this business has never been stronger. And I'm really, really, really looking forward to the next two, three, four years to see how things shake out.
Mark Mondello: David, well first off, welcome to the group. I think you just started coverage on us, and we look forward to spending more time with you so you can better understand the business. In terms of your questions, there's pent-up demand, but I would caveat answering your question similar to a prior question, which is I don't want to make a blanket statement because, as an example, let's take networking or, say, legacy telco. That part of our business today is about $3 billion on a $35 billion base. So in terms of what type of backlog we see from the telco folks or the networking folks, I guess it's relevant. But in terms of our overall corporate results, I'm not sure how impactful that might be. I think a 100% we have seen pent-up demand and backlog across almost every single area of our business where supply chain constraints existed. If I could paint it with a broad brush and take this with a degree of inaccuracy, I guess, because I'm trying to paint it with a broad brush across a large-scale portfolio, I think that most of the pent-up demand and the backlog, in general, will probably be alleviated by late 1Q of '23 or into the second quarter of '23, to say the first half of '23. So I think most of the pockets of backlog clear and normalized as we get back -- as we get to the back half of calendar '23. Again, I don't know if that's helpful or not, but that's kind of a general statement as we look across the business.
Mark Mondello: We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. With that, this does conclude today's teleconference. We appreciate your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Enjoy the rest of your day, and happy holidays.
Mike Dastoor: Hey, Steve. Yes, so the inventory days that we just printed 61 days, down 1 day from Q4. A normalized run rate, Steve, would be around that 55, 57. That's what I expect. Not anytime soon, but that is the ultimate sort of aim. I do expect that 61 days to continue to go down to that 58, 59 level. There will be quarterly nuances, timing nuances, et cetera. But overall, the trend would be in the downward direction, particularly with the supply chain constraints easing, as you mentioned.
Mike Dastoor: And Jim, if I could just add, I think when we gave guidance in September, our assumption was that the consignment would start sometime in March. We actually managed to get it done far earlier in November. So you're seeing an earlier impact of this consignment piece showing up in our -- a little bit in Q1 but mainly in Q2.
Mike Dastoor: And Shannon, our business assumptions continue to be extremely robust. I think I highlighted some of the secular trends that we're actually participating in. All of those continue to show very decent growth. 
Mike Dastoor: So yes, it does move the needle a little bit on margin, but there's been some offsets. I think Adam highlighted some inefficiencies that we had on the mobility side in China, particularly in Q1. We've made some assumptions around further COVID, et cetera, as well in parts of the world, and that does have a little bit of an impact on margin. But you're right, on the consigned side, it has a small margin improvement impact. And that's one of the reasons we pursue this with -- along with the customer.
Mike Dastoor: Yes. So the free cash flow assumptions that we have today that reflect everything reflect they reflect the sort of charge that we've taken, the cash outlay associated with that. Don't forget that the savings on the other side of that as well. So there is definitely everything that's out there is reflected in the free cash flow. From a Q1 standpoint, I think it's more timing. We've talked about our CapEx being in that 2.5% range. Not much changes from that 2.5% guidance that we provided in September. You'll always have timing differences. You'll have nuances. From a shape of the year perspective, I sort of -- I’d just use shapes from previous years. I think it will be very similar to that. Obviously, timing moves things here and there a little bit. But overall, we still feel committed to our $900 million free cash flow number for the year as well.
Mike Dastoor: I would suggest all of you about, Paul, I think it's definitely a mix, operational efficiency, something we always execute on. We've always invested in the past around automation, robotics, et cetera. So we feel good about that as well. And overall, the margin, does it go beyond 5%, 5.5% as well. We're not stopping at 4.8%, and we're definitely not stopping it at 5% either. So it's something we're actively engaged in and feel very strongly about. 
Mike Dastoor: No, there's no change to our capital allocation. We've talked about in September, we have another $1.1 billion left of our authorization. We continue to use it. We use quite a bit of that in Q1, and we'll be doing in the range of 150, 200-plus type of buybacks every quarter. So nothing that happens in the second half for -- also that, that actually be an opportunity to do some more in fact, if things start going south.
