Kenny Wilson: Thank you, Mike, and thanks to everyone for joining us today. Fiscal '24 was always going to be a transitional year for Jabil, one of which we've successfully completed the largest transaction in the company's history with the mobility sale and its subsequent efforts by our teams to optimize our footprint and cost structure for the go-forward company. For this transaction and the optimization of our footprint were anticipated, the end market slowdown was not. As I have stated previously, the key attribute of our model is agility and our ability to quickly react and effectively absorb changes in revenue. At Jabil, we obsess about operations, working tirelessly to ensure that what is within our control, we control well. Managing our factories to absorb such a March slowdown does not happen by chance, so it's pleasing to see our margins hold up. Additionally, dislocations like this provide opportunity for some consolidation and is reassuring to make progress with customers who trust us to allocate more of their spend to Jabil. In tandem with our focus on operational execution, we have been intentional in how we've shaped our commercial portfolio. The closing of the mobility deal was not a one-off event, but part of a process where we look telling our capabilities current and future with markets exhibiting the desirable characteristics of long term secular growth at appropriate margins and cash flows. The result of this allows us to help simplify the lives of our current and future customers while making appropriate returns. For example, in our recent history, this has seen us transition from low tech electronics and automotive to EV and autonomous driving systems, including optical cameras. From PCBA manufacturing and health care to precision machining of customized implantable, from build-to-print servers to highly configurable AI data center racks, from simple network switches to liquid cooled accelerated switching supporting AI applications and from build-to-print in the telco space, starting a seat at the table, as we look to optimize our advanced packaging value chain for silicon photonics across multiple end markets. In short, we are continuously retailing the company to ensure we are ready to support the future needs of our customers. In addition to the mobility deal, another couple of proof points were evident in the quarter. We are proud to have been awarded a new video security and optics business with Motorola Solutions, including two highly competent manufacturing sites in North America. This supports a focus on supply chain regionalization where we see significant benefits from the ability to leverage our global footprint coupled with the advantage of being domiciled in the U.S. And in the AI data center infrastructure space, we are building low and medium voltage switchgear to support proliferation of AI data centers. We were awarded a liquid cooled accelerated network switching program, which will ramp in fiscal year '25. While already, we are seeing the benefits of the addition of the Intel Silicon Photonics team with multiple wins in the pluggable transceiver space. As I think about exiting this year as a more optimized company, coupled with the numerous opportunities across our commercial portfolio, I'm confident in our ability to expand margins year-on-year while also delivering core EPS of $10.65 and free cash flow in excess of $1 billion. Note that in modeling fiscal year '25, we anticipate total revenues similar to fiscal year '23 levels, excluding the mobility divestiture. Importantly, we expect mix to be much improved as our business continues to trend toward markets, benefiting from long-term secular trends. In closing, in the last 90 days, I have had the privilege of spending time with multiple customers and internal organizations, including executive team at Motorola Solutions, as we celebrated the new award. In addition to the Jabil team from Retronix, Procurability and Intel and with our teams in Asia as we celebrated Chinese New Year with a long held Jabil [indiscernible] tradition. While in Asia, it was also my honor to accept a Shingo prize awarded to our health care site in Shanghai, the largest med device side to receive this award in the last 15 years. As I reflect on all of this, I believe it further demonstrates that in addition to having the right capabilities and being in the right end markets, we also have the right team to buy their actions every day, strengthen our unique global culture. All of this puts us on firm footing for fiscal '25 and beyond. Thank you for your interest in Jabil. I will now hand the call back to Adam.
Kenny Wilson: Hi, Steven. Thanks. Good morning. Yeah. Let me take that, the question on demand. I mentioned in Q1 when we've seen the broad-based demand reduction that we've got a process where we do we're pretty intimate with our customers in terms of their forecast, looking at inventory and inventory in channels. We called that right across all of our end markets with the exception of the 5G telco space and renewables. And there's a couple of specifics there. So Mike mentioned the India issue here, and I think what we see here is that although, we said, there was a substantial pullback. In effect, what happened was the rollout stopped with -- basically with no input from the Reliance in this instance. So when we look at that, there's no indication of that and basically, we've baked into our number now going forward. So we're comfortable that everything else in the telco space, we've seen and we understood. This was just a gotcha in India. We're not forecasting or expecting that to recover in this year. So we think we're pretty safe there. In the renewable space, again, we've been working with the customer through calendar Q4 into Q1. And what we decided to do there is that basically, the inventories in the channel, and it's not going to be sold through. So we've reduced the build plan, they’ve register what they're going to ship. And what we're seeing is that the inventory in channel now is now reducing. We haven't forecasted a covering that this year also. So we've been very, very conservative. Also, just as we look to '25, we've been very conservative, and we've modeled those run rates going forward into '25. So when you look at what we're talking about in '25, we don't expect these two end markets to recover. So we think we've been appropriately conservative.
Kenny Wilson: Yeah. I have a follow-up to that also, Steve, and we've been talking about this and obviously, with yourself. But I think Slide 17 is a pretty good pictorial view of why we're confident that our margins in the longer term will be robust. Historically, we would be in the server space here when I think back three, four, five years ago. And then what we're trying to show here is just how as well as being vertical in terms of going to asset like rack assembly that's been hugely successful for us. But if you look at everything else interest we've gone from being a legacy enterprise switching to accelerated switching that supports AI with the awards that we won recently. Optical transceivers or pluggable transceivers in this instance that we got a lot of horsepower from the Intel deal that we just closed. And incidentally, I met with the Intel team in Singapore in January and the hit the ground running and are really making a huge difference, which is great for us. But there's things like the CDUs, liquid cooled racks, and also, we're now doing, as I mentioned, the low voltage bid voltage switchgear and the rack power distribution. So historically, that's markets that we wouldn't be planning in at all. But what we find is from being a server player to now we're getting multiple income streams in that space -- with things where a little bit of the data center being disaggregated. It just gives us confidence when I said that we're retail in the company, what I was talking about is we're leveraging things that we've done historically will listen to our customers, and we're finding other value-added activities so we can help them. We can reduce their costs and we can increase our margins. So I think that can underpin what we try to do from a margin perspective to satisfy our customers' needs grow our margins and make that sustainable in the longer term.
Kenny Wilson: And let me take your second question, Ruplu, on Jabil's competitive advantage. Firstly, what I would say is, I think that the growth in this area means that there's going to be a lot of work for a lot of people. So I think that's good. When we look at our competitors, I think there's enough work to go around. That said, what we try to do is we try to look at the world through the eyes of our customers and make their life simpler. And then if you look at -- there's a need in the data centers to be able to do silicon photonics transceivers. These need to be able to do power and switching. There's a need to be able to do servers need to be able to do rack assembly. What we find our customers look to do is their life becomes -- the more suppliers they add, the more and more complicated the life becomes. So if they have a credible supplier that can do multiple different activities, then that's helpful for them. You take, for example, if you can do pluggable transceivers, but you don't do line cars and then you want to put the optical device on a line card. That becomes an issue as we can do both of that. So we think the view for us is to be able to be vertical and to be able to integrate more services that becomes a play for us. is something that we've seen across automotive, Mike mentioned the cameras that we're producing in automotive, for example. So we think that, that serves us well, the other thing that I think remains to be seen, but I think it's basically not a negative but a positive for sure. We have a global footprint, so we can leverage best practices and capabilities across the world, but being domiciled in North America, we see has been helpful in the longer term from a secure supply perspective. So we think we put all of that together, we feel that we're well positioned, and all we got to do is perform. So we're pretty bullish on the long-term opportunities and growth in this area.
Kenny Wilson: Yeah. So let me take a step back, Ruplu, because we've reflected on that a lot. The relationships we've got with our customers is -- and generally has been long term in some instances, has been multi-decades. So we have a partnership there. We're kind of joined at the hip connected. We've got processes where we share forecasts. We look at inventory. So we're pretty tight. We've got people in our sites, whether it's business development people, planners, et cetera, et cetera, that are involved in this. So this isn't the top down. It's -- we bubble this up from the bottom. So -- and I can understand the question. In Q1, we've seen a broad-based reduction. And if I look forward from what we when we looked at Q2, across the majority of our end markets, what we predicted is going to happen for the balance of the year is happening. So we're comfortable with that. And sometimes you get out higher, like India, for example, I mean, no one expected with the rate -- the deployment of radios in India that, that would just all of a sudden stop. So I think that, that in this instance, that becomes something that you got accept that sometimes things will happen. In the renewable space, we spend a lot of time with -- we've got more customers now than we had six months ago. And we spend a lot of time with them. It's clear that the slowdown and the rollout of the inventory we got in channel has been much lower than expected. We've taken our numbers way, way down. But in that also, we look -- it's mainly a residential play that's been soft. We are pivoting so that we are much more in the commercial side, and that's been supported by our customers. We're also -- we're winning market share, and there's been a lot of consolidation to Jabil in that space lightly. And if you read the it seems like the commercial space in the U.S. is becoming more robust and we'll be building that in North America also. So we're getting share. We're taking our numbers down significantly. The balance of our business, we think, is holding up. So we think we're really at the bottom here. But what I would like to add though a little bit to your question is -- and I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we've got to be really, really good at control in what we can control. Whether this has been a pullback, slowdown, recession, inventory correction, whatever you want to call it, if we look back in our company's history, the last couple of times this has happened. Our EPS has gone down by 40% or margins by 100 basis points or more. Here, we're working really hard, as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, to make the company much more resilient and robust. So I think that we demonstrate that in spite of shops in a couple of our end markets that that our businesses has taken a couple of punches, but staying remarkably resilient. So my message to investors would be that sometimes like outliers happen. But I think it was improving our margins and I think 840 EPS, I think it demonstrates that our company is much more robust than it was historically.
Kenny Wilson: Yeah. Hey, Mark. So the blend of it is as -- I would say that probably just north of half of it is data center related maybe slightly -- maybe two-thirds of it and the balance would be optics and advanced switching really. It's that kind of order of magnitude.
Kenny Wilson: Yeah. Hey, Melissa. Yeah. I mean we kind of break that up -- if I think about how we break it up entirely, there's med devices, pharma and ortho. What we see in the first half of the year was our expectation is like a little bit softer kind of inventory digestion. But we think that recovers and kind of made the bases and a mean pharma with GLP-1. We see that going really, really strongly. So we think that's -- we're pretty much running our factories, obviously, round the clock there. We think in med devices, we see some recovery there, and also is still a little bit soft but getting better. So I think we’re looking at I think our back half of our year is 8% stronger than the front half as inventory is digested, and we’re comfortable with that number. So we think we are pretty comfortable that our health care business is going to continue. I think Mike mentioned 5% growth next year. We got enough kind of in entire and opportunities for us to be comfortable with that as we go forward.
Kenny Wilson: Yeah. We got -- if you look at predominant [indiscernible] you look at the proliferation of other capabilities. So we are supplying other hyperscalers across the whole blend of the capabilities that we talk about there, George. And I think the other thing just to emphasize that what Mike mentioned, Look, we've been doing enterprise switches for multiple years. And as that becomes to some commoditized we've pivoted in that the capability that we have there to the advanced switching area that really drives the AI TPU type model. So I think that, coupled with what we’re doing in optics means that we’re comfortable that our margin profile is robust here. And I go back to the point I made with Steve about all the kind of DCI, the infrastructure stuff we’re doing as well, which historically we hadn’t done. So we think we got a real rich profit pool here for us in the longer term.
Adam Berry: Thanks, Kenny. So there was a lot here today. And in closing, I'd like to quickly summarize some of the key messages. Our second quarter results and our fiscal '24 outlook are largely in line with the guidance we provided back in December, with the exception of the impact from two specific end markets, including renewable energy and 5G wireless. And despite our lower outlook for '24, positive demand signals in the market, along with new wins, higher core margins due to mix shift and the accelerated buybacks from the proceeds of the mobility transaction give us confidence in fiscal '25 which is why we chose to maintain our $10.65 core EPS target. Thank you for your interest in Jabil. Operator, we're now ready for Q&A.
Adam Berry: Yeah. We just -- we opened a new facility like six months ago that's pretty much all doing a GPU like -- in that space.
Adam Berry: Thanks for your interest in Jabil. Please reach out to us, if you have any further questions. Thank you.
Michael Dastoor: Hey, Steve. Yeah. So obviously, the mix shift does have a huge impact. We've replaced a lot of our legacy networking and storage business with higher margin AI related business there, obviously, AI by itself in the cloud space, although, you don't see it in the revenue line item because of the consignment effect, the volumes are up considerably in that particular line item. So there's a big margin play coming through on the mix shift that you suggested. And on top of that, we've done a lot of cost optimization. If you go look back at our -- I think on the call maybe earlier in the fiscal year, we talked about a stranded cost and footprint optimization restructuring that we've taken then. The fruits of that are showing up in the second half of the year. Obviously, we had Q2 was a little bit of a transition quarter for the cost optimization effort. But that's coming through. And then if you look at some of the cost recoveries that we're getting from our customers, even though revenues are down, we are -- we have been successful in getting cost recoveries because of the sudden nature of the cut. So all of that plus Q3, Q4 had some ramps in there. Obviously, as the revenue is pushed out, we don't have to have those ramps. And then I'll just remind you, ramps are at a much lower margin in those initial quarters when we're moving up on that revenue line item. So that gets pushed out a little as well. So a combination of all that, Steve, gives us really good comfort. I think we said 5.3% to 5.5% margin. Previously, we've actually taken it up, not just to the high end. We've taken it beyond that, and we think it's going to be more in the 5.6% range, and we feel really good about that.
Michael Dastoor: Hey, Ruplu. Just to be clear, I said AI 21 times in my reports, so I did count. On the AI piece, so if you look at my prepared remarks, Ruplu, I did talk about the AI revenue. I think we're going to grow by about 20%, 25%. We're about in the $4.5 billion, $5 billion range, we're going to be north of $6 billion in FY '25 and that's across multiple end markets. Obviously, as Kenny mentioned, we'll be playing in the cloud data infrastructure space. We play in areas such as network switching. There's a whole bunch of business that was switching from or replacing from our legacy network business to AI-related business. Sort of its spread out, particularly in those two line items when we call them out on our revenue chart. But overall, about $6 billion plus, we actually feel that will continue to grow in that 20%, 30% range over time as this proliferation of AI across different end markets just continues to expand. So it's starting off where you expect it to start in the cloud space. And then as you work around the cloud space, that will gain more momentum. And then as you go forward, and I'm talking here two years out, even that was spread into all our other end markets as well because all that we do is mainly hardware and all hardware will benefit from the AI proliferation.
Michael Dastoor: And Ruplu, I'm going to answer your question in a slightly different way than you were at it. Obviously, you asked about the risk and what can go wrong and why the margin story holds good for us. So let me just try and answer it by talking about the $10.65 a little bit. Because all of that is factored into our $10.65 guide. Why do I feel so strongly about that particular $10.65 number. Before that, let me just give you some building blocks. So if you look at what our interest costs this year will be in the high 200s. We expect next year to be in the mid-$200 million. So if you take an interest number of about $250 million for the building block there, if you take WASO (ph), we will have done substantially the $2.5 billion will be completed by FY '24. In FY '25, we'll continue a more normalized run rate of buyback. So I expect WASO to be about $110 million to $113 million in FY '25. Now based on these two numbers, if you take the incremental income that's needed to make $10.65, the numbers are around $130 million to $140 million of incremental income. I talked about some of the end markets, how we're sort of benefiting from some other macro trends that are coming into play right now. I talked about AI, I talked about the different end markets within storage, in cloud, et cetera, where we're seeing this whole AI proliferation. And that alone, as I mentioned, is about $1 billion to $1.5 billion incremental revenue, net revenue, I should add as well, sort of net of any consignment effect that FY '25 presents. We've talked about -- I mentioned in my prepared remarks, automotive, what we're seeing for FY '25 and our assumption is not based on end market growth. Our assumption is based on new program wins. We're talking about wins that we already have under the belt. We've already booked those and it's just a matter of delivering those next year, obviously, but not expecting some big miracle layer for the end market to change substantially. If it does, it will actually be an opportunity for us. But right now, if you just assume a 10%, even in this bad environment in FY '24, we're close to 10%. So there's no reason to expect automotive to be substantially lower than 10%. And then if you take health care and maybe a 5% growth, again, it's a very modest growth. If you add up this AI automotive and health care alone, that's about $2 billion of revenue. You're talking about 5% to 6% margin, even more if you get leverage out of it. So at 6%, you're talking $120 million of that $130 million, $140 million incremental income that I mentioned is needed for the $10.65. It's already there in just these three end markets and the balance of all the end markets. And I'm talking about semi cap, which, by the way, is showing very strong signs of a recovery that's coming. It's not here, but a lot of customers have changed the way they talk about their own businesses, and that's changing quite a bit in the positive direction. So we do expect not this year, we're not talking about calendar year '24. But in calendar year '25, we do expect very high probity of sharpish sort of recovery there. Renewables totally agree, it's slowing. Digital print and retail, steady Eddie and then connected devices as the basin FY '24 is so low that even a small little increase there you certainly see the $130 million, $140 million of income that we're talking about is not difficult to get to. And then if you look at the margin play, obviously, there’s mix going on, this mix shift that we continue to talk about. And the cost optimization, you’ll also have a full year impact of our cost optimization efforts that we’ve undertaken in FY ‘24. So I hope I answered your question from a risk perspective. Look, the risk is very low. If you look at – if you break down the individual components of what we’re talking about for FY ‘25, the $10.65 sounds highly achievable.
Michael Dastoor: And Mark, if I could just add, if you look at our data center revenue and again, remind you that's net revenue. It's net of consignment effect. Our gross volumes are growing at a really good pace. It's in that 25%, 30% growth range obviously doesn't show up in the revenue. But it will show up in the margin because that is what we're adding value on. So I think the number by itself, just the revenue number, net revenue can be a little misleading. You've got to look through -- look at volumes. Volumes are going up 25%, 30% in that particular space.
Michael Dastoor: No, it has to have some GPU attached. Most of our business now has shifted from the legacy server business to AI-related GPU, predominantly in our cloud business.
Michael Dastoor: Right. So we will exit at FY '24 at 5.6%. We're being very sort of conservative by saying 5.7% plus for FY '25. I think getting to 6% is not is not five years from there. It's maybe a year or so away from FY '25. So we're getting closer and closer to that 6%. And I think the margin story is definitely in our favor right now. It's all the business that we're seeing. That is all higher margin mix shift.
Michael Dastoor: So yeah, the AI piece, obviously, the different line items that we look at I said earlier, it's in cloud, it's a networking in storage. The margin is north of enterprise level margin. It's different. The rank order would be roughly sort of photonics would be the highest margin, AI switching gear would be next switch and Rax's configuration integration, etc. So overall, if you look at all these dynamics, the total margin plays north of enterprise margins. So again, that's what's giving us comfort for our margin in FY '24. That's what's giving us comfort for margins in FY '25 as well.
Michael Dastoor: Yeah. So what we see is we are seeing – and if you look at telco customers generally, pretty much all come out with a really, really soft outlook for calendar we baked most of that in, but there is some continued weakness there and that’s North America and also across the world. The biggest impact in 5G was the rollout in India where, I mean, basically, the rollout stopped. So it’s paused. We don’t know when it’s going to restart. But there’s still a significant amount of radios that have got to be installed in the Indian market, so that demand doesn’t go away. It’s just paused. We are pretty much single sourced in India. We build those radios in our facility in Pune, which we found that facility and our company for 20 some years, so that performed really well. We’re doing a really nice job, and we’re just waiting for the gates to reopen and as we start to build and allow that and get that to be installed in the network, so that will come back. We just didn’t expect it to stop. I mean, completely stopped with no future demand we’ve taken the demand there for the balance of the year.
Mark Delaney: Okay. That's helpful. But just to clarify, so would any rack for hyperscale or be counted as AI or does it need to have GPUs in it? Just trying to understand sort of the categorization of AI versus some of these other broader categories.
Mark Delaney: Helpful. My other question was on margins. Mike, you mentioned fixed cost recoveries is one reason for the margin resiliency in fiscal '24. Maybe you can help us speak to how secure the recoveries are? Is that something that you still need to go out and negotiate? And then maybe talk a little bit around your ability to still achieve a 6% EBIT margin over the longer term. Thanks.
Mark Delaney: Your ability to get to the 6% EBIT margin in the longer term, which is something I think you said could be achievable. I don't think you put a specific time frame on it, but to what extent do you think you're still tracking to eventually get a 6% or higher non-GAAP EBIT margin? Thanks.
