Timothy L. Main: Yes, I'd love to give you some color on that, and I think it's really remarkable how little macroeconomic trends have mattered to the company this year. I think U.S. GDP growth in the March quarter was less than 1 point, in the June quarter, about 1 point. In the September quarter, I can't imagine it being much above 1 point. I don't think European GDP growth has amounted to much all year, and in Japan, that's teetering on the edge of recession. So I think that covers around 60% of the world's economy, and we put up 23% revenue growth in that type of environment. So a remarkable thing to me is how little the macroeconomic environment matter to the company's results over the course of the year. And I think as we move into 2012, I think we -- we're being a little bit conservative in the level of growth that we could put up consecutively after having such a robust 2011. But it's still a year in which we think Diversified Manufacturing Services has the ability to grow at the range, maybe at the low end of the range but certainly within the targeted long-term of growth ranges. And in Enterprise & Infrastructure, we'd expect a similar level of performance. In the High Velocity, we'll see what consumer trends are over the course of the year, and we think it's a good set of conditions right now to be conservative. And it's not all bad if revenue growth slows down from 23% to 10-ish percent. That's not a big deal to the company and give us an opportunity to really drive margin expansion and EPS growth in 2012. So we kind of like the environment, Lou.
Timothy L. Main: Well, that continuous improvement culture I think is very important to us. 14,000 Blitz Kaizen Events. I think our Kaizen events were up 44% year-over-year. We're continuously looking to improve our productivity. That has excellent impact in the High Velocity and Enterprise & Infrastructure. We do have as Forbes mentioned a number of new programs ramping in Enterprise & Infrastructure that we think we'll grow our top line, and over the course of 2012 and much of that is a function of market share gains, and so we look forward to that. And then, Diversified Manufacturing Services, I mean, we really have a combination of internal manufacturing that's being externalized. Here are some very valuable services that Jabil provides and access to emerging economies, product development, localizing supply chains, and this is an area of activity that we do see very robust demand from healthcare customers, industrial customers. We think our Clean Tech business is in a very strong position and Materials Technology Group continues to do very well. So overall, I think it's an area that's a combination of driving a lean culture and higher levels of productivity along with specific revenue growth in targeted areas should result in a year in which we can put up another good year.
Timothy L. Main: Diversified Manufacturing Services was up 10% sequentially, and we didn't provide a lot of color to each individual area within Diversified.
Timothy L. Main: Yes, great question. We are very excited about the Aftermarket Services area. It's a great platform for our company and global logistics and providing services through a broader range of customers. It's historically been primarily consumer electronics type of activities and some IT activities. The IT area has been growing rapidly. Telmar acquisition is interesting as it gives us some very high-end engineering and troubleshooting capability along with some capabilities that Aftermarket Services doesn't possess today in terms of service and carriers, and providing higher level of functionality to that service set. So it's a big fragmented, fully-run market, and we're the biggest grower in the market today. We believe we were the best run Aftermarket Services business out there and we intend to cross that advantage into different verticals as well as globally, geographically and with a broader set of our existing customers. So it's an area that we're actually very, very excited about.
Timothy L. Main: Yes, the Healthcare & Instrumentation is doing very well, and we think over the course of 2012, we'll continue to gain momentum. One of the nice things to about that business area is a very long product life. I think investors typically associate short product lives and very rapid program transitions to our industry and in that particular business area especially product lives they're 7 to 10 years. It often takes 2 to 3 years to bring them to market, very long product development cycles. So we have a very nice pipeline of products that are in production and products that are near production and products that are in development today, and so we have good line of sight to continued growth in that area and we're very bullish on it.
Timothy L. Main: Not especially. I mean, we had a Telmar acquisition that we're adding that will help Aftermarket Services in the specialized services area. Materials Technology Group continues to grow. I just addressed Healthcare & Instrumentation, it's a very robust pipeline of opportunities and more and more industrial customers and our Clean Tech business continues to be robust. So I think it'll be another year of outstanding growth across the board.
Timothy L. Main: Yes, well, customer anxiety counseling service is not something we have in our portfolio. And I think our value proposition is compelling. We talked a little bit about our value proposition for the 3 major business areas and we're getting a very warm reception because we have developed world GDP growth as well as it is. It's even more imperative that European, Japanese and North American customers accelerate their growth and penetration in emerging markets, and that makes global supply chain networks more complicated for them, and product development more complicated for them. And our job is to help them simplify those issues and we do a very good job of that and we're gaining a reputation for that in these key market areas. So we're getting a very warm reception, and I think we're in a period of great opportunity for companies that have very high levels of expertise and can help OEMs across a diverse set of markets, manage the complexity of dealing with the world that's in constant change. And that's something that we will continue to develop and add people and capability to our portfolio and take advantage of the scale that we've gained and the capabilities that we have today.
Timothy L. Main: Yes, I think, what's missing is when we actually do spend in product development and we spend depending -- I don't have the latest numbers in front of me, but anywhere from $85 million to $100 million in product development. Most of that is paid for by the customer, and that's the part missing. So it's in revenue, it's in cost of goods sold and it's SG&A, and that has been steadily expanding over the last few years and our level of confidence has dramatically increased in the last few years. We've had a lot of infrastructure in places like enterprise storage, in places like health care, in places like design for manufacturability and value engineering, which is used by virtually all customers in some level. So design is touching almost every single relationship we have in important ways and particularly important in healthcare and in the enterprise storage markets. So I think the part that is missing for investors, frankly, is that our spend in this area is $85 million to $100 million and we have a very, very rapidly increasing engineering headcount and a rapidly improving capability. The customers are paying us for it and that's a really good thing. And what you guys see in terms of R&D is the -- what is specifically categorized as R&D under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles rules and that stuff is we fund on our own, for which we expect no return capitalization from customers. We'll continue to do that at some level because we think that's important for us to stay in front of the product development cycle and keep our expertise advanced. But, man, behind the door, there's a whole lot of activity going on that you can't see.
Timothy L. Main: I kind of look at it and gosh, the August quarter was a quarter that we put a great sequential growth, in a period when High Velocity was down 9%, I think sequentially. Again, I think, it's one of those cases where data or variability associated with handset deliveries in the August quarter and the November quarter, respectively, not that big a deal, not that big a deal and gosh, it gets better than that, super. We'll make a little bit more money and where we have it today then that's okay too. And I think we're being -- in this environment, it pays to be a little bit conservative in guidance and I think we are. But we're not making any specific comments around customer deliveries, new products or expectations on volume. I think it's a case where to continue to support the products that that's important to the overall results of the company is misleading.
Timothy L. Main: That's a great question, and I'd love to be able come up with a metric that was GDP growth plus because that's really what our growth story has been about. In last quarter's conference call, we indicated that we're 1 of 15 companies that have grown revenue EBITDA 25% on a compound annual growth rate since going public in 1993. So from 1994 through 2010, we're very, very elite group of companies that have been able to sustain that kind of growth. And you can talk all you want about 90-day time windows and what's happening on the margins, you can't grow a 25% for 18 years or 16 years, whatever that is, if you're reliant on macroeconomic growth. You have to be developing new markets and opportunities and through all the freak outs in communications and Asian crises and debt crises and everything else, our business has gone out and made a pretty darn good business in helping customers across the world to manage complexity and showing customers that it's really advisable for them to let us manage making this stuff for them. And when we look at the world and even going forward, that's really what our growth is premised on. So when we really analyze this carefully a few years ago, I think we came up with a metric that's 80% of our growth, was really is a kind of new customers market share gains, lead time organic growth with existing customers, expanding services, and the balance of it was really attributable to what's happening in the secular growth trends of electronics and customers and macroeconomic activity and that kind of thing. So I'm not here to say that we're immune to rapid abrupt contractions in economic activity. That hurts everybody in the world. But in a relatively benign soft-cash type of market, this is a business that can grow on well above the S&P 500 and has for the last 18 years.
Timothy L. Main: We will see how many quarters that we can string together at that level. I think, moving into the November quarter more handset volumes would serve to not be favorable from a mix standpoint that would serve to dilute margins a little bit. So that'll be offset by better utilization to the areas of the business that produce those products and our continued effort on lean initiatives and productivity are really resulting in good cost reductions, so there are offsetting factors that this mix would move against us a little bit in the November quarter but we'll continue to work on processing, and it should be a quarter in which we can operate above the high end of the targeted range.
Timothy L. Main: Well, you mentioned 2 different business areas, industrial and then wireless communications. Those are 2 different areas for us. But because the business activity is a little bit different in each of those areas. I think it's a little bit remarkable that people are looking at this like slow macroeconomic growth at recent events. I mean, it's been going on like this going on a year. I mean, March was horrible, June quarter is horrible. September is going to be horrible. There's no macroeconomic tailwind to the business, and so to think that recently people woke up and saw that the U.S. government couldn't come up with the debt refinancing plan and then everybody freaked out and cut out the orders is a little bit laughable. I mean, is it getting a lot worse? I mean, we don't see any precipitous decline in our business, and you see we're absolutely right. I mean, here and there, you see people trimming here and there. And there's more conservatism overall moving into the picture. But man, oh man, this is not recent. This is like a yearlong of no growth from a macro standpoint. And again, I think to really appreciate the value that Jabil brings and what our growth story is about, we really have to think about other things besides the business cycle, big customers and hot products. We really need to think about the value of simplifying complex global supply chain networks and why that's valuable to so many OEMs in so many different markets around the world, and that's what we're trading on.
Timothy L. Main: People tend to look at that as a proxy for what's going on in end markets as the latest indicator and I caution anybody to think about Jabil's inventory level that way. The way I look at it is, look, this a business that's going from having 40% of its business in High Velocity, which this is a very high inventory turnover business. This business has got 40% of the business in Diversified Manufacturing Services, which is extremely complex area. 70% of Jabil's production is built in lot quantities of less than 100. This is not a high volume company. This is a high mix, high complexity company and we've managed to maintain inventory turns at 7 turns, and actually had absolute dollar reduction in our inventory levels in the August quarter. So we're not looking at inventories as a proxy for what's going on and actually our raw material, work in process, finished goods levels has been pretty consistent in all years. As Forbes said, we will continue to work like the devil to make our balance sheet more efficient and drive cash flow by being more efficient the way we manage inventory but you compare Jabil to a high mix business to some of our competitors that are more peer plays in that area, and our inventory turnover is pretty good, at 7 turns.
Timothy L. Main: Yes, we haven't provided the annual guidance, Sherri. I think most people will be fairly cautious in the way they look at 2012. I would look at it this way. If we had an 8% revenue growth here, I think that would be spectacular and it would be well above the S&P growth rate, and I think it would give us an opportunity to drive very significant profitability expansion and cash flow and do great things for shareholders. So I think at the outset of this year, a note of caution is healthy for everybody, but even with that note of caution, I think the expected performance of the company is outstanding relative to the rest of the company that people can go and invest with.
Timothy L. Main: Yes, we expect it to continue to grow. I hope it doesn't double again, that's really painful for everybody. But it's one true growth and I think we'll have another good year and I'd rather not be more specific than that at this point. I think Diversified Manufacturing Services overall will continue to lead the pack in terms of growth for Jabil.
Timothy L. Main: On a year-over-year basis. So yes, I think we're still looking for a good year there. And again, all of the things being equal, we've been relatively cautious in the way we look at the world today. But a 25% year-over-year growth rate at DMS is supported by 3%. And as we look to 2013, we said if we continue to grow at that rate and we'll slow down, but we're opening up new opportunities in Clean Tech and healthcare and specialized services all the time. So I think we'll have ample opportunity in conference calls over the course of 2012 to talk about exciting new things we're doing there.
Timothy L. Main: Those are long-term objectives, and I'd say this High Velocity area is an area where the growth is not the priority. The quality, the cash flow and velocity, that's really the priority there. So if we look at 2012 and said, "Gosh I don't think High Velocity could grow at all." I don't think that would be something that would be that important to us. I think, in Enterprise & Infrastructure, it is a year that we would expect to be in a targeted range of growth of 5% to 10%.
Forbes I. J. Alexander: Yes, it's Forbes. I'll take some of this one. In terms of Enterprise & Infrastructure, it was up 1% sequentially, I think, we brought up 3%. So nothing material really going on there when we look at the number of programs that we have, the number of ramps going on. So we really dialed something into, the $10 million to $15 million is pretty tough. So overall, very pleased with the overall performance of our Enterprise & Infrastructure from a growth perspective and as we move into fiscal '12, so nothing really major of note. I think in terms of High Velocity that did perform much better than we have anticipated, the midpoint of our guidance. I think we've guided that down 13% sequentially and actually came in 9% of 10% down sequentially. So I think a little bit better, our demand profile over a number of areas in there as you'll be aware that includes handset activity, our printing products and set-top boxes. But we are standout there but just a little bit better sell-through than we've initially anticipated coming into the quarter. And what was the next part of your question.
Forbes I. J. Alexander: If I go into the first fiscal quarter, I think you should see some margin expansion in the Enterprise & Infrastructure segment. There are several opportunities for some margin expansion within Diversified Manufacturing Services as we bring additional programs to bear that. In terms of High Velocity, its exceptional performance in our fourth fiscal quarter is a result of the mix of business spot on there. But as we look into the first fiscal quarter, we're guiding up 6%. I would expect our margins to come in a little bit and certainly, be above the high end of our long-term targeted range but certainly 2 to 3 points.
Forbes I. J. Alexander: Yes, I wanted to indicate on the back of Tim's comments there. I very much believe the cash flow from operations was the 700 to 800 number is certainly within our sights. We did a magnificent job over the last 4 quarters in managing our working capital sequentially for the first time in many quarters we saw sequential reduction in inventory. So we're getting our arms around that and making some great progress there. So I certainly, if you could look at our overall cash flow yields this year by 40%. 12 months ago, I provided target of somewhere between 30% to 35% of our EBITDA. I think that's a very valid target for this business model and certainly is in our sights for fiscal '12 also.
Forbes I. J. Alexander: Yes, so it was, operationally, this quarter, it was a little bit worse than last quarter. We have talked about creating some actions to streamline or restructure those operations. As we move to the fiscal '12, we'll see reduction in cost base, which will clearly benefit us. In terms of additional revenue loss, we'll continue to work that, and I think we're probably within a quarter or 2 away of adding some additional revenues both in France and Southern Italian operations. So I think you'll see reducing impact as we move into Q2, Q3 and Q4. As we move -- the guidance does contemplate the same types of economic losses in this next coming quarter with the exception of the restructuring charge. So I would say we'll be progressing nicely as we move through Q4 -- fiscal '12.
Forbes I. J. Alexander: It's really small. So we hope to get this closed early November. So it will be probably at most $10 million to $15 million.
Forbes I. J. Alexander: Yes, that was in -- yes, right. The 4% to 4.5% is our long-term target and certainly with the actions that we're taking here and the continuing ramp, that will not be an average for the year. That would be more of a -- I would suggest a Q3, Q4 type number in terms of operation of these particular quarters. So certainly to average 4% to 4.5% is certainly a stretch for the fiscal year. But I would suggest, look as far as the target range Q2 and Q4 fiscal '12.
Forbes I. J. Alexander: Yes, we're making progress guiding off price as we're moving into the first half of next year. So I think there's some opportunity to continue this reduction. We're a little bit tricky in terms of guiding to that in the November quarter is how much of that sell-through, in summary, the business approach is repositioned exceeding inventory saw a continued sell-through in the December period. So we see how that works. But certainly, while we're very pleased over the last fiscal quarter we've seen dollar reduction, and I certainly believe there's opportunity we can continue that trend as we move to the first 2 fiscal quarters here.
Forbes I. J. Alexander: I mean, we can still look at as that. We actually exited the quarter, our work in processed and finished goods were a couple of points higher than you typically see, but nothing dramatic. So overall, in terms of raw material and the way we plan our capacity.
Forbes I. J. Alexander: Well, it's a nice problem to have, Jim. Almost -- right through the year, almost around $900 million of cash again, so that's great news. Stock repurchases is one of the many alternatives that we have as you see we're in a great position. First and foremost, it's about reinvesting cash to continue to grow the business. Our strategy that we laid out a year ago was to drive our Diversified Manufacturing Services segmentation to the 50% of the overall revenue stream. We've made great strides this year adding the 5 percentage points and I think we are going to be adding another 5% next year. So that's the first area of thought process. We are committed to our dividend and we continue to review the levels of these dividends with our board on a quarterly basis and we'll be doing that again at our next board meeting. So no specific direction that I can provide you today, but certainly I consider all these various alternatives, that investing in the business, acquisitions, our dividend policy and a stock repurchase program in holistic basis continues to give us flexibility with our capital structure.
