Adam Berry: Thank you, Jacob and good afternoon everyone. Welcome to our third quarter of fiscal 2017 earnings call. Joining on the call today are Chief Executive Officer, Mark Mondello; and Chief Financial Officer, Forbes Alexander. This call is being recorded and will be posted for audio playback on jabil.com, in the Investors section. Our third quarter press release, slides and corresponding webcast links are also available on our website. In these materials, you will find the financial information that we will cover during this conference call. We ask that you now follow our presentation with the slides on the website, beginning with Slide 2, our forward-looking statement. During this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements including among other things, those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business such as our currently expected fourth quarter of fiscal 2017 net revenue and earnings. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2016, and our other filings with the SEC. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. On today's call we'll begin with an update from Mark followed by third quarter results and fourth quarter guidance from Forbes. Following our prepared comments, we will open it up to your questions. I will now turn the call over to Mark.
Adam Berry: Thank you, Forbes. Before we being the question-and-answer session, I'd like to remind our call participants that in customary fashion, we will not be addressing customer or product specific questions. Thank you for your cooperation. Jacob, we are now ready for Q&A.
Adam Berry: Thank you everyone for joining our call today. We'll certainly be here this evening for any follow-up calls you may have. And thank you again for your interest in Jabil.
Mark Mondello: I'll address that in two parts. One is, I do believe that fourth quarter -- I don't remember exactly what I said but like I said, something around the fact that fourth quarter would be EMS margins at 4.2%. I think we've got a really good chance to getting there in fourth quarter. In terms of next year, I think I would -- in my preparatory comments today I said something about EMS growing 3%; if you take the top line from this year and call that -- I don't know, $417 million, $420 million at the midpoint of our guide; take that up 3% -- keep a margin profile very similar to FY17 both in terms of by quarter and for the whole fiscal year.
Mark Mondello: That's a tough one, it depends on where it comes from but I would say as we close out '17 -- again, there is always going to be some level of modest maintenance CapEx, but our footprint today if it's sorted out right probably can support anywhere from $19.5 billion to $22 billion depending on how it lays in.
Mark Mondello: Yes. Sure, certainly Steve, that was a lot, let me try to remember all that. So there is drags in big chunks of the market and there is great outlooks in good chunks to the market and you shake all that up and you get the 3% growth. And when I think about the fact that EMS is going to end this year at -- you know, if we hit midpoint of guidance in 4Q, you know, you're talking about a business of little over $11 billion, so three points of growth on that is I think very good in this market and fairly significant in absolute dollars. I would say, you know, when I refer to EMS 2.0, it's -- there is a multitude of things starting with our structure. So we restructured the company about 3.5 to 4 years ago; one of the things Steve that we're just doing differently in the last 24 months and it's making a big difference is; we don't go out and talk to the market or talk to customers about building rectangular circuit boards or electronics -- we really are taking an approach where we're going out and bringing some really cool solutions to the marketplace and sometimes that has electronics in it, sometimes it doesn't, so that's one. Number two is, as I try to illustrate in my prepared remarks the EMS business today is just -- it's just massively broad, I mean it's -- that business in and itself is probably approaching -- I don't know, 180 customers, maybe more. So I think it has to do with our approach to the market, not bringing preconceived notions to what they may want around key electronics and really kind of respectfully listening and then bringing forward solutions. And I also talked in the prepared remarks around -- I would say in the last 18 months and I see this accelerating maybe parabolicly in the next two to three years; we've really got a pretty cool digital flair around the business in terms of how to help people solution things from a data analytics and supply chain perspective. So it's a little bit of contribution from a lot of parts, and I feel good about what the team has done in the last 18 months and I feel really, really good about how things look for fiscal year '18. I think as we maybe get into the September call, we've got quite a bit of cool things in the pipeline. Our pedigree and personality is not to talk about a lot of that stuff until it starts to become material. Right or wrong, so I think as we get into the September call and maybe the December call, you will start hearing some more cool things we're doing on the EMS space.
Mark Mondello: Okay. So I think the -- on a sequential basis -- actually, if you look at on a sequential basis or a year-on-year basis, I think the guide for Q4 is quite good and I think that's a testament of; A) we've been tapping the drum a bit on healthcare and packaging; and then also we've got a lot going on in our Greenpoint business as maybe you can imagine and again, I know sometimes you guys get frustrated but we just can't -- we can't add a lot of color to that at this point.
Mark Mondello: Well, the nice thing is I do think we're doing what we said we're going to do which feels pretty good. I think there is also a level of conservatism in anything we come out with on earnings calls when we're talking to you guys. So I think it's combination of that and then maybe remember that we get a pretty good advanced look at product roadmaps and what-not of our customers that might be a couple of quarters ahead or at least a quarter ahead of when stuff ends up getting communicated or hit in the street. So again I think you shake all that stuff up and we're kind of spot-on off where we thought we'd be.
Mark Mondello: Well, that was a pretty opaque question. I think that we always see things in the supply chain that have been slow Sean. I'd say that on the silicon side we're seeing pockets of tightening with our scale and how long we've been in this business, we typically are pretty good at being able to solution tight pockets on the silicon side; so today the constraints are minimal and to the extent that we're feeling any near-term pockets of friction, we've considered that in our numbers. In terms of maybe technologies, new technologies or things like that in other markets -- you know, there is a lot of rumors out in the marketplace about this set [ph] and the other and I'd just prefer not to comment on all that. I could -- I believe that we're sitting in the middle of -- we serve 12 or 13 different end markets and we're kind of sitting right in the middle of the stew all the time so anything that's out there today or we have good visibility off or any of that friction points that we feel, those have been considered both in our guide for Q4 and the discussion points about '18.
Mark Mondello: I think if you go back to what I said earlier in the call today and you go back to what I said in the call in March and you go back to what I said in the call December, we've been pretty consistent with healthcare and packaging combined -- that business would go strong double-digits; I think in today's prepared remarks I talked about 20%. And I cabbie [ph] out of that saying the 20% would be kind of an annual CAGR between fiscal year '16 and fiscal year '19. So I don't see this as a steep function, is it sustainable beyond '19, I don't know, it depends; all businesses start to flat toe a little bit when they get to some scale. But as we sit today, I stand behind the 20% growth from here forward at least through fiscal year '19.
Mark Mondello: Good question. Steve, I'd characterize it this way. I would say in the 20% CAGR and I can't comment on the backhalf of say fiscal year '16 to '19 but as we sit today certainly through fiscal year '18 and maybe into '19, I would say that -- I'd say there is a 50-50, 60-40 split between margin expansion and revenue growth, maybe 70-30; and that really has to do with maybe 70% margin expansion, 30% topline growth, 60-40 somewhere in there. Let me explain just for a minute. We did the Nypro acquisition and I think we closed that kind of around July of '13 and lot of integration, lot of moving parts, trying to figure out what we wanted to do with it, combining it with electronics, combining it with sensors, trying to make a really good holistic cool play for the healthcare space and outpace [ph] this real kind of interesting consumer packaging business; and all of a sudden, our engineers and our commercial people grab a hold of that and they are like, wow, there is something here that we can take to the market if you just give us a little time to figure out how to cross solutions around that. So there is probably an 18 to 24 month timeframe that we've been investing heavily in people, we've invested some capital, we've invested in a lot of cool solutions; so that's never done. Again, I'll go back to -- I think that there is a digital component to both our healthcare approach and our packaging approach which is upon us right now. But as we look forward, again, I -- I like what I see, hence the communication and discussion around the 20%. So I would think that we're coming out of some pretty heavy investment period in both of those areas and we'll start to hopefully [indiscernible], we'll start to see kind of the fruits to that labor.
Mark Mondello: Amit, I think I gave you all we're going to give you and I don't mean to be coy or evasive but I tried to throw some words down in my prepared comments; there is a lot of moving parts, I think we were really descript on EMS. So based on some questions early on in the Q&A, as well as prepared comments, you guys should be able to dial-in the EMS model right and tight. You guys can make some pretty good assumptions around the packaging and healthcare, and with the DMS -- balance of DMS; I'd rather just hold on that and really not get into any more discussion until we get to the September call other than to say, you roundout the EMS models, you make some assumptions around packaging and healthcare, and we feel pretty good about the $2.60 that we put out there. And I think the other thing I said in my prepared remarks is, I think it's -- whatever you come up with for DMS in total, I think that -- I forget the words that I used but I think the DMS business will be kind of front-half loaded and there is obvious reasons why that might be.
Mark Mondello: Adam, I think that's a great question. So -- and we sat here for a couple of days and debated, do we say anything about '18 or not. I just feel like there is nobody that understands our business better than the management team and have in sell side and buy side try to kind of navigate through what things are going to look like. It's just -- it's tough go; so we decided to run a bunch of different sensitivity models and a bunch of analysis and give you a number that we believe in. So what's changed? I think our EMS business is more stable than ever, and that's a business that -- if you just run the math on it, that's now going to be approaching $11.5 billion. Our packaging and healthcare business have long sticky lifecycles to them and you heard what I said on a couple of other questions in regards to packaging and healthcare. We've got a couple of other things in the company going on that we'll see how they turn out and then the wild card really is around what we do with the mobility space in DMS. And we've made some assumptions set around that, we've stared it, forecast and business plans and everything else and we feel okay with the $2.60.
Mark Mondello: I'll comment on the first half and not the second half again because there is so many moving parts. I think it's fair to think that in the first half of fiscal year '18 will be in 5% to 7% range and we'll see what happens in the second half.
Mark Mondello: So Jim the site I think you're referring to is our new site in Indonesia. And what we've took a hard look at about three years ago, three and a half years ago was -- is -- we've developed as you know, better than anybody; we've developed an amazing capability on the machining side of our business and its material science, it's intricate precision engineering and we gave it lot of thought to where else we might be able to apply that type of talent. And one thing that was quite obvious to us was aerospace and defense. So we had a lot of internal conversations and we're making what I think is a good strategic yet relatively modest bet in Indonesia and if we get it right we think it will be transformational for the aerospace business. So I think it will be state-of-the-art machining center that is incredibly cost sensitive, yet hugely capable and I think it could be disruptive. So we'll see its early days, we haven't spend a lot of time talking about it only because again the facilities drop [ph] and we're starting to launch product there but let's see what happens through fiscal year '18 as we start to get to critical mass and we're pretty excited about it. Your second question, we had -- you can imagine, you know, a company approaching $20 billion in size, we don't always get everything right and we had a largely a single customer issue in the energy space and it wouldn't be a brand that you probably would know, so it was a small customer, non-U.S. and we decided to disengage with the customer.
Mark Mondello: I won't get into that detail but I like the question. You know, I think your question kind of illustrates what then I was trying to say earlier in prepared remarks. We're seeing it across the board and I would say areas that we're driving, so even in end markets that might be declining a bit, we're picking up share. So I don't know how sustainable that is but it's happening, so I'll take it. In areas that I think are more sustainable in the EMS space; automotive is quite interesting to us, energy is quite interesting to us. What we're doing on some industrial areas is pretty interesting to us. We've -- we're doing a lot in kind of security in digital home. We're doing some really cool stuff in kind of what I would call hyper cloud type of things and our Telco business is strong. And then I think I also mentioned in my prepared remarks kind of capital semi-cap equipment and what's going on in the world of silicon right now and we're playing in that space. And I would also say our FY18 numbers with the growth probably include three or four other markets that we'll tend to talk about more in September or December when they become a little bit more relevant.
Mark Mondello: I don't know. I mean, I -- we're efforting like crazy to get there, kind of reset the company, how sustainable it is after that. I think if we get there, it's sustainable but we've got a lot of work to do and I think your math is correct, I think that as a corporation, you know, if we hit the midpoint of our guidancing in 4Q of this year, I think our corporate margins for the year will be around 3.5%. You know, if we can pick up 20/30 basis points year-on-year, that's good; if we can pick up a full 50 basis points in margin in '18, I think that's really good. So again, when I think about cash flows, when I think about management and CapEx, when I think about our guide forward, when I think about a lot of the stuff we've talked about on the call, when I think about all the different aspects to the business -- you know, we're sitting in a pocket right now, we're -- A) we're doing what we're saying we're doing and a lot of good things are happening. So I'd like to see us get to the 4% before I think about how sustainable that is and we're working hard to get there.
Mark Mondello: Yes. I'd say there is not a lot of seasonality in the non-mobility DMS. If anything you could -- you maybe think about it, you know, for talking strictly about healthcare and packaging, just because of how that business runs; you know, I might give that a 40-60 or 45-55 split with the backhalf being a little bit stronger but there is not a ton of seasonality to that Sherry.
Forbes Alexander: Yes Ruplu, so -- we'll spend roughly about $600 million this fiscal year. I characterized that and maintenance is a big organization, our maintenance level is probably 50% of that, so -- and that's spread broadly across the whole enterprise. The balance, you know, we are -- we did talk about earlier in the year making investments in Indonesia as we're bringing up a site there to support our aircraft machining business; so that's probably $40 million or $50 million of that $300 million. There is clearly some additional investments going into the Greenpoint business, but those are not a large dynamic in this year’s spend. So it's broadly spend, I think one of the largest areas is that new sites as I say in Southeast Asia as we support new program ramps there.
Forbes Alexander: Yes, you know, there is a lot of moving parts for next year but if I take everyone back to our Analyst Day last year; and our expectations of cash flows were -- what $3.5 billion over a three-year period, '17 being the first year of that. So you should start to see some growth, I think it's reasonable to expect it to grow in-line with that earnings growth, we're not seeing any incredible dislocation in terms of our working capital metrics, so we'll see some growth like next year, got a lot to shakeout in terms of the quarterly profile, just given the dynamics around some major product ramps that we’ve got going on as we move into the first quarter, but certainly we should see some growth, give you a lot more color on that as we come into our September call.
Forbes Alexander: Yes. So I'll commit what was the return upto $1 billion or 40% of cash flow from operations of fiscal '17 and '18. So the way that works out that includes the dividend as well, so if I just stripped the dividend out, let's call out what $60 million a year, so $120 million, so the balance of that $1 billion would be stock repurchase. To-date we've brought back 330 of that commitment averaging about $22.34 through the May period. So yes, we're still on-track, we're committed to returning those capitals, as you'd say, the stocks moved up nicely since we launched this program but we still think there is ways to go here where I was driving towards $3 of an earnings per share in fiscal '19, the commentary we're giving today around '18 gives us comfort that we're well interacted to do that. So yes, we're still committed to returning that $1 billion.
Forbes Alexander: That's fair. And I guess just in the front-half loaded dynamic that you mentioned, historically obviously the November quarter tends to be the strong one for it, the DMS business for the mobility ramps, right. Is this 26% growth you are seeing in DMS right now sustainable or is it a little bit of maybe things that you're involved with are happening neither in August and the things you may not be involved with happen more deferred. So the November quarter year-over-year growth may not be as robust as 26% in DMS.
Forbes Alexander: Yes. Much is going to depend on what we see going on broadly through our fourth quarter, okay. Q1 of '17 wherein our DMS business was $2.4 billion or something in that nature; so we just have -- you know, that's a tough compare but we just have to wait and see how that plays out. Certainly I think there is opportunity to go north of that but there is a lot of pieces to shake out yet as we sit here, 90 days away from a call in September but we certainly feel that first half next year within our DMS segment, our mobility segment, our Greenpoint organization will be strong but as I say and as Mark said in prepared comments, a lot of pieces to shake out yet.
Forbes Alexander: Again, early. What we talked about in the Analyst Day was the goal to keep it around that $600 million level, we talked about that last September. As we sit today, I think that's reasonable, as I said today but we're in heavy planning phases as you might imagine moving into our September timeframe, we'll see where that goes. If there is opportunities that make sense to us to really go that top line then we'll look at those investments but we really have scale within our Greenpoint operations that we're very, very comfortable with. I think that can meet pretty much anything that's thrown at us. So it would be perhaps opportunities in the healthcare area, packaging area and more broadly running out some EMS capabilities but as long as we sit today, hold on to that $600 million number from an outline purposes.
Forbes Alexander: Adam, it's Forbes. What I had asked you to follow is the cash number rather than the GAAP numbers. So in terms of DMS, we -- there has been some asset write-downs, some accruals made in that regard. We've also made some accruals around announcement we made to take some high cost capacity out in Western Europe, that's actually healthcare and packaging based facility. So that's driving that number in DMS that you're seeing there. So what I'd asked people to do is follow the cash. Whilst we -- I think year-to-date recorded about $110 million in restructuring charges, the cash on that is probably $15 million or so, there is another $5 million or $10 million to come in Q4. So once you see that cash come out, that's essentially unfortunately employees leaving the company or leases being concluded as such like and then you see the income being laid in. So a lot of the SG&A cuts we made earlier in the fiscal year were focused here on the corporate group and based on our call for allocation methodology, 65% to 70% of that cost falls into our EMS segment by the balance into DMS. So hence my previous comments around where the focus of this is. Overall, $25 million this year, we'll see something in the similar nature next year and probably about $80 million as we move into '19 overall coming on a cost base.
Forbes Alexander: Yes. I do a steady progression on buybacks, I assume something similar to this year. I assume that cash flows will be there which I believe -- and that will fulfill close to the $1 billion.
