Mark Mondello: Thanks, Adam. Good morning. I appreciate everyone taking time to join our call today. I'll begin by thanking our folks here at Jabil for their continued hard work and commitment. I'd also like to extend my sincere gratitude to each and every Jabil employee for making safety their personal priority. And before getting into our results and the business at hand, I want to wish all of you a safe and peaceful holiday season.  Now please turn to Slide 4 where we'll look at our first quarter results. Our team generated core operating income of $277 million on revenues of $7.5 billion, resulting in core earnings per share of $1.05 and a core operating margin of 3.7%. During the quarter, we delivered to our plan of record with one exception, this exception being our newly formed geocentric cloud services business, which came in well above our forecasted revenue. This revenue upside was helpful for the quarter, but for me, what's most valuable is how our cloud solution is being accepted and adopted in the marketplace. Overall, Q1 gave us a favorable start to the year. As is customary, Mike will provide more detail around our Q1 results and speak to our forward guidance during his prepared remarks.  With the first quarter behind us, the team is dialed in. We're obsessed with providing first rate solutions to our customers while also delivering for our shareholders. We understand that financial results matter and matter a lot, but how we go about producing these results is paramount to me. Said differently, I think often about our purpose and our conduct. And when I think about our purpose and conduct, I think about keeping our people safe and ensuring a fully inclusive work environment. I think about unmatched customer care and giving back to the communities around the globe. As CEO, I'm just so appreciative that our team is squarely hitting the mark in all of these areas, and if our conduct and behavior stands through the year, as I expect it will, we'll have a banner FY '20, a year that will make us all very proud.  Moving on to Slide 6, you'll see a terrific picture, a picture which shows the composition of our commercial portfolio. This picture underscores the effort and effectiveness of our team. Over the past few years, I've repeatedly addressed the deliberate increase to our diversification and the positive impact it has on our business. Diversification is key to our performance. Furthermore, the makeup of our commercial portfolio is special, in fact, intentional and unique when considering the full enterprise.  A bit of our foundational magic which makes the portfolio so powerful comes from our ability to efficiently and quickly share technologies across our various business sectors and do so with little friction. With each passing year, our revenue has become far less dependent on any single product or product family, improving the predictability of our earnings while enhancing our ability to execute. Our performance suggests that our diversification strategy continues to excel and gives us tremendous confidence as we move to the back half of FY '20.  And that brings us to our update for the year. Please turn to Slide 7. Our company is well positioned. As we highlighted in September, we're intensely focused on 3 financial metrics: Margins, earnings and cash flows. We anticipate revenues will be up roughly $1.4 billion year-on-year when compared to fiscal '19. More importantly, we see the income coming through side by side with the increase to revenue. Therefore, core operating income will now be in the neighborhood of $980 million for the year, confirming our core margin target of 3.7%. This improved income outlook for the year translates to $3.60 a share in core earnings, up $0.15 from the outlook we offered in September. Lastly, we remain committed to delivering free cash flow in excess of $500 million for the year.  In closing, I smile when considering our total body of work. Progress has been explicit and steady. Strategy has been consistent and disciplined and our path forward is clear. We're ushered ahead by our structure, our team and our culture where the whole is far greater than the simple sum of the parts. I truly believe Jabil is making the world just a little bit better, a little bit healthier and a little bit safer each and every day, and we value our role as a responsible and reliable partner to many of the best brands on the planet.  I want to once again offer a special thanks to our team and acknowledge their near-perfect execution during this past quarter. I feel strongly that our execution will continue as the team is carrying good organizational momentum into the back half of the year.  With that, I'd like to wish everyone on the call a safe and peaceful holiday. I'll now turn the call over to Mike.
Mark Mondello: Yes. Thanks, Adam. Nothing has changed since 90 days ago. I think we've got customers to serve. First and foremost, we're going to do everything we can to continue to deliver for shareholders. But we've got really good solutions and services. I think Mike said in his prepared remarks, our DMS revenue came in squarely in line. EMS was up, I don't know, give or take $500 million. $350 million of that was from our cloud services business and about $150 million was kind of scattered across EMS. If I think about the scale of our EMS business, that $150 million is about a 3% uptick, which I think squarely in the air rate of trying to figure out revenue top line with the business so large. And then on the cloud business, as I said in my prepared remarks, it's not just about the uptick for the quarter but how the services are being received in the marketplace.  I think what I'm pleased about is, is unlike some quarters in '19, the income came through and came through nicely with the additional uptick in revenue. So if I just take that $350 million out, and not to make light of the $350 million, I think things are squarely where we thought they would be 90 days ago. And again, what we're driving for, and I think is a good portion of your context is, is consistency. I really like the consistency of the quarter relative to September, beginning year outlook.
Mark Mondello: Steve, let me take a swing. So I would characterize it a couple ways. Let me maybe take it up a level and talk about the enterprise. So I think our center point guide for the quarter was $260 million. We delivered $277 million, uptick of about $17 million. We got about $5 million to $6 million of leverage in DMS on revenue that was really spot on to where our guide was. That's a great tribute to our DMS team.  On the $350 million uptick from cloud as well as the other $150 million across the EMS enterprise, so call it the $500 million, we also got what I would characterize as acceptable leverage. The net-net effect of the EMS leverage though, Steve, we saw some deleverage in 5G. And again, we're still bullish on the 5G rollout. There were some areas during Q1 where we saw a little bit of deleverage, but you shake all that up, and again, I'm really pleased with the income that came through on a net basis with the additional upsides of the EMS revenue.
Mark Mondello: Yes. Thanks again. Yes, I. Don't want to get into too much details around it. But again, kind of overall, speaking firstly with our health care business, our health care business and that whole team continues to just do a really, really nice job with services and solutions into the marketplace. With the collaboration with JJMD specifically, I think what we said multiple times last year was that revenue for this year would be in the range of $800 million to $1 billion. And I think what Mike might have alluded to is I would think that revenue for fiscal year '20 would be on the upper end of that and maybe slightly higher than $1 billion. So in terms of that business, it's going well and we're working really, really hard to serve JJMD.
Mark Mondello: That's true. Yes. I think that's a good point, is in FY '19, I think DMS margins were around 4%. In September, we said there would be about a 10 basis point uptick on DMS margins for FY '20 for the year. So pleased with how things are going, health care overall, JJMD. But again, JJMD is still in what I'd consider kind of a semi transition ramp mode through FY '20 moving into '21. And if you kind of exclude that, DMS margins for the year would be closer to 4.3%., so as Mike said, up 30 basis points year-on-year.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Jim. Okay. That was a lot. So let me try to break that into a couple of pieces. The thing I think we've done a reasonably good job of is we've been very, very consistent in talking about the cloud business. If I think back to fiscal '19, there was a couple of our earnings calls where we actually had a specific slide around the cloud solution as we understood that it can be a little bit confusing. Our -- I would characterize the solution that we're providing as a geocentric asset-light services business. I don't expect the cloud business to go away. I think it's being very well received in the marketplace. And I think we're solving a few different tangential problems with the services and solutions that we're providing, Jim.  The other part of it is the cloud solution that we have is very much a fulfillment model, and so some of it has to do with reducing overall working capital, agility, flexibility in unit configuration. So we've intentionally set that model up, unlike a business that might be a pure white box design, a business that might be more aligned with some of the standard EMS businesses that are more asset-intensive. We've been very thoughtful and the team has been very thoughtful in setting up our cloud business in a very, very asset-light manner.  And so again, the cost and the overall infrastructure can ebb and flow quite nicely with fluctuations in demand. So I don't have a lot of anxiety around some of the demand fluctuations. I think the nice thing is we do anticipate, if there is upside to the business a bit like there was in Q1, I do think that there will be some level of income that will come along with that fluctuation.  In terms of the automotive, one of the things, I think, that our team has done a nice job of is we've been very, very selective in which part of the automotive sector end markets we're choosing to play in. A significant portion of our automotive business is not reliant on what I would call overall automotive sales. So if I think about combustion engines and legacy type of automobiles, our automotive business is more predicated on electrification, the electronic nature of the vehicles and an overall increase in electronic content as well as sensing and sensors. So when I'm thinking about our business, I think a better proxy than overall automotive sales would be what's going on around electrification of vehicles and then overall electrical content. So I hope those answer your questions.
Mark Mondello: Let's go slow, Ruplu. We got a lot of work ahead to deliver this year. I think for now, I would stay firm with the $4 and the 4% margin. And again, the $4 is important. For me, the 4% margin is what we're all focused on. So whether next year in terms of EPS is $3.90, $3.95, $4, $4.05, $4.10, we're really dialed in on the 4% margin. But for now let's keep it at the $4 and 4%. And if things change at all, we'll talk about that more in the March call and the June call.
Mark Mondello: Yes. So for the year, if you kind of reference back to the green, blue chart that Mike showed, I think we're showing overall mobility roughly flat. We're seeing a nice uptick in health care and packaging, of which a portion of that will be the JJMD collaboration, edge device and lifestyle products. If we look at where we were in September, no change, but year-on-year, that's coming down a bit as we kind of reshape that portfolio. You could think about -- and that kind of covers DMS, Matt. And I think, I think about that as, as we reshape edge device and lifestyle, year-on-year, that coming down $400 million or $500 million, whatever the number is, it's being replaced by some health care and packaging business, which we're pretty excited about.  If I think about kind of puts and takes for EMS for the year, we've taken automotive and semi cap up year-on-year. So last year, I think our automotive, semi cap was in the $2 billion range, maybe just short of that. And we've taken that up to about $2.5 billion for the year. Again, in Suva's question, I talked about kind of the catalyst for automotive, and then we're still staying pat on a semi cap recovery this summer, which has been very consistent with what we said in the September time frame.  And then the other areas are a little bit of an uptick in Industrial & Energy. 5G cloud, again, starting off the year, we saw some lumpiness and some softness in the 5G area. We imagine that will come back. We're still very bullish long term on 5G, but again, I think it'll be with a little bit of choppiness. And then Mike talked in his prepared remarks about the uptick for the quarter in the cloud business. And again, we're early days in that, but it's being well received in the marketplace. And then lastly, we're seeing some weakness on the legacy enterprise customers.
Mark Mondello: I don't want to debate where leverage lies. I think we're heavily, heavy -- heavily reliant on our customers, and I hope we provide great service for them. In terms of -- I don't know why some of our competitors are walking away from business. If it's bad business, I think it's good for our industry if people walk away from things like that. For us, I think we're kind of keeping our head down, sticking to our knitting, if you will, rolling out solutions and services that seem to be well received.  I think I would close my answer to your question with we are not chasing revenue and we are, again, really focused on margin and cash flow. We talked about that through '19. We talked about that in September. So I just want to be clear, if we have customers that are walking away from business that's not good business, you can be 100% sure we're not going to put that sand in our bucket. And again, we're kind of keeping our head down and being sure that we're doing the best job we can to grow, but grow in an area that continues to support our goal of driving 4% margins in '21.
Michael Dastoor: Yes. So the $25 million, Adam, does come in, in the second half of the year. The savings do come in then. You'll be close to the 3% in Q3, Q4. I think Q3 would be higher than 3% and Q4 will be just around that 3% level.
Michael Dastoor: And Steve, I think on the September call, we highlighted that the strategic collaboration has a bit of a dilutive effect for us. In FY '20, DMS margins will be about 20 to 30 basis points higher if it wasn't for the strategic collaboration ramp.
Michael Dastoor: And Jim, if I could just add. We did post some videos in September at our investor briefing. I think if you want a little bit more color on cloud, the E&I video is a good one to watch.
Michael Dastoor: Yes. We continue to be committed to that $500 million plus, I think, is the phrase we used. We're still all confident about that number. So I'd just take that as a $500 million plus. As far as buybacks are concerned, we did $96 million in Q1. I think in September, we talked about a $600 million authorization. $250 million of that was going to be in FY '20, $350 million in '21. That still stands. So we'll probably do the balance of the $250 million over the next three quarters in FY '20.
Michael Dastoor: No major changes to the CapEx outlook that we outlined in September. Yes, and half will continue to come from the health care side.
Michael Dastoor: It's exactly as we stated in September, and we talked about a $600 million authorization. We said we'll do $250 million in FY '20 and $350 million in FY '21. No change at all to that. I think we'll just continue with that $250 million in FY '20
