Beth Walters: Thank you very much. Welcome to our first quarter of 2016 earnings call. Joining me today on the call are Chief Executive Officer, Mark Mondello; and our Chief Financial Officer, Forbes Alexander. This call is being recorded and will be posted for audio playback on the Jabil website at jabil.com in the Investors section. Our first quarter press release, slides and corresponding webcast links are also available on our website. In these materials, you will find the financial information that we will cover during this conference call. We ask that you follow our presentation with the slides on the website, beginning with Slide 2, our forward-looking statement. During this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements, including those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business, our currently expected second quarter of fiscal 2016 net revenue and earnings results, other financial performance for the company and our long-term outlook for the company. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2015, on subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K and our other securities filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Today Forbes will begin our call with fiscal 2016 first quarter results and then guidance for our fiscal 2016 second quarter. Mark will follow with his comments and some details on our outlook for the business in fiscal 2016. And following these opening remarks, we will open it up to questions from call attendees for questions. I would now turn the call over to Forbes.
Beth Walters: Operator, I’d like to remind everyone before we begin the Q&A session that in customary fashion, we will not be able to address any customer or product specific questions and we ask for your cooperation. Thank you.
Beth Walters: Okay. Thank you very much operator and thank you everyone for joining us on the call today. We will here for rest of this week. I will remind you that we do shutter for the holidays here in our corporate offices. So, if you want to talk to us, get in this week. All right, thank you. Happy Holidays.
Forbes Alexander: Thank you, Beth. Good afternoon, everyone. I’d like to ask you to turn to Slide 3, where I’ll review our first quarter results. Net revenue for our first quarter was $5.2 billion, an increase of 14% on a year-over-year basis. GAAP operating income was $215 million, while GAAP net income was $132 million. GAAP net diluted earnings per share were $0.68 for the quarter. Core operating income, excluding amortization of intangibles, stock-based compensation and restructuring costs was $248 million, and represented 4.8% of revenue. Core diluted earnings per share was $0.85. Now turning to Slide 4 for our segment discussion. In the first quarter revenue for our diversified manufacturing services segment was approximately $2.5 billion, an increase of 30% on a year-over-year basis representing 48% of total company revenue. Our core operating margin was 6.7% reflective of strong execution in the midst of several complex ramps. Our Electronics Manufacturing Services segment revenue was $2.7 billion, an increase of 3% on a year-over-year basis representing 52% of total company revenue. Core operating income for this segment was also solid at 3.1% as a result of broad strength across the segment. I would now like to review some of our balance sheet metrics on Slide 5. We ended the quarter with cash balances of approximately $1.1 billion. Cash flow from operations for the quarter was $145 million. Net capital expenditures was expected in total $249 million. Capital expenditures for the full fiscal year remained in the range of $800 million to $1 billion as we continue to invest for future growth opportunities. Our core EBITDA for the quarter was $402 million representing 7.7% of revenue, an increase of 120 basis points over the same period last year. Our core return on invested capital for the quarter was 24%, a 5% improvement on a year-over-year basis. Also during the quarter we repurchased approximately 2.8 million shares, at a total cost of $55 million, thereby exhausting our current share repurchase authorization. In addition during the first fiscal quarter, I am pleased to note that we acquired Shemer. The addition of Shemer's 30 years of experience expand our capabilities and footprint in Israel bringing expertise and design, basic to highly complex mechanical fabrication, integration of full systems level assembly, and test and fulfillment activity supporting leading capital equipment and large format print brands with sophisticated chassis, enclosures and motion systems. I'd now like to discuss our business outlook for our second fiscal quarter. And note that Mark will follow up some discussion around the full fiscal year in his prepared remarks. We expect revenue in the second quarter of 2016 to be in the range of $4.4 billion to $4.7 billion, an increase of 6% at this midpoint on a year-over-year basis, and reflective of seasonal consumer demand on a sequential basis. Core operating income is estimated to be in the range of $170 million to $210 million and core earnings per share are estimated to be in the range of $0.54 to $0.70 per diluted share. GAAP earnings per share is expected to be in the range of $0.37 to $0.55 per diluted share, this based upon a diluted share account of 195 million shares. And based upon the current estimated mix of earnings, the tax rate for the full fiscal year remains estimated at 24%. Finally, turning to our segment outlook, I’d ask you to turn to Slide 8. The Diversified Manufacturing Services segment is expected to increase approximately 14% on a year-over-year basis, with revenues estimated to be approximately $1.9 billion. The Electronics Manufacturing Services segment is expected to remain consistent on a year-over-year basis with the revenues estimated to be approximately $2.6 billion. I’d now like to hand the call over to Mark.
Forbes Alexander: Yes, as we had expected, this particular quarter coming in we had laid down capacity and got off to a great start to the fiscal year. Our team is really executing beautifully there and some really high levels of efficiency right through our business in general both DMS and EMS segments and some nice cost controls. So yes the gross margin [eclipsed] [ph] 9% and we look forward to continuing that as we move forward into the future.
Forbes Alexander: Sure Jim, so the acquisition that I discussed was a company called Shemer. They are based in Israel and this is very distinct from the Plasticos acquisition that we made last quarter. I’ll remind everyone that the Plasticos acquisition is focused around building at our European footprint in the packaging area which is Mark as just said, we’re pretty bullish on. At this particular acquisition brings with it a lot of expertise in highly complex mechanical fabrication and integration of equipment that supports semiconductor space, digital printing and analytical inspection tools. So this is again something that some key initiatives we've had underway over the last year or so helps us to build our solution set to support our customers in that space. Our overall revenue, we’re integrating this, I think on a full year perspective basis initially is, is somewhere around $100 million but certainly we’re looking to grow that well north of that as we move forward with some exciting opportunities there. I'd address the second question as well Jim in terms of capital allocation. You‘re correct our share repurchase authorization had no expire we consume that in our first fiscal quarter and that our thinking today is reiterated our capital equipment expenditures $900 million for the year as midpoint and Mark also talked about $400 million of free cash flow after that CapEx notwithstanding any acquisitions we might undertake. But, as we said about things today we're continuing to focus on growth. You may see us do some modest share repurchase as we move forward to stop any dilution in terms of our share count but as we sit today we’re comfortable with where our dividends is today, we’re comfortable in terms of share repurchase and our key focus right now is around, driving that free cash flow to build into these growth opportunities we see. Selling through '16 and we'll see how ‘17 and ‘18 look as we progress towards second half of '16.
Forbes Alexander: Sure. So the improvement really comes from in the back half of last year, we talked about some investments in operating expense as we’re ramping several programs. So very much as expected, so once we get those programs ramp up to volume in the capacity installed, we see that pull through in terms of margin. We saw margins north of six points in the same quarter a year ago, so very typical in terms of when we’re laying down capacity and as we see ramping number of programs. So overall a very, very good result and a little bit stronger than perhaps, initially anticipated just given some great execution by the team.
Forbes Alexander: Yes, sure Amit. Mark referred to some investments in the back half in our DMS. I'll remind you we are in the process of adding additional footprint and capacity that’s very consistent with what we talked about 90 days ago. So that will be build out in June, July timeframe at some investment associated with that and then ultimately the investments associated with bringing off a number of new program ramps where we should start to hit our stride essentially as we move into late in the fourth quarter and into the first fiscal quarter of 2017. So just under a year from now. So that’s why you’re seeing some of that, that margin contraction there, and then we’ll see that bounce back up as we seen in this fiscal year in the first half of the year.
Forbes Alexander: That’s principally focused around the DMS area. Of course we’re seeing great strength in EMS in the back half of the year, some dollars there but I'll put that as marginal on the fringe. It’s really associated with the scale of ramps and the scale of capacity we’re adding and to support our DMS growth.
Forbes Alexander: Sure. So cash flows for the quarter, we did see sequentially expansion in our sales cycle of two days. So that’s about $90 million to $100 million and typically one would model about 4 days. So that’s really tied with the pretty explosive growth sequentially in the quarter.  So what we will see is a very big Q2 as those receivables are liquidated as we move through December here and into early January. So we should still be looking at operational cash flows, $1.3 billion, $1.4 billion this fiscal year and as I say, Q2 will be a very strong quarter. Should certainly be well north of $350 million in the fiscal quarter and then we should see that type of level in Q3 and a solid Q4 also. So still very, very comfortable with those types of numbers. You're right in terms of our cash flow statement about 67 million, that’s not all associated with Shemer, majority of it is that was another small tuck-in acquisition that we did in the quarter to support some of these capabilities that we are building out.
Mark Mondello: Hi Steve, this is Mark. One thing I would have you think about is the decline sequentially is as you described. The interesting part is, if you look at our DMS revenue year-on-year, even with the sequential decline I think it’s up about 15% which again is a reflection of the strength of the business and the investments we've made.
Mark Mondello: It's combination of both, but I would say on the EMS side, it's probably a 70/30 split, something like that, so as we sit today we’re still efforting to do 5% growth for the year in EMS, Brian.
Mark Mondello: Hi, Sherri. So, yes, I think it's – let me start with our EMS businesses, as you know it’s extremely broad. So for the year EMS will be a big business. We’re planning on that to be for the year north of $11 billion and it cuts across a ton of customers and in a number of end markets. In my prepared comments, I touched on automotive. I think there are some good secular trends going on there that I highlighted. The overall, what I would call kind of a digital connectivity market, I highlighted one proof point in my commentary around what’s going on with connected home and I think you can extrapolate that out into some other end markets. And then, I talked about Stack Velocity. So, that’s a new business for us that we’ve started in the last year or so and that’s gaining really good momentum, and that’s really about the aggregation of hardware for cloud solutions. And then, I also highlighted our capital equipment market. And that's really taking what we do at our core and also adding the capability of three acquisitions that we’ve recently made and support the capital equipment, and really it’s around the intricate capital equipment markets in the areas of semi-cap, advance test and industrial. But I didn’t want to get into 10 or 11 proof points in my prepared remarks. We’ve really got a lot of really good things going on cutting across most of that business.
Mark Mondello: What I was going to say Sherri is, that business when you think about the silos, you’ve got telecom, you got networking, you got storage, you got base stations, you got industrial and then you’ve got a significant number of sub businesses and what we call kind of in our legacy high velocity areas, so again its quite broad.
Mark Mondello: I think, a lot of it has to do with, I don’t think. Well, let me remain a little bit mute on the market. I think you characterize the market reasonably well. There’s pockets of some reasonable growth from an end market perspective. So I think from that you can conclude that a good portion of it is, is about our approach and the services that we’re providing.
Mark Mondello: I don’t want to comment on what we’re seeing as far as weakness or not especially in the mobility space. I think we’re pretty entrenched in that market and there’s a lot of speculation, a lot of data and I’d say, we’ve kind of factored all that in to our numbers as we sit today, Mark.
Mark Mondello: Yes, I’m not going to break that out, I will tell you pretty exciting things going on our business in the healthcare side and the packaging side. The healthcare business is interesting and I think I’d made a couple of comments in my prepared remarks. There’s a lot of disruption going on there. And we’re expanding our healthcare business into kind of looking at it as healthcare and wellness. There’s a lot of advancement going on in the wearable space, a lot of the wearable technologies don’t at clinical levels yet, but I think they’re heading in that way, so there’s a lot of exciting things putting all that together. And again our healthcare business is really well grounded in a couple of different silos from the pharma market to the diagnostics market to the med device market. So, good and interesting things there and I think that there is some good opportunities in healthcare side. And then on packaging, we’re really in the last couple of quarters driven an additional focus on that business with given it a little more independence than it had. And when you think about the packaging market, you’ve got packaging around rigid type devices or packages. You get flexible packaging and then you’ve got a whole area and smarter, intelligent packing. So, all that stuff is pretty interesting to us and we’re pretty bullish on that. As far as the mobility sector, I mean, obviously, mobility is an awfully important part our DMS sector and then we also have life styles and wearables as well. So, all-in-all if I think about the business, we’re taking it from what last year was a little over $7 billion to something quite a bit greater than $8 billion so I’m pretty pleased with that.
Mark Mondello: Andrew, it's Mark. Yes as I said earlier, I would characterize that as kind of maybe a 70/30 split. So, maybe 30% coming from new program wins and 70% coming from expansion of share wallet or based off of our existing core business.
Mark Mondello: Hi Amit, just maybe I could help clarify a little bit. So as we’re sitting today, I think our overall CapEx will be in the $800 million to $900 million range as we talked about in September. In fact I think in the September slide deck presentation, we actually gave you guys a breakdown by five or six different line items to be conservative in your models, I would use maybe a $900 million number for CapEx and what I alluded to in my prepared comments again was really talking more about OpEx and the OpEx investment will look similar to the OpEx investments we made in FY 2015, if you consider them as kind of a percent of DMS revenue. And that’s to take care of the preparation all of the engineering work and what not that goes into different product ramps on the DMS programs.
Mark Mondello: I guess it depends. It depends on what programs we win and what opportunities we have and if we have the good fortune to make these type of investments, if we can continue to grow earnings. So, it depends.
Mark Mondello: It's a combination of all kinds of different engineering, process, automation, et cetera, et cetera.
Mark Mondello: Yes. I understand your question. I think for the sake for modeling EMS is going to be a bit softer in Q2, so I wouldn’t hold it flat. I think EMS will be more, I don’t know, 2.5% range, you know 2.7% something like that and that should adjust your DMS model.
Mark Mondello: Sure, Sean. It's Mark again. I think I hit on little bit this earlier if you’re talking about –if you’re talking specific to healthcare. We have a bullish outlook on it, but I'd caution you up, everybody, not everybody - there’s lot of people racing to that space. It’s a space that’s been disrupted in a lot of different ways. It’s been disrupted at a hospital level. It’s been disrupted with data. It’s been disrupted from a digitization and mobility perspective. It's being disrupted as far as industry consolidation, if you just look at the mega mergers that have taken place. So, if we’re thoughtful about it that disruption can be good for us. And then, what I mentioned earlier is as you take all that and add wellness to that and the lines I think over time may get blurred between what's wellness and what’s truly healthcare if the demarcation line is kind of FDA type of stuff. I don’t know that anybody knows exactly where that will end up, but it’s a market with a kind of lot of leather around it right now, and disruption and we’re very interested in it. If we've got the right solutions I think it will be good for us for the next two, three, four years.
