Beth Walters: Thank you. Welcome everyone, to our second quarter of fiscal 2014 earnings call. Joining me today are CEO, Mark Mondello; and Chief Financial Officer, Forbes Alexander. This call is being recorded and will be posted for audio playback on the Jabil website, jabil.com, in the Investors section. Our second quarter press release, slides and corresponding webcast links are also available on our website. In these materials you will find the financial information that we will cover during this conference call. We ask that you follow our presentation with the slides on the website, beginning with slide two, our forward-looking statement. During this conference call we will be making forward-looking statements, including those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business, our currently expected third quarter of fiscal 2014 net revenue and earnings results, the financial performance for the company and our long-term outlook for the company. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions, involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2013, on subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K and our other securities filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Today’s call will begin with some opening remarks from Mark. We will then move on to our second fiscal quarter results and guidance on our third fiscal quarter of 2014 from Forbes Alexander. We will then open it up to questions from call attendees. I will now turn the call over to Mark.
Beth Walters: Great, thank you, Forbes. Before we begin our question-and-answer I’d like to remind our call participants that in customary fashion out of respect to our customers we are not able to and we’ll not address any customers specific or product specific question. So we thank you in advance for your cooperation, Operator, we’d now like to begin the Q&A session with our sell-side analysts. Thank you.
Beth Walters: Thank you all for joining us on the call today. Our apologies to Deutsche Bank and Longbow Research. Promise you will get at the top of the list on our next earnings call, but thank you all for joining us today. We are available here throughout the rest of the evening and week for any follow-up calls that you have. Thank you again for joining us.
Mark Mondello: Yeah. Sure Mark. It’s what we’re looking at right in front of us, Mark. I mean as I said in my prepared comments there is certainly risk to it, but we felt that like with the softness in the back half of FY’14 and Forbes and I debated long and hard about giving clarity and some color around FY’15. We have so much going on that we felt it was appropriate to offer up some color in ‘ 15 and I would just, I would tell you that in terms of our High Velocity business, in automotive, when I am looking at with our wearables and lifestyle business and then certainly the other parts of our MPG business and when I see what we got going on in development, that gave us the comfort to go ahead and give some color around FY’15. I think that along with everything we’re looking at in the development phase, when I look at the stability we are seeing in our core business, whether it be in the industrial sector, our E&I sector, our High Velocity sector the businesses is running well. And I think that things have been so tough for us in FY’14 because of the dramatic drop in a significant program as well as [hiving off], factoring in AMS that the weight of all of that on the business has been hard for people to get their arms around the fact that we got a heck of a good business, that we’re executing and running. So Q3 and Q4, I feel like better reflect that, but we feel pretty good about where we are headed in FY’15.
Mark Mondello: In the assumption set described today there is no other additional capital allocation; it’s just the $200 million.
Mark Mondello: I don’t know exactly what guidance you are referring to, but I think you are being kind, if you are referring to about a year ago what we talked about. What we thought FY’14 would be around the $2.77 range and so one of the things that I gave a lot of thought to, before putting together my prepared remarks was okay we’ll say this in the following years because when we did this about a year ago, it wasn’t a small miss, it was a huge miss. But I, as I look at the business today and we could have a repeat of what happened last year, I just can’t imagine that first-off we are not going to sell any other parts of our company in the next 18 months, so there is not going to be another AMS. I can’t believe that we would had a drastic disengagement with our second biggest customer in the next nine to twelve months and I can’t contemplate a massive products snafu that we experienced, that we talked about in our December call. If those things don’t happen, I think the $2.77 holds up pretty darn close. So again as we look at the business today, I would caution everybody there is definitely risk in the assumptions. I ask you to contemplate through the assumption set that we talked about but it is illustrative of where I think the business is headed. Again we’ve got an awful lot of good things going on right now both in production and ramping towards production.Amit Daryanani – RBC Capital Markets: Thanks a lot.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Wamsi. Great question. So I think I don’t want to characterize our illustration our guidance is conservative. I think it’s very realistic. Let’s remember that we are coming off a year where we really took a hit hard on the decline of our DMS business. In addition to that we sold the AMS business which again I repeat, I think ends up being a great transaction for shareholders and then we end up with the disengagement of Blackberry. So if you think about the fact that it’s only been 90 days and then maybe a 120 days since a lot of this activity took place, we are running fast and running hard. The team has done a fabulous job. I will not want to have conversation with anybody inside the organization that’s just running around frantically trying to fill up assets with sub-optimal business. So the business that we’re seeing come back to load up different assets, whether it be the assets used for Blackberry or some of the other DMS assets is very well thought strategic business and some of that is also business that we anticipated over the long-term, based on certain product roadmaps. So when I think about all that, when I think about what we’ve been through, when I think about the fact that we went into fiscal year ‘14 with a revenue plan of about $19 billion to $19.2 billion and as we go into fiscal year ‘15 our revenue levels is going to be somewhat less. I would characterize our revenue as we sit today being in the $16 billion to $16.5 billion, $16.6 billion range something like that. We have infrastructure in our company in anticipation of the $19 billion business. When we disengaged with the Blackberry, when we realized we’re going to sell AMS and when we got the news around the DMS business we certainly have been working diligently to remove some of the structural cost but fundamentally I’m choosing to run the company with a little higher degree of structural cost because I think that’s the best to do longer term for the business and that’s providing a decent amount of disconnect for your question. So we’ll see what happens over the next couple of quarters and we hope in the June call and potentially the September call to give you some better clarity on the outlook for ‘15.Wamsi Mohan – BofA Merrill Lynch: Thanks Mark, that’s helpful. As a follow-up, you mentioned incremental expenses, including automation for production process, some direct labor and prototyping engineering et cetera. And I’m here in Taiwan right now and I’m talking to some of your competitors who are adding C&C capacity at a pretty frantic pace, what are your assumptions around the utilization rates, as you go through with these ramps and more sustained longer term, because it seems like the industry is adding a lot of capacity on the automation side right now? Thanks.
Mark Mondello: Yeah, I’m not going to comment on that Wamsi. I appreciate you being over in Taiwan and seeing some of this first hand and I would – I don’t know what you’re looking at or where are you at, but it certainly will give you first hand appreciation of the scale and the complexity. And I do think that’s one thing working in our favor. This stuff is really, really hard and it requires a decent amount of CapEx and it requires a lot of scale from an infrastructure and an engineering perspective. So from kind of a barrier to entry this stuff’s difficult. I, again I don’t know what products you’re looking at or what production. I wish our competitors the best of luck. This stuff’s really hard and we’re keeping our head down and we know the roadmap and the volume that we have to provide over the next couple of quarters. So we’ll continue to focus on what we need to do and hopefully we can do it really, really well. And specific to your question Wamsi, as far as our yield rates and ramp rates and all that stuff it’s highly, highly dependent on programs and products that it varies greatly.Wamsi Mohan – BofA Merrill Lynch: Thanks a lot Mark.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Steve. I’ll take the AMS proceeds question and then turn the cash flow and CapEx question over to Forbes, although I think that’s going to be pretty opaque, because we have no intention at this point to give any discrete or finite information around cash flows or CapEx and the reason is not to be evasive, but we go through our budgeting process, this is a rarity for us to be giving this level of transparency in a March call for the next fiscal year. We don’t do our budgeting for FY’15 on a cash flow CapEx basis until the July timeframe. So I think it would be a little bit irresponsible for us to try to guess through that. We have enough visibility in the business going forward that we can give a personal indication on earnings and revenue and how that’s going to look but on the balance of it we’ve got a lot of work we have to do. On the proceeds from AMS we’ll make a decision, the good thing is we’re about a week away from closing that deal. I think the vast majority of that capital will kept in our balance sheet for a period of time and over the long-term I’d envision those proceeds being used for CapEx in the business, strategic CapEx and then we can decide if we’re going to give up a portion of that a relative modest portion for additional share buybacks. I characterize it this way, if we have the capital sitting on the balance sheet and there’s an opportunistic play for us to buyback additional shares where we think the shares are well below the intrinsic value of the company we may execute on that. Otherwise I’d like to kind of stamp on that and keep that capital as you move into FY’15. I do think that you can expect and again we’ll have conversations with our Board and what not in an appropriate fashion but every year we tend to do another tranche of buybacks and those buybacks tend to be in line with shares that we release around executive comp and you can expect that in FY’15. Anything above and beyond that we’ll have to kind of wait and see.
Mark Mondello: Yeah, maybe I can complement that with one comment too, as we’re looking to find what we think are intelligent pockets of reasonable growth a lot of those businesses they are just different than our historical businesses and I can tell you we don’t know we did it right, we certainly make plenty of mistakes but one of things we pay very close attention to is we’re not going to be out doing big pockets of development investments for returns that are kind of commensurate with legacy 2% EMS returns. So as I said in my prepared comments and again there will be some ebbs and flows to this, but any programs where we’re doing some upfront investment has to pass our hurdle rate inclusive of those upfront development cost and as from past conversations our weighted average cost per capital is 10% or 11% and we’re continuing to drive the company on an ROIC basis something north of 20, so all of these programs if you will fit squarely in that model.
Mark Mondello: Hi Jim I’ll go first and hand it over to Forbes. So I can assure you that we absolutely would not be providing clarity and color around FY ‘15 based on hopes and desire. So it is about roadmaps I don’t think we have a single customer today that across any of our portfolio which gives us firm demand. We certainly work out for road map and forecast and with all of our customers, that ebbs and flows but that’s kind of the process. So if we take all the information we have today whether it be in DMS or E&I and High Velocity we aggregate that up we risk adjust it and then we look at the activity that’s going on in the companies today combining that with the assumptions that I outlined in my prepared comments that’s how we frame out our outlook for FY ‘15.
Mark Mondello: Hang on. Yeah, I think we’ll talk more about that as we get closer to the fiscal year.Amitabh Passi – UBS Investment Bank: Okay, all right appreciate it.
Mark Mondello: Yeah Brian I think the math on that is just illustratively. I think what I said is the assumptions Forbes and I made for fiscal year ‘15 is we would deliver $300 million to $320 million of core up for FY ‘14 but that was adjusted for removal of AMS and Blackberry. So if you take AMS and Blackberry out of what we are actually going to do in fiscal year ‘14 as we sit today I think Q4 will be flat or up from fiscal Q3.Brian Alexander – Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. So I think you also said it would be equal to Q2 that I just want to make sure I heard that right.
Mark Mondello: I would say that in our long term margin ranges, I don’t know that we’ll get to the bottom end of all the ranges early in the year, we’ll see. And it has nothing to do with the health of the business whatsoever. It has to do with what I talked about little bit earlier Brian which is we’ve got an executive structure and a corporate structure that was going to support $19 billion. We pealed a lot that cost out and that independent of that restructuring that we are doing. So we’ve reduced that and I don’t want to get your Coney and then start cutting too hard because we have other areas of our business and other opportunities. So if we don’t get to the low end of the ranges and again we’ll give more color on this as we get closer to the fiscal year, it won’t as I sit today it’s not expected to be because the business isn’t healthy, it’s expected because there might be 10, 20, 30 basis points based on additional overhead. If that turns out to be the case, you can expect and holds Forbes and I accountable for walking through and explaining that.
Mark Mondello: It’s a business that we’re focused on for sure Brian and I would say that in the Analyst meeting in Boston, we took the margin range for that down by 50 basis points I think 5% to 7%. We still feel good about that as a range and it’s still a business that we’re spending a lot of time focused on. So as we sit today it’s a business that continues to being encouraging to us.Brian Alexander – Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay, all right. Thanks a lot Mark.
Mark Mondello: Yeah. Matt, no, you are right. We were surprised late in the quarter with some declines in demand levels that came through mid or late February, I remember our quarter ends is February. And again in my prepared remarks had talked about that our really an enterprise spending and we’re continue to see strength in terms of LTE and 4G and we do have some customer base there also. We are guiding up sequentially, you are absolutely correct, $50 million to $100 million, but I think majority of that is certainly based around the strength in LTE.Matt Sheerin – Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Okay, thanks a lot.
