Adam Berry: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to Jabil’s first quarter fiscal 2019 earnings call. Joining me on today’s call are Chief Executive Officer, Mark Mondello; and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Dastoor. Please note that today’s call is being webcast live. And during our prepared remarks, we will be referencing slides. To follow along with the discussion and view the slides, you will need to be logged into our webcast on jabil.com. At the end of today’s call, both the presentation and a replay of the call will be available on Jabil’s Investor Relations website. Before we begin, I would like to remind all listeners that during today’s conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements, including, among other things, those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business such as our currently expected second quarter and fiscal year 2019 net revenue and earnings. These statements are based on current expectations, forecast and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2018 and other filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. And lastly, as one final reminder, to follow along with the discussion and view the slides during our presentation, you will need to be logged into our webcast on jabil.com. With that, it’s now my pleasure to turn the call over to CEO, Mark Mondello.
Adam Berry: Thanks, Mike. As we begin the Q&A session, I’d like to remind our call participants that for our customer agreements, we will not address any customer or product-specific questions. We appreciate your cooperation. Operator, we are now ready for Q&A.
Adam Berry: Thank you for joining our call. This now concludes our event. Thank you again for your interest in Jabil.
Mark Mondello: Hey, Jim. I’ll start and maybe Michael pop in. So I’m not sure I understand completely your question. If you’re talking about Q1 in general…
Mark Mondello: Oh, okay, I understand. Okay, I got you. So on the margins themselves, I’m really, really happy with the margins we printed actually in both segments, and let me explain, because they’re a bit different optically. So our DMS segment printed, we went into the quarter thinking DMS would print maybe 5.3%, 5.4%, it ended up printing 5.6%. And again, that was with some headwinds in mobility. So again, I just think a great illustration of what we’re up to in terms of diversification. On the EMS side, that came in probably 10, 20 basis points lower than we thought. But again, we had anticipated on the EMS side the cost associated with the new wins. If you remember back in September, we talked about new wins being about $2 billion for the year. Those new wins actually, as we sit today, are probably closer to $2.1 billion, $2.15 billion, of which about $1.05 billion or $1.06 billion of that are in the EMS segment. So again, when I look at our core business, great job by the team, really good results, no surprises at all on the margin line. In terms of going back to your question around revenue being a bit frothy, we had thought that revenue would come in around $6.1 billion, $6.2 billion, it came in around $6.5 billion. We actually ended up – call revenue overshoot $350 million, $400 million. We did get decent leverage on that. We got leverage at about 3.5%. We had thought the midpoint for the quarter would be around $240 million in op income and it was closer to $254 million. So I don’t know what the math on that is again, two fourth – about 3.5% leverage on the $400 million. When we consider the core business and then the cost associated with the integration and the ramps, I think it was a great quarter.
Mark Mondello: Hey, Ruplu, it’s Mark. Boy, there’s a lot of moving parts. It’s really hard to shape that out. If I had to take a stab at it, I think about it this way. So we gave you guys good guide, good midpoint for Q2, so that’s pretty self-explanatory on what we think is going to happen. In terms of the back-half of the year, I would think about the overall corporate margins in the back-half of the year. And for that matter in Q4, I would think both corporate margins and core EPS in Q4 to be very similar to Q1. So we just printed Q1. We kind of gave you a good guide for Q2. I think 4Q will look a lot like Q1 in 2019, both in corporate margins and core EPS. So you can kind of back into Q3. Q3 will again be an investment quarter for us. I do think if – and I don’t remember the exact numbers, but 3Q of 2018, I think, we printed $0.46 something like that. I do think that the third quarter this year will be up from the third quarter of 2018 again, with the overall strength in EMS. So I hope that helps.
Mark Mondello: Yes. Boy, I’d look at – for the quarter, I’d look at the $400 million, I’d say, roughly $200 million to $250 of that is off of our base business and maybe $150 million to $200 million is off of the new wins. And if you kind of shake that all up in puts and takes, I think, that’s why the margin profile looked the way it did both for DMS and EMS. One thing, Steve, I’d like to kind of comment on something that Mike was responding to with Ruplu’s question. The optics this year, for the whole year, the shape will be somewhat similar to last year. But I think the first-half to second-half, especially even around EMS will be more distinct first-half, second-half with second-half being stronger with these – the new businesses that we’re bringing into the company. If you think about the first-half of the year being a investment year for those new wins and then the income coming through in the back-half, you’re actually getting kind of a negative return in the first-half turning to a positive. So the delta first-half to second-half is again, optically a bit greater. So on the EMS side of our business, we’re probably going to do somewhere around 2.5% for the first year, excuse me, first-half of the year with a very strong second-half.
Mark Mondello: The best part about it is, it’s right in the middle of our core. So it’s not a stretch, it’s not like we’re trying to step two or three degrees away from our core and do something that, that we’re not not well-versed to do. I kind of said alluded to some of this in my prepared remarks. I think with how the datacenter geometry, both in North America and globally is playing out with the sophistication in terms of the hardware design and then with the flexibility, agility and the complexity of the hardware manufacturing, it just – it’s – it fits squarely into what we know how to do really well. So again, we’re trying to be very communicative as we step through it. Again, pretty excited, because it’s right in the center of what we know how to do very well.
Mark Mondello: Yes, Adam, I don’t want to comment on Flex. I’ve got respect for Mike and the team and I see everything going on there and I wish them all the best. You’re seeing our growth rates. And I said in the September call, I think, we’re not driving growth for the sake of growth. I may even have said something around the fact that, I don’t sit in any sales meeting. So it’s really about our five divisions going out with solutions and approaches, along with our organizational structure and again, it’s resonating a bit. So again, I hope Flex does well. But right now, we’re kind of focused inwardly and want to digest the growth that we have and drive our financials.
Mark Mondello: Okay. I’ve got Mike looking at me, so I think he might have a comment on this, but let me take a shot. So let me confirm that what we said in September is, when we digest and get through the ramp on this new business, we feel like collectively as a $2 billion-plus portfolio, this new business will have margins in the 4% range that still holds today. In terms of the near-term, which is the here and the now, there’s a few things playing. Number one is, as Mike said in September and reconfirmed in his prepared remarks today, we’ve got some costs associated with it, of which a good amount of those costs will be digested in 1Q and 2Q of this year. Number two is, we’ve seen some softness in semi cap. Number 3 is, we’ve seen some softness in mobility. So I think all of that is playing into. Again, I would split the company a little bit, boy, am I really happy with our DMS business. Again,. a year ago, 1Q of 2018, I think our DMS business did 5.2%, or 40 basis points up year-on-year. We think 2Q will be up again relative to last year, again, speaking to DMS. And on the EMS, I addressed that. I think during Ruplu’s comments or Steve’s question, and again, that’s largely due to some softness in semi cap and the cost associated with some of the ramps. But we think EMS will normalize for the year and we’re still looking at EMS margins for the year to be in the 3.5% range.
Mark Mondello: Yes. I would say for 2Q, I think, you’re talking about the second quarter of 2019 being up about 15% year-on-year. I would say, the vast majority of the new business, still in the second quarter will be in EMS, and then we’ll start seeing the Johnson & Johnson revenue come through on the DMS side in the third and fourth quarters. In terms of the EMS business, I think year-on-year, again, it’s a really another very strong quarter. EMS will be up 2Q of 2019 to 2Q of 2018 over 20%. I would say, a rough guess 6%, I don’t know, 5% to 10% of the growth will be core and the balance will be new business. But again, in the second quarter, if you look at it at an enterprise level, I think, we guided the midpoint at 6.1%. The vast majority of the new business will be in EMS again, with the healthcare wins being more impactful in Q3 and Q4.
Mark Mondello: I don’t think so at all, in fact, just to the contrary. When we talk about diversification, Paul, we’re very, very select and very, very careful to be sure everything ties back to manufacturing, engineering, technology, supply chain. So, someone can look at our business from the outside and go geez, Mark, you’ve got all these disparate businesses, no we don’t. The business ties together beautifully. And again, it all has a common denominator, manufacturing, engineering, supply chain, precision assembly, mechanics. And, in fact, the thing I love about it is, you take the precision mechanics we do in our Greenpoint business. You take the stuff that Mike and his team do in ESG or the enterprise business, or 5G, or the things we’re doing in healthcare. It’s also very well intertwined in terms of sharing a technology and capability. So I think there’s a long way to go before we – before it starts working against us in terms of diversification.
Mark Mondello: I don’t want to get into the products, because the products – just out of respect to the customers that we serve, the products are in development right now, as you’d imagine with 5G. But I will tell you that most of our efforts around G5 are Europe and the U.S. And yes, I think…
Mark Mondello: Well, we’re just getting started. So I would tell you that in the next two to three years, I think our revenues will be split, both between the smaller folks and the hyperscale folks. We’ll start to provide more transparency around that, as that gets ramped and it becomes more material to revenue and earnings.
Mark Mondello: Well, we’re waiting as is everybody else and it’s a big deal. In terms of the macro, we’ll see what happens over the next 60, 90 days. As I said in September, if – I characterize it this way. If the tariff and trade issues get resolved, that’s great. If that trade and tariff issues creates some choppy seas and a storm here and there, that’s also really good for us, because again, when I look at our IT systems, when I look at the connectivity inside Jabil, when I look at how our divisions in our factories or network, there’s nobody that has our scale that can move product around with the agility and the flexibility that we can and, in fact, we do that all the time. So as stuff needs to move, we’re really, really good solution. And if the trade tariff issues become some nasty hurricane, I think, it’s going to be bad for all.
