Mark Mondello: Yeah. I think that's true, Steve. Hey, this is Mark. So I don't – I guess, I don't drive the same connection you do, Steve, on connecting retail to mobility. I think mobility tends to be much more narrow-focused than retail. I look at retail as much more broad and much more retail infrastructure than I would on mobility side. I don't -- I can see how you can call them both consumer, but for us they're very different businesses.
Mark Mondello: You're correct. There's more than two sites. And the first wave is -- was two sites completed on plan. And then there'll be further sites transitioning over and so far so good in terms of us operating to our expectation around that deal. We're -- we continue to be very excited about it and it is complicated, but the teams are executing perfectly.
Mark Mondello: Yes. So, again, I'll say it again, we're pretty excited about the business. I'm not going to get into customer composition. We typically don't do that with any sectors. In terms of do we have the scale, capacity, and whatnot the model works again very, very well from a cash flow perspective because our model is again asset-light and extremely scalable on a variable cost basis. So, if we deviate from that model we'll let you know, but that's our intent as we continue to drive the business.
A – Mark Mondello: Yeah, Ruplu. So I'd suggest that Q3, the May quarter, is still going to be an area of some investment. But I think with what we're seeing in health care and packaging as well as kind of non-mobility in that area. I'd expect margins to be better this year year-on-year. Last year for DMS, I think the third quarter was around a percentage point or so maybe a little bit better. This year, I would think it would be somewhere maybe 2x that. And then, if I look at DMS, in terms of back half of the year collectively, I think that margins overall and maybe a better way to look at it would be absolute profit dollars for DMS, second half of 2018 to second half of 2019 would be up 6%, 7% over last year.
A – Mark Mondello: I'm not going to get into CapEx for the next couple of years because that's a body of work that's in process. I think in the September call, I said something about free cash flow for fiscal 2021 to be around $600 million. This year, we think it's going to be in the neighborhood of $400 million. And I think in FY 2020 it's going to be somewhere in between.
A – Mark Mondello: Thanks for the question, Adam. There was a lot of pieces to that. Let me try to shake that up and maybe this is a simplistic way to look at it. I think, if you take a look at our guide for the third quarter and you kind of look at the whole year, I think DMS year-on-year is going to be relatively flat 2018 to 2019. And I think, you've got one big put and take there, which is mobility is weak and everything else is at or above plan. So I feel really good about the composition of our DMS business, especially as we exit overall 2019. In terms of – we saw some decline in DMS in the second quarter. How did we end up delivering margins 110 basis points greater than last year? It's really again the composition and the diversification of DMS. As I look at that business today, tomorrow, next quarter, the end of the year and going into 2020, it's just a much different business with really good diversification.
A – Mark Mondello: Yeah, I was a little bit confused because I think you lost me a little bit. We've been really consistent with EMS in the September call, then the December call. I think we've been talking about EMS op margins for the first half of the year to be around 2.4%, 2.5%. That still holds. And we talked about that in the last couple of calls. It's largely just around the costs related to ramping $2 billion book of business and positioning it well for fiscal year 2020. So none of that's changed. The only thing that's changed in our EMS business since September largely is our cloud business is growing a bit faster than we expected with really nice free cash flows attached to it. And then our enterprise business, if you're to look at the for lack of better word the green and the blue slide, the beginning of the year I don't remember exactly where we're at, but let's just say enterprise was somewhere around $5.5 billion. We see that business today being about $4.8 billion, $4.9 billion. That's largely due to semi-cap equipment. I covered that in my prepared remarks. And we thought that business would snap back a bit in early 2020 with recovery starting in kind of the June, July timeframe this year. And now we won't see the recovery beginning until 2020. So again that impacts a bit overall, but we're still looking at first half margins being right on top of what we thought they would be. And then as you look at the math of our guide for Q3, EMS margins should be back up over 3%. And as you look at the fourth quarter this year even with sustained weakness in semi-cap, those margins will be back up over 4%. So I feel really, really good about that business overall.
A – Mark Mondello: Okay. So a couple of things. The EMS upside for the quarter, and I assume you're talking about Q2 was in the range of about $275 million Jim. The composition of that was -- had nothing to do with Johnson & Johnson. Johnson & Johnson is in our healthcare business which is a subset of our DMS business. The upside on the EMS side was a really good blend of really nice business for us. It was a blend of a cloud business that we like a lot. There was a component of retail in there which I talked about earlier. I think Steve was asking a question around that. And then our industrial sector. So, for the quarter those are the three areas that drove the upside.
A – Mark Mondello: Yeah. I think we -- I could be mistaken, but I think we showed on our new business wins I think we took 5G wireless up about $50 million, which, again, is a good illustration of where we're positioned and headed in terms of 5G infrastructure. I think, we're in really, really nice position there. And we think that's a business that's going to be around for quite some time.
A – Mark Mondello: I would say 70% of it was revenue coming in a little bit faster on the new wins and 30% was kind of what I would call standard business-as-usual.
A – Mark Mondello: Yeah. I love where we're at, especially, compared to just three or four years ago. I – why I think it's so important is, I think, the word diversification can be very broad. There's a lot of times that companies might talk about diversification in different markets and it's viewed as a negative, especially, from large institutional investors where they look at it and say, look, just stick to your knitting and let me decide where I want to invest. We use the term a bit differently. Everything we do is around manufacturing, manufacturing services, engineering technology and supply chain management. So all of our businesses are tied together beautifully and there's great synergies with the portfolio that we have. We really look at diversification more across everything that fits into that bucket, technology, engineering, supply chain management, et cetera. The better diverse we are in terms of product, product family and end markets, it just drives much better reliability on the company in terms of cash flow and earnings. So it's a journey. I don't know where we sit. I think, I've said it multiple times. Ideally, I'd like this to be a $30 billion, $32 billion, $34 billion, $36 billion company, where no product or product family is more than 5% of our cash flows or earnings and that's what we're striving to do.
A – Mark Mondello: Maybe, I'll take that in reverse order. So, I think, we'll see our balance sheet normalize in terms of days of inventory over the next six, nine months. And in terms of the component market itself, we've seen pockets of that ease. I think we'll see the components market start to normalize in the back half of calendar 2019 and early 2020.
A – Mark Mondello: I would say that the activity in the last year has been up and down, ebbed and flowed. I think we've been very helpful to a significant amount of our customers in terms of game plans. And some have been proactive and some are taking a wait and see. If people want to act on it I think I said this in the December call, we are very well-positioned to accommodate them. So, I think it's kind of a wait and see for a lot of us in the next six to eight weeks. It seems like decisions keep moving to the right. But again overall with our global footprint the way our IT systems are et cetera, we're really well-positioned to assist customers if need be. 
A – Mark Mondello: Yeah. Paul, I don't want to get into too much on that. I think -- I don't know that we want to take a -- what we think is a really, really nice tool that helps our customers and certainly helps us run our business really efficiently across 25, 26 and what's going to be higher revenues and monetize it. I think first and foremost, we want to be sure we have a very real tool that allows us to run our business as efficiently as possible. And I think that's where our focus is going to be and we really, really like the tool we have. We like the additions that we're making to it. But I think most importantly taking good care of our customers, increasing our own margins and running a really efficient business is kind of job one. If we ever think about monetizing it, we'll certainly talk about it.
