Adam Berry: Good morning and welcome to Jabil’s fourth quarter of fiscal 2020 earnings call and investor briefing. Joining me on today’s call are Chief Executive Officer, Mark Mondello and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Dastoor.  We will begin today with Mike who will review our fourth quarter and fiscal 2020 results. These slides are currently posted on our website at jabil.com. Following those comments, we will transition to our third annual investor briefing, where Mark will review our business overview and Mike will provide an outlook for our first quarter and fiscal 2021. We will then open it up for your questions. Please note to view our investor briefing slides during today’s session, you will need to be logged into our webcast@jabil.com. Following today’s session, you will find our entire slide deck for both our fourth quarter earnings and investor briefing on our website. The entirety of today’s call will be recorded and posted for audio playback on jabil.com within the Investors section. Our fourth quarter press release, slides and corresponding webcast are also available on our website. In these materials, you will find the earnings information that we cover during this conference call. Before handing the call over to Mike, I would now ask that you follow our earnings presentation with slides on the website beginning with our forward-looking statement. During this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements, including among other things, those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business, such as our currently expected first quarter net revenue and earnings. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2019 and other filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. With that, it’s now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mike.
Adam Berry: Thanks Mike. As we begin our Q&A session, I would like to remind our call participants that per our customer agreements, we will not address customer or product specific questions. We appreciate your understanding and cooperation. Operator, we are now ready for Q&A.
Adam Berry: Thank you. That’s it for our call today. This call is concluded. Please reach out to us if you have any further questions. Thank you.
Mike Dastoor: Thank you, Adam and good morning everyone. I am very pleased with our fourth quarter performance. Both segments executed extremely well and delivered financial results that came in well above the guidance we provided on June 19. The overperformance was driven mainly by two factors. First, during Q4, we experienced fewer corporate-related disruptions than we anticipated in June, which resulted in higher than expected throughput in our plans, a more efficient supply chain and lower corporate related expenses. And second, our teams in both segments quickly moved to capitalize on upside demand, mainly in the mobility, 5G wireless and cloud end-markets. The compounding effects of higher than expected sales, improved productivity and lower costs allowed us to deliver strong revenue, core operating income and core diluted earnings per share in Q4 well above our expectations in June. With that, I will now review our Q4 and fiscal ‘20 financial results. Net revenue for the fourth quarter was $7.3 billion, an increase of 11% year-over-year. GAAP operating income was $197 million and our GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.44. Core operating income during the quarter was $255 million, well above our expectations in June, driven mainly by the aforementioned higher sales and lower COVID-related impact that came in approximately $25 million lower than anticipated. Net interest expense during the quarter was $46 million. Our core tax rate for the quarter was 24%. Core diluted earnings per share was $0.98, an 11% improvement over the prior quarter. For the full fiscal year, net revenue was $27.3 billion, up 8% year-over-year. FY ‘20 GAAP operating income was $500 million, with GAAP net income of $54 million. GAAP net diluted earnings per share, was $0.35 for the year. Core operating income was $864 million, representing a core operating margin of 3.2%. Core diluted earnings per share for the year was $2.90. Now, turning to our fourth quarter and FY ‘20 segment results. Revenue for our DMS segment was $2.8 billion, up 17% year-over-year. This growth was mainly due to our mobility and healthcare end markets. Core margins for the segment improved 60 basis points year-over-year to 3.5%. Revenue for our EMS segment increased by 8% year-over-year to $4.5 billion, driven mainly by the semi-cap, 5G wireless and cloud end-markets. Core margins for the segment were 3.5% during the quarter. For the year, our DMS segment revenue was $10.7 billion, up 8% year-over-year mainly due to our healthcare business. Core margins for the segment were 3.9%. Moving to EMS, in FY ‘20, revenue increased by 8% year-over-year to $16.6 billion as our value proposition continues to be well received in the areas of 5G wireless, cloud and semi cap. Core margins for the segment were 2.7%. Turning now to our cash flows and balance sheet. In Q4, inventory days came in better than expected at 56 days, a decline of 11 days sequentially. Net capital expenditures for the fourth quarter were $241 million and for the full fiscal year came in as expected at $796 million. Our fourth quarter cash flows from operations were very strong coming in at $687 million. As a result, the strong fourth quarter performance in cash flow generation, adjusted free cash flow for the fiscal year came in higher than expected at approximately $461 million. We exited the quarter with total debt to core EBITDA levels of approximately 1.7x and cash balances of $1.4 billion. To further strengthen our balance sheet during Q4, we issued a $600 million 3% senior note maturing in January of 2031. We used the proceeds to redeem our $400 million 5.625% senior notes due in December 2020. We ended Q4 with committed capacity under the global credit facilities of $3.8 billion. With this available capacity along with our quarter end cash balance, Jabil ended Q4 with access to more than $5.2 billion of available liquidity, which we believe provides us ample flexibility to navigate the current market environment. During Q4, we repurchased approximately 760,000 shares for $25 million bringing our total year-to-date repurchases to $215 million. In closing, I am very pleased with our strong execution and resiliency in a challenging environment and are encouraged by the positive momentum we carry into fiscal ‘21. With that, I will now turn the call over to Mark.
Mike Dastoor: Yes. So there is a couple of things in that. One is if I take a look at kind of our DMS business, I think kind of year-on-year Q1 ‘20 to ‘21 in the range of around 1%, so on the DMS Q1 to Q1. And I would think about our DMS business, Adam, more kind of first half to first half just based on timing of some products. So, if I take a look at and I don’t know – I don’t know the exact numbers, but rough numbers would be kind of DMS, first half, first half of ‘20 to first half of ‘21, we will probably see growth in the 6% to 8% range. And then I think if you look at the blue green slide overall for the year, DMS, so will be up about $800 million from call it 13, 13.2 up to around 14. So, I wouldn’t get too caught up in the Q1 revenue numbers. And then overall for the enterprise, if we execute well in Q1, like Mike said in his prepared remarks, we expect margins to be around the 4.5% range. With that same execution kind of total comparison, we could have a six handle on our margins for DMS in Q1. So, off to a relatively strong start which is typically how our years kick off. And I would say as I think about kind of Q2, Q3, Q4, if I am thinking about shaping the year, at an enterprise level, margins should be pretty stable. So, if we kick off with a 4.5%, I think Q4, we could end somewhere around 4% and then Q2, Q3 in between in the high 3s something like that and if you sum all that up kind of on a weighted average basis, EMS to DMS, we are shooting for 4% overall for the enterprise for ‘21.
Mike Dastoor: I think it’s because every couple of years Ruplu, we have been on, I don’t know a 5 – 4, 5, 6-year journey. And we disengaged with BlackBerry back in the day. We sold our services business. We are really successful with in the mobility sector. And we have been working really, really hard to continue to diversify the portfolio. I don’t think that work is ever done, but where we sit today, if you just kind of sit back and look at the – for lack of better word, the portfolio slide on the blue and the green, geez, we have got, 8 areas of our business reflected there and I just love the way it looks. I said something like that in my prepared remarks. As part of kind of always reshaping there, I think I use the word contouring the portfolio we would like to have businesses together that makes sense from a capability perspective and market perspective. And we just felt like automotive and transport fits really well with our healthcare business in terms of overall regulated markets. And then the other shift we made and again, I know this can be aggravating to investors, because it ends up being a lot to follow. That’s not our intention. Our intention is to give us a good platform again for the next 24 to 36 months. We took our smart home business, which had been in our networking storage, because a lot of devices in home were networked together and we moved some of that over to connected devices just because of 5G coming on board. And when we think about things throughout the home, from a capabilities and an end-market perspective, it fit really well into connected devices. The good news is those modest shifts don’t change the enterprise level numbers, but that’s the logic behind it.
Mike Dastoor: Hey, Paul. Thanks for the question. We did call some we are constantly reshaping the portfolio as we see it right now on the networking and storage side, in particular. We have been looking at all businesses we have. I think we have declared a couple of years ago that we are focusing on margins. We are focusing on free cash flow. And we are tightening up all our financial metrics around existing and future customers. So, that’s one of the areas that we have looked at, in particular. I talked about connected devices as well in my prepared remarks. That’s another one where we have gone and called some customers there. So, it’s all directional. We have said we will do that. We will focus on that. And that is exactly what we are doing.
Mike Dastoor: Yes, if you look at the blue and green slide, I will just highlight the networking and storage, that’s the last line on the blue side, that’s down by about $600 million. A lot of that is a simple straightforward, hey, let’s get this to our financial metric levels and then you have connected devices on the green side as well. That’s the – there is parts of business that are doing really well on the connected devices and then there is parts that we feel the financial metrics don’t just justify moving ahead with them.
Mike Dastoor: Yes, that is certainly part of our guidance. That is part of our assumption. We are constantly working on inventory levels in the organization and I feel good about continuing to take that down further over the year.
Mark Mondello: Hi, Adam. Thanks for the nice comment. I will let Mike talk about the restructuring and maybe let’s get it clarify that a little bit. In terms of COVID, geez, I am really happy with how we handled it all in a really, really kind of opaque, murky deal. I mean, we take you back to February, things are blowing up. I think our COVID costs in February on a total monthly basis were like $55 million, $60 million for the month then we moved into Q3 and COVID costs were around $50 million and then Q4. As we are sitting in the June call, I think either Mike or I said Q4 would be around $40 million, $50 million. And as we got into 4Q, June was still kind of along that run-rate that has started to dissipate a bit in July and in a more normalized run-rate when compared to FY ‘21 as we are leaving August and as we continue to index through September, our run-rate in September looks to be much like August. So, assuming that the whole world doesn’t blow up again, at that point, all bets are off, but with everything kind of the way we see it, we feel pretty confident in the 30% to 50%, I think a way to think about those costs are maybe 60%, 65% in the first half of the year and something like 35% to 40% in the back half of the year. And with that, maybe you could expand a little bit on the restructuring question. I will let Mike address that.
Mark Mondello: I don’t want to get into all the puts and takes only because Ruplu our industrial business has all kinds of puts and takes. I would say, I’d – if I were to knowing that we are not going to be right on any of these numbers exactly, if I had to handicap industrial and semi-cap, I would say I agree with your comments. If there is, if we are going to handicap that one way or the other sitting here today for the year, there is probably more upside than not, I would say certainly in – certainly in semi-cap and that’s offset by some softness at the moment in industrial and I think Mike talked in his prepared remarks about construction starts both residential and commercial we think will soften a bit, certainly through the first half of the year and then regain some momentum towards the back half of the year, but I think you are thinking about that the right way.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Jim. Sure. So, I think it’s really important for everybody to understand that our move to consignment wasn’t reactionary it wasn’t something that we just thought of. If you go back and I don’t remember when we first started talking about our cloud business, it was 4, 5, 6 earnings calls ago. I remember at that point in time, we gave it enough attention we were doing the JJMD deal and we also in one of those calls, we had two separate slides, one talking about our JJMD engagement in collaboration, which by the way is going very well and then we had a slide on cloud. There is a lot of questions at that time about are we getting into white box manufacturing in this set and the other and we have been very, very consistent in our approach strategically the cloud business that we are going to go into this in the geocentric service model, it was going to be a very asset-light very agile model both on the fixed asset and networking capital side as that business is scaled through, call it back half of ‘19 all through ‘20, we have always had a thought process in terms of again keeping the networking capital asset-light as well. So this has been in the works for quite some time. And I would say the consignment model that we have went through is largely around our cloud business and it’s largely in place. So, again, if you look at the shape of our EMS business, I think our guide for Q1 per Mike’s comments in the press release is like $3.2 billion for EMS. You compare that to a $3.7 billion, Q1 ‘20 to Q1 ‘21, that’s just reflective, largely around consignment. And then we also have some intentional reshaping of our networking storage business on top of that, but I would say, you can consider it in place and it will be reflective quarter-to-quarter throughout the year.
Mark Mondello: I want to be careful that I understand your comment, because this is kind of an important topic. The $3.2 billion saying it straight up right, the $3.2 billion guide for EMS in Q1 is fully reflective of the consignment model. So there is no – there is no jeez, we are going to come back and go, the $3.2 billion turned into $2.5 billion because of consignment, it’s all in. So, again if you take that new and you take a look at our Q1 ‘21 relative to our Q1 ‘20 EMS, I think you will see the distinction there Q1 ‘20 in EMS was around $3.7 billion, something like that, Q1 of ‘21 is $3.2 billion. So again, it’s fully reflected. In addition to that, Jim, I believe that the blue green slides that we shared I spoke to it a bit, Mike went a bit deeper shows our overall company revenue for the year around $26.5 billion. The EMS segment, which is where our cloud business sits, show shows $12.5 billion. So again, overall for the company for the year $26.5 billion midpoint, about $14 billion of that is our DMS segment $12.5 billion is our EMS segment. That’s where our cloud business sits. Those numbers also are fully reflective of any and all consignment.
Mark Mondello: Well, we talked about that last year. That was a hot topic as we were coming out of ‘19 into ‘20 and COVID kind of dominated everything. But that’s something we watch every week, every month. And I think we had talked about the fact that the first half of ‘19, I may have – I maybe off the quarter to Jim, but directionally as we exited fiscal ‘19 going into first half of ‘20, somewhere in that timeframe, when the tariff talks were hot and heavy and relatively new in front of headlines, we had said we were going to have a two to three quarter portion of our business, where we were going to spend upwards of $20 million, $25 million in terms of moving product around for customers. At that point in time, we have suggested that if the macro holds or even weakens a little bit, all of this product needs to get built. And I can’t think of a better place for customers to build it than at Jabil just because of our global footprint. So, we can continue to keep an eye on that. As mentioned previously that if we kind of collate up all of our business in Mainland China as we sit today and I have said this in the past, there are certain parts of that business that we just don’t think will move based on the indigenous supply chain and other factors. We have also said that there is a significant amount of our China revenue today that China for other parts of the world, non-U.S. and then the China revenue that we have that happens to be products to be consumed and shipped to the U.S. Some of that has already shifted and some of it customers look at it and they are comfortable keeping it in China for now.
Mark Mondello: Okay. Well, there is couple questions in there and I appreciate you not putting the cart before the horse, although I think we have kind of asked for it, because we came out with the four and the four. So, we got a lot of work to do to deliver the four and the four, but we wouldn’t have put it out there, if we didn’t see a clear path. Yes. For the last 3, 4 years, we have been talking about diversifying the top line, but at the same time, we have been caveating those comments with the fact that we are not going to chase revenue for the sake of chasing revenue. We are going to diversify income and cash flows, which is exactly what I think we have been up to. And I would suggest our team has been quite successful in that. If I think about FY ‘21, we are certainly not chasing revenue because on an absolute basis, some of this is consignment, revenues going down, but again, I would say overall, it is about us kind of continually taking a file and not a chisel and filing the portfolio with a real kind of no kidding focus on the margins in the cash flows. So, that’s what we are up to and we are going to work really hard to do our best to deliver that the four and the four.
Mark Mondello: I would say it’s neutral. That one aspect is neutral. It’s – there is in our geocentric asset-light service business there is high dollar components, where we don’t provide much value. And so having those pass-through materials is distortive to the real returns we should be getting on the value add we provide the customer. I would say our cloud business is founded on the services our team provides the geocentric nature of it, the flexibility, the agility, I mean, I think about COVID was unplanned and COVID hits and all of a sudden, people are working remotely working from homes and the ability of our of our cloud team to react all by the way as well as our mobility team and our connected devices team. I mean, those volumes spiked up. So, I would say it’s the most important part of our approach to that model is – or that businesses is the model itself and the relationships that we have, Steve.
Mark Mondello: Mark, I really appreciate the question. I am not trying to duck the question. But we are in the process now of varying conversations going on with current customers, hyperscale customers, smaller customers. So, I just – I don’t want to get into it on a customer by customer basis. I think what we have said in the past is we have got reasonably good confidence in our approach to what we are doing in that market overall and we certainly expect that market to be kind of multi-customer faceted if you will and that’s still our path and still our intent.
Mark Mondello: Okay, I understand the question and it’s appreciated. I would say, if I am sitting on your side of the table, along with kind of the buy side folks, it’s immaterial. I will give you an example. And I am not suggesting that there is not pockets that are material, but in the big picture of what we just guided to our outlook for Q1 and then certainly for ‘21, I think all those puts and takes there is a lot of them, I think they are immaterial. I give you an example. There has certainly been on Steve Borges’ business with healthcare, there has certainly been some upside near-term upside in healthcare through the back half of ‘20 and probably the first quarter or two in ‘21 demand driven solely by COVID. Yes, there has been a falloff in his business due to COVID with elective surgeries as an example. Yet you spin all that up and you kind of get kind of a normalized business plan and same holds true with some puts and takes industrials, same holds true with some puts and takes in connected devices, although that ended up being a net strength. So, I would say all in all, we don’t have a crystal ball, but our Q1 guide and our overall outlook for the year, Mark, we have taken kind of all those puts and takes, we have stress tested it with all the teams and we feel like we have kind of normalized it to the 4%, the $4 and $26.5 billion in revenue.
Mark Mondello: Okay, Shannon, that’s a cool question. That’s kind of what we are all about. We are a company at the core that builds stuff. And so we are, if I think Mike, when you talked about CapEx in his prepared remarks talked about a split between growth and maintenance, I would say in terms of productivity in the factories, that’s probably split between maintenance and growth. I would say, we are one of the leading companies that I know of in terms of automation what I would call flexible automation, what I would call automated, real useful automated platforms, you combine that with augmented reality, that will start hitting our factory floors, you combine that with machine learning. And then the other thing I think that sets Jabil apart is as you take all of that, Shannon, we have got a ton of factories, call it, we run our – we largely run most of our business on 35, 40 sites, although we have more. If I take those – if I take the sites that are most impactful to our earnings, they are all wrapped together in a single holistic IT system and I don’t know that anyone else has that. So, we will always continue to invest and invest aggressively in terms of the technology the productivity that you alluded to. I think what shareholders should hold us accountable for is with those investments and with the aggression around that type of investing I would hold us accountable for continued margin expansion and good cash flows. If I think about the journey we have been on, on top line diversification, where we have been going through that, our margins for 2, 3 years have been stuck around 3.5%. We are starting to see the efforts come through on the margin line. That’s why we – that’s why Q1 is looking at 4.5% and the year around 4%. So, I think the returns we are getting on those investments are coming through in terms of our bottom line.
Mark Mondello: Well, I don’t want to – the – I look at the J&J collaboration and that’s kind of business as usual now. We spoke about that for a number of calls. That partnership that the team that’s responsible for that, that has gotten so deep and boy has that turned out, I think from both sides, we had high expectations. I think it’s turning out better than even we expected and I hope J&J would feel the same, but that the business is so far beyond that. I mean, I think we are talking about healthcare and packaging combined, bumping up towards $5 billion. I think about that business, Shannon. I always have my timing a little bit off, but it’s typically directionally correct. Our healthcare and packaging business in FY late ‘17, early ‘18, was like a $2 billion business, then it started bumping up against $2.5 billion. FY ‘19 healthcare and packaging, was probably closer to $3 billion. Last year, it was closer to $4 billion. And now we are bumping up against $5 billion. And again, as pleased as we are with the Johnson & Johnson collaboration, it’s just it’s a lot more than that. Steve and his team are focused in areas so broad-based today relative to 4 years ago with things like pharma, the med device, orthopedics, diagnostics, etcetera. And then I think they will also start to gravitate towards digital analytics and digital diagnosis as well. And then you add to it, I am very, very excited about what the next couple of years hold for our consumer packaging business as well. So, that line item when you look at it on the green blue slide, again, this is a little bit of a commentary around the whole company, but the healthcare packaging line is as diverse both end market and customer base as it’s ever been.
Mark Mondello: What I would concur is it is confusing from the outside in, it’s an interesting market. I think, I don’t want to generalize, but a portion of the automotive market is starting to be just a big rolling mobile device and that’s a really good spot for us and that’s where we are focused most of our attention. We do support legacy automotive technology. But as we continue to look forward, a lot of our attention will be again, if you just think of the automotive industry in the next 10 years being a connected device on four wheels. That’s kind of how we look at it and that’s where we are making most of our investments.
Mark Mondello: I would say that’s probably best case. Yes, we are thinking somewhere I would say volumes and whatnot start to heat up call it 2025, something like that, but there is a lot of work. There is a lot of work that goes in between now and then. So, we will be busy.
Mark Mondello: Yes, I don’t know, I look at it quite simply as I want, I don’t ever – I don’t want ever want to walk away from a relationship. But there are certain relationships where if we get to a point that customers can provide, others than Jabil business and get better value-add for it, then so be it. And I think in the network storage space, it’s been a market that we have played in actively since the early 90s. We have got some longstanding relationships that are, I don’t want to lose, but again, if we get to a point where things start to change, our value proposition starts to fall off, there is no reason to force that. And I think if I think about how well diversified the company is today when those situations occur, we don’t need to force it. I think that, that’s a – of the eight different business line items you are seeing there on the blue green slide, that’s an area at least specific to Jabil, that probably isn’t going to have a lot of hyper growth to it for some of the reasons you described and others. If I had to handicap it today, again, knowing that our numbers aren’t going to be exact, the $2.2 billion we are showing in that line item, I think it might come in a little bit stronger than that, but again, directionally, I think network and storage will be down year-on-year.
