Mark Mondello: All right. Well, good multi-question for question one. I think the best way to think about it, Adam, is as follows. I think all year back starting in September, we've been talking about $400 million of free cash flow, margins at about 3.5%, core EPS in the neighborhood of $3. If you take the midpoint of our guidance, sum everything together, I think it sums at like $2.97 or $2.98, which I think puts us squarely in the neighborhood of $3, so check the box to that. What I'm pleased with is at the beginning of the year we thought operating income would be about $850 million. I think we took that up either in the second quarter call -- first or second quarter, December-March call we took it up to like $865 million, and now if you take the midpoint of our guidance it's all the way up, at $875 million. So, one of the things I'm really pleased with is, is the operational earnings power of the company is stronger than we thought. And I thought we had some pretty aggressive numbers at the beginning of the year. As I think about where the company is headed in fiscal '20 and '21, maybe a really simplistic way to think about the company financially. Our tax rate overall for this year is higher than I'd like. That's just a direct calculation in which both geographies', jurisdictions' incomes generated. I think that'll normalize back to a more normalized level as we move forward to '20 and '21. In addition to that, our interest expense is a little more fluffy, for lack of a better word, than we thought it would be. Beginning of the year we thought interest expense would be in the $210 million, maybe $215 million range. It's probably going to be more like $225 million for the year. That'll normalize as well if I think of one of the -- or one of the ways I look at interest expense for the company is kind of as a percentage of EBITDA. We're probably 150-200 basis points higher than what I'd call normal. But that's a bit intentional. And what I mean by that is, is we've taken on what I think is very, very good new business wins that's come very naturally to us. I use the term in the slides this time, kind of natural growth. It wasn't forced. And so what I think of is very short-term, it's a bit of tradeoff of interest expense on a temporary basis being a little higher than we thought. But it really sets the foundation nicely for fiscal '20 and '21. If I think back to the navigational beacon, I think I shared two slides back in September. One was the navigational beacon where I thought we'd get to or on a path to 4% operating margins, and then I showed kind of a fiscal '21 outlay where I thought we'd get to $3.80 in earnings, also with very good margin. So, I think what we'll be able to share with you in September is, our plan is a little bit ahead of schedule, and I think we'll be able to share with you that by taking on a little bit more interest expense in '19, as you start seeing where we're going in '20 and then '21, as I said in my prepared remarks, one is as I think you're going to see -- continue to see double-digit growth on the core EPS line. I think free cash flow next year will be in the range of about $500 million, and again we'll continue to press on margin. So, again, all in all, if I think about what we said we'd do at the beginning of the year, where we're at today really, really pleased with the earning power on our core op line. And certainly the journey for us is to get the company to $4 a share in earnings, as well as 4% margins.
Mark Mondello: Yes, I think one thing that's really cool is we are seeing weakness in legacy EMS business. We kind of have our EMS business broken up into two sectors, kind of enterprise infrastructure, and then our engineering solutions group. I think we'll confirm that we're seeing some weakness in legacy E&I customers. And yet if I look at the numbers, and I'd have to go back and check this, Adam, I could have this wrong. But I think the midpoint to where we guided you and showed you on the slides where EMS revenue is going to be midpoint of guidance for 4Q. Again, I want to go check it, but I think that might be a record quarter in terms of revenue for EMS. And in fact you roll that in with DMS, I think it might be a record revenue for the company overall midpoint of guidance. So, I think that just speaks to what we're up to, which is we've got deep pockets of weakness that we've been talking about, semi-cap on the EMS side, we've been talking about mobility on the DMS side. And then we've got kind of this dither of different pockets of divots and weakness scattered through, as you framed it, some of the legacy customers. And yet revenue for Q4, both on the EMS segment as well as the company are going to be at record levels. So, again I think it speaks volumes for what we're up to in terms of the diversification of the business.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Steve. So on the 5G cloud, I think there's a couple of catalysts there, one is, if I could start with 5G, there's tons in the media 5G is pushed into the [left] [ph], no it's not, maybe it is. 5G is coming. I think it's going to be transformational. There's lots being written about the tensions between Huawei and the U.S. I can tell you just in general, our legacy wireless business is about, as planned, maybe a little bit stronger. On the 5G side we're really, really pleased with our partners. I think they're positioned quite well in the overall infrastructure rollout for the U.S. and Europe. And we're fortunate to be right in the middle of that. So, today, we've taken, I think a reasonably, slightly conservative outlook for our 5G business, but all in all we feel pretty good on how we're positioned. And we'll see where that goes. On the cloud side, our team has built good partnerships with the hyperscale folks as well as some of the smaller folks. And our solution is, we've talked about it before, it's an asset-light solution. I think the main thesis around it is, is rapid configuration, significant reduction in overall network invested capital for all parties involved, and it seems to have been adopted, embraced, and as we sit today, in relatively good shape. I think you're correct, again, I don't have the exact numbers in front of me, but 5G and cloud I think at the beginning of the year combined we said would be in the range of $3 billion. And I think today it's in the range of closer to $4 billion. So that's just illustrative of a lot of hard work, success in terms of generating some new business, and then winning some market share from maybe a few other players on the 5G side. In terms of what we're doing, I appreciate the compliments. I think what we're doing is working. I think it's a combination of our structure, our approach. I think we're on to something here with this diversification strategy. Again, you think about our company, we've got some deep pockets of softness, and yet we're able to take our core operating income and grow it 14%-15% year-on-year on the operating line. And again I think it's due to the hard work of the team. But again I also think it's fundamental to our overall strategy. So, at a high level, I'd suggest we got a lot of hard work to do. We got to keep our nose down and serve our customers. But I think a lot of it has to do with our structure and our solutions. And at least for now it seems to be working, so we'll take it.
Mark Mondello: Yes, thanks, Paul. On the revenue guidance, Paul, we kind of use a standard range plus or minus 10%-12%. I think it's been that way for a while. We haven't really changed it much. In the fourth quarter, we got to be careful because in the mobility sector we're always ramping new products and things could go bump in the night. We don't anticipate that here. If we wanted to I guess we could probably narrow the range a bit, but I kind of like the safety of a little bit of a wide range. If you look at our performance in the last 12 quarters or so we've been pretty close to the center points of the range, and haven't been in the outer limits, certainly not on the downside. So there's not a whole lot to that other than kind of consistency for the last 20 quarters or so in the ranges we said, especially the fourth quarter, again when we're going through ramps. In terms of China, if I think back to my prepared remarks, there's just been a lot of questions. And we felt like we'd get out in front of it early on in some commentary. And again, truth be told, today we have lots and lots of scenario planning going on with customers. I feel really good because we've got some of the greatest brands on the planet that really, really trust us to run lead for them on their scenario planning and what-if scenarios. But even with all the scenario planning going on we're just not seeing a lot of customers moving existing production. There is some customers where they've made some choices maybe to ramp some of their new products in other geographies. I think that's really healthy. It's really good for us because it continues to help us balance factories and factory loading. We're not seeing a lot of component shortages. And certainly component shortage is getting worse than they were two-three quarters ago. If I had to scope that out for you, Paul, I'd say that the components stress and strain and shortages probably peaked about two to three quarters ago. We're actually seeing the overall supply chain globally start to normalize. I think if things stay the same I think the supply chain normalizes fully by the fall timeframe of 2019, which might be earlier than we had anticipated. And I think the other thing for us is, is all in all, not too many customers picking out, moving out of China. But I said in my prepared remarks, if that happens, if things were to worsen, Jabil I think is one of the best companies on the planet to help these brands, largely around the fact that we've got an excellent global footprint. We got about 50 million square feet of manufacturing space. But I think the real interesting thing in all that, Paul, is, is our factories are all weaved together with a very common IT system, and that's really, really beneficial to the customers. So, again, would like things to get settled, and settled as soon as possible between the U.S. and China. But again, I think we're in relatively good shape either way. I would close out that comment to say if things got really, really bad either short-term or long-term I think it's going to be tough on everybody, us included, but let's hope that that doesn't occur.
Mark Mondello: Okay, because I heard you say two. So let me address that, and then we can come back to your EMS question, Ruplu. Yes, I'm pretty excited about the results in DMS. So we expanded margins. Q3 is always a little bit of a soft quarter for us. We have product ramps going on in the mobility space. This year is no different, but I got to tell you the current team we have in place running that business today is doing an outstanding job on cost management, some factory re-layouts, the ability to maybe to ramp product a little bit more efficiently, more cost effectively. And then the other part on the DMS space is if you take a look at our packaging and healthcare growth, even if you took it back, say, 3Q of '18 versus 3Q of '19, the growth in healthcare and packaging has been substantial on a percentage basis. And when you think about the margin structure and the overall business in that area, that certainly was a contributor. So again, the revenue being up, it was -- I think DMS revenue for the quarter was up little over $100 million, not immaterial but not substantial, not all that uncommon, but what's really exciting for me is the margins on DMS we're starting to get a better blend quarter-on-quarter and not so much volatility, and again I think that's a good statement to our strategy.
Mark Mondello: Okay, I'll try to get myself not wrapped up or get myself in trouble or too far ahead of everything. So I think we're going to roll that out with quite a bit of detail on September, but I'd be highly disappointed if our EMS margins aren't higher than 3.2% next year. And I think we'll show you a path that you'll be pleased with in September. But again remember at the beginning of the year, I showed a chart, it was something along the lines of our base business in the company for fiscal '19 would be in the margin range of about 3.7%, and then the new business wins and at the time we thought across the company the new business that we're taking on would be in the $2 billion range, of which the vast majority of that was in EMS. I think if you look at the numbers today, the new business platforms are going to be bumping up against $2.5 billion. So, decent growth there, very select growth, intentional growth, and growth that we've been very selective and kind of letting the leash out on. And we said at the beginning of the year that business would generate about 1%. I think Mike, either the last call or the December call had kind of framed out and said, "Look, we're going to have a lot of investment in the front-half of the year on a lot of this business growth, and then it's going to start to normalize in the back half of the year." And again it's rough numbers, if you take a look at the EMS margins, Ruplu, I think blended for Q1, Q2 first-half of '19 EMS blended out about 2.3%, 2.4%, back-half of the year for EMS is going to be blended probably closer to 4%. So again, I think we're on an appropriate trajectory, and again I think you and your peers will be pleased with what you hear in September in terms of our EMS margins for '20.
Mark Mondello: Yes, Matt. So this question came up in kind of a similar format last call. Not going to get into the number of brands we serve and then it was asked about brands and then we were asked about hyperscale versus small folks. We won't get into any of that. We may get into that more in the September call. The one thing though that is pretty cool about that business is we've made lots of investments on a variable basis in terms of engineering and process, but in terms of -- in terms of fixed costs, if I was going to contrast that, say, with our mobility business that is heavily fixed cost weighted. Our fixed cost investments and for that matter working capital investments on the cloud business is what -- maybe for lack of a better word, statement whatever it's very, very asset-light. So it's very flexible. We can ebb and flow as volumes go up and down, and we don't have the stress and strain of the load of large fixed assets in that business, which by the way is a gem in terms of our solution and the potential variability of that business going forward.
Mark Mondello: That's right. I would characterize it as that business is -- it has a high, high degree of the variable cost infrastructure, which we can ebb and flow quite quickly. So, I feel comfortable with our solution being well-matched with that marketplace.
Mark Mondello: I don't know that we have high degree of confidence in it. We have as much confidence, Steve, as our market intelligence would tell us. We have got great relationships with big brands there, and again remember, in our capital equipment is both front-end and back-end, so we pay a lot of attention to both. I actually think that we're starting to frame out timeframe and period for recovery is pretty consistent with the overall marketplace. So I think I'd be surprised if people are going to start seeing a big recovery in semi-cap by this fall. I think our take anyway has been that the market -- there was a small probability that we see some degree of modest recovery in the fall in '19. That probably won't happen. I think the modest recoveries will start if anything very late in calendar '19, and will start picking momentum up for recovery in early '20 and into the say late spring, early summer. The nice thing is I think the snapback on that business isn't going to be a step function, I think it will be improvement over time. So I would hope to see our semi-cap business start to perform better in our 1Q of '20 and then see the gradual progression from there.
Mark Mondello: Okay, thanks, Mark. Yes, I think the one thing I feel very good about is we came out with the announcement of the deal very, very early in the year. And if anything -- I was going to say nothing's changed, but actually there has been change, and it's all been changed to the positive. There're different waves of transference of capability leadership people and insights. Those are all to plan or ahead of plan. And the difference between this year and next year is so I think you're spot on, I think revenue this year for the overall relationship will be in the $250 million to $300 million range. I think that next year will still be in the $800 million to $1 billion range. I think this year will be close to breakeven, maybe a hair above, but I think it's fair to say breakeven all around. And the next year I think your numbers of 2.5% to 3% makes sense. And again, I would see that as a natural slope up from there as we move to fiscal 2021 and beyond. And the biggest issue is again the complexity and just the overall magnitude of the business in terms of IT systems bringing the teams over payroll, administrative types of things; the safety part of it is we've acquired an excellent team. So, unlike other transactions where we have to scramble around, add headcount, train inexperience, we acquired a fabulous group of people. On my prepared remarks today, I talked about the second wave of three sites coming onboard. Those teams are -- every bit is exceptional as the first two factories in Turis and Albuquerque. And then the other thing that's just kind of amazing to me is we felt like we were going to gather really, really good marketable capabilities as part of this deal, and those capabilities and what we plan to do with them are well ahead of expectations. So, it's pretty exciting.
Mark Mondello: Well, thanks Jim. I appreciate the compliment. I don't want to comment on our peers. I think we have plenty in front of us to focus on. I do think, Jim, there's a differentiation with our IT systems. I said in my prepared remarks and I put it in there intentionally, you know, our team has really experienced and some times the experienced people get a little tired. You know what, our team is experienced and fully wound up, clear on the mission, clear on what our priorities are, I think our structure is outstanding in terms of decisions we're making, speed of decisions. I would tell you that even with the uplift in operating margins this year going from 8.50 to 8.75, again a 14%, 15% growth in core operating income year-on-year. With the growth we've put on top of the company, one of the things we pride ourselves on is our factories run really, really, really efficiently and really well. I think we've got a little bit of creaking going on with some of our factories because of the growth. I bring that up because the good news is our factory's performance is only going to get better next year, because growth won't be as great. And then you add to it the fact that the growth that we've taken on, and again we've said this over and over and over again, it was really good selective growth that adds great capabilities to the company and the growth that we have is growth rate in our sweet spot that we can execute on. So again, I don't have an opinion, or maybe I have opinions, but not opinions I want to share with our competition. I got a lot of respect for the challenges they have, but I really like what we're up to, and I like our path forward.
Mike Dastoor: Hey, Matt. So, the increase in free cash flow for next year is a combination of improvement in margin. Obviously our EBIT goes up and working capital normalizes. I think I mentioned in the past that inventory is at a higher level than we like it to be. Each day of working capital, each day of inventory is about $60 million. So you see improvements coming through on an annualized basis of just one or two days and you're getting there. We're about -- I'd expect a completely normalized inventory run rate to be around 55 days. Right now we're in 64. I think we'll be down to 60 relatively soon in Q4, and going forward if we take a day or two out, the free cash flow number 25% that sounds highly achievable.
Mike Dastoor: Hey, Steven, when Mark mentioned EPS growth rates of 10% plus and free cash flow of plus 25% in FY '20 that the semi-cap issue is already being considered in there.
Mike Dastoor: It's just a combination of all working capital metrics. If you go back last couple of years, Q4 has been an extremely strong quarter from a cash flow perspective. If you take that as a percentage of revenues, Q4 of this year is extremely consistent with those trends. I feel really good. It's a combination of all working capital. It's a combination of the EBITDA that we'll be generating and all other metrics that makes the free cash flow number.
