Mark Mondello: Thanks for the comments, Jim. Yes, we – if I think about the last number of years, starting with COVID and indexing all the way through today, we’ve dealt with a lot of challenges, which, by the way, to me, as I said in my prepared remarks, makes our team, I don’t know, even more reliable and more terrific when we think about power outages and COVID and COVID lingering and COVID shutdowns and geopolitical issues and the unfortunate continued war in Ukraine and inflation and rising costs. And now we’ve – we are dealing with what looks to be a fairly nasty storm in the Tampa Bay area. Specific to the storm these things ebb and flow by the hour. Right now, the outlook doesn’t look so good. To put that in context, we’ve got about 250,000-plus people in the company around the world. We’ve got around 3,000 in the Tampa Bay area. So first and foremost, right after we get off the call, we will go around again and check to be sure everybody is doing the right things. And after the storm passes, we will be sure everybody is okay, much like we do in any geography. So – and we do have our defense and aerospace factory here, and we will use standard Jabil protocols. We’ve closed the campus starting this afternoon, and the campus will be closed through the end of the week. There’ll be no material impact whatsoever to Q1 or our guide for ‘23. And again, Jim, appreciate the kind words.
Mark Mondello: Maybe I could break that into two. First, on the depth of the relationship, the depth of the relationship we have with our largest customer in the cloud business is substantial. And we really appreciate that, and we work really hard to earn that, but that relationship is in great shape. When I think about all of our relationships in the cloud, 5G wireless area, we’re really pleased with the areas in which we get to participate and feel pretty bullish about that through ‘23 and hopefully going into ‘24. Specific to the cloud business, Jim, you alluded to the fact that I think we first started talking about our strategy that we had around a geo-centric configuration type of solution in the cloud space, largely around enhanced flexibility, agility and taking a lot of inventory and slack out of the supply chain. That’s proven to be a good assumption. I think we started talking about this back in 2018, ’19 time frame. We also, at that same point in time early on, we crafted this business to be – and Mike talked about this a bit, what we kind of talk about is asset light. So lots of agility, lots of speed in the configuration, moving very quickly, low count of fixed assets on a relative basis to other parts of our business and then very efficient working capital management. As part of that, we use this term consignment, and I don’t want people to be confused about what consignment is. Consignment isn’t any type of financial tool or anything we do to juice up margins per se. Consignment is simply around – when we take a look at what we do in the supply chain, what values we add, there is simply some materials based with our relationship with the suppliers as well as our customers where we add very little value. And so based on that, we continue to evolve and craft the supply chain in our cloud business, where we’re spending most of our time adding great value. The impact of that, and again, Mike talked about this in his prepared remarks, is that for fiscal ‘23, roughly, give or take a bit, about $500 million of material content will come out of the natural cloud business for ‘23. And so the impact of that is if you look at the slides we presented, our cloud business going from FY ‘22 to FY ‘23 on a dollar basis, I think, shows a $200 million decline, ‘22 to ‘23. I don’t remember the exact slides, but we’ve been through the numbers enough. So cloud, 5G wireless was about a $6.5 billion business in ‘22. Cloud, 5G wireless in ‘23 will be a bit lower than that in the $6.3 billion, $6.4 billion range. But on a unit volume basis, volumes are up and growth is exactly where we thought it would be for ‘23. So again, the dollars can appear a little bit distorted, but that is all about the fact that it’s a continuation of running the cloud business in an asset-light manner.
Mark Mondello: How should you think about seasonality? I just don’t – Ruplu, I know where you’re getting at, right? I don’t – I just don’t think seasonality – I don’t think of seasonality in the EMS space. It’s really about the evolving construct of the business. So what might appear on the surface as seasonality is just a continuance of reshaping that business again as we focus on a good blend of margins and cash flows. I guess for modeling purposes, I don’t want to be too prescript here, but I think with the guide that Mike provided for Q1 of ‘23, I think our margins on the EMS side year-on-year, I would guess we will be up 20, 30 basis points. So if you take a look at EMS by – and in and of itself, if you take a look at Q1 ‘22, you match that to Q1 ‘23, I would think the EMS margins will be up again 20, 30 basis points. And then if you kind of extrapolate out Q2, Q3, Q4, I would guess margins will be similar as they were in ‘22. And I think the best part of the overall story with EMS is in FY ‘21, I think our EMS margins were sub 4%. I think in FY ‘22, our EMS margins were 4.3%. And I think in FY ‘23, the EMS margins will be closer to 4.5% to 4.6%, somewhere in that range.
Mark Mondello: Sure, Matt. I don’t think it’s – I think we would agree with you on the demand side. In overall general terms, I would say the 5, 6 points of upside is two things. A, there is still a decent amount of backlog that needs to be replenished. And supply chain is getting better, albeit slowly, but moving in the right direction. And number two is a lot of that is what I would kind of consider wonderful customers but legacy customers nonetheless. And we continue to pick up small pockets of share in the business. So I would say those are the main two components driving the growth from ‘22 to ‘23.
Mark Mondello: I would say the – our best estimate is if you notice, as you guys build out your models, I think you will see what could appear to be maybe a little bit of distortion first half to second half if you compare ‘22 to ‘23, specifically on the EMS side. That would suggest that the – most of the consignment impact for the year will be towards the back half.
Mark Mondello: Let me comment on the last comment first. And I know Mike will add to it and correct me – he will correct me where I am wrong for sure. But I think the 80%, I think is firm. And I think that will include the buybacks plus our dividend over the next couple of years, and Mike can expand on that. In terms of the footprint, Steve, there is no big changes to our footprint anticipated ‘22 to ‘23. We really like the footprint that we have. We think that our current footprint with the number of factories you have in the U.S. and our ability to expand those factories might serve us well to the extent there is some re-showing [ph] with clean energy. We will see what happens with the CHIPS Act. We have been staying very close to that directly with our friends in D.C. There is a lot of details that need to be worked out there. But that’s one thing I could think about. But as we often say, the nice thing about Jabil is if you take a look at our capabilities, you take a look at our scale, almost independent of geopolitical issues, there is going to be some bumpiness for sure on the macro. But over the next 3 years to 5 years, there is a lot of things that still need to be built. And we have build stuff, and we do it awfully well. And we can accommodate the needs of nearly any geography either on the supply side or the demand side. I would – I think you asked about Southeast Asia and India. Over the last number of years, we have expanded into and continue to grow in Malaysia. We have ramped up a wonderful campus in Vietnam. We will continue – Southeast Asia will certainly continue to be of interest to us. By the way, we also have a wonderful footprint in Mainland China that we are pleased with. And then lastly, for India, I think India, we have done what I would consider moderate, maybe even modest on a relative basis investments in India around the Mumbai area in Pune. And that campus continues to scale. If I had to wave a magic wand and kind of guess what things might look like in India, say, in FY ‘24 or ‘25, my guess would be our footprint in India will be greater in fiscal ‘24 and ‘25 than it is today.
Mark Mondello: Well, this is ever changing. And we will see what the next 60 days, 90 days, 120 days hold between monetary policy and everything else. I would say, as we sit today, Mark, the only area that we are seeing distinct decline in demand is around connected devices and consumer goods. Other than that, everything is either flat to up. I spoke about the 5G cloud. Again, unit volumes are up. So, of the eight sectors that we talk about in our business, the one that’s down based on demand or our belief of what’s going to happen in demand is in the area of consumer products and connected devices.
Mark Mondello: I would say if we go back 1 year ago, say, 9 months to 12 months ago, we had tremendous challenges more broad-based across the supply chain. As we sit today, we still have pockets of challenges. I would say the biggest challenges we have are around legacy semiconductors, and probably the biggest friction points continue to be around the EV space and the healthcare space. But on a relative basis, what we said the last number of calls is our Jabil team is doing a wonderful job in securing parts relative to others. So, we will continue to secure the parts. Our – the nice thing about how we look to forecast the business, whether it’s on an annual basis like today where we go a degree deeper, it’s on our quarterly calls, with our systems, our IT systems, how everything is linked together in terms of our factories, it really allows us real time to understand the puts and the takes of the business from the bottoms up. So, we start every single session with input and data from the factories as well as the customers. So, I think we have contemplated all of the supply chain issues that are at hand at the moment as we have offered the outlook for ‘23.
Mark Mondello: So, I think things are very – are different. Maybe they are both going to be rising. You talked about China. Again, we saw some power outages there in the fourth quarter. We baked in some conservatism there for ‘23, although it’s modest. In terms of Europe, our two big revenue generators are Poland and Hungary. We have taken a hard look at and kind of done a deep dive in the construct of Poland and Hungary generate their power. We think the impact to us through the winter months in Europe will be modest as well. And I would just say that if I just kind of wrap that up into Jabil’s more global footprint, we have seen and we will continue to see rising costs in various areas of our business. And we handle that differently with every single customer depending on the relationship, the terms and the overall economics. The good news is I think we have given appropriate if not deep consideration to all of that. And we are still bringing forward an outlook for ‘23 that takes margins up 20 basis points to 4.8%.
Mark Mondello: I like your question because whether it’s Industry 3.0 or 4.0, I am not quite sure. But at Jabil, it’s kind of 1.0. It’s right at the heart of what we do. Our business is complicated at times. Our strategy is really straightforward. Our strategy gets driven by each of the individual sectors because that’s where all the domain expertise lies. And then at an enterprise level, we build stuff. And the better we build stuff, the more flexible we are in building stuff, the better our geography is in serving customers, the better engineering is, the more market share gains we will continue to capture as we move forward. And Shannon, a big part of that is, again, I think if we are not the largest, we are one of the largest large-scale manufacturing services company in the world. And a huge, huge amount of that is always our OpEx and our CapEx investments. And we just believe deeply in investing in the business because, again, we don’t want to be making decisions for today that aren’t great decisions long-term. And those investments are great decisions long-term. So, whether it’s AR, VR, whether it’s artificial intelligence, whether it’s additional data analytics, whether it’s robotics, automation, by the way, we make significant investments in those areas. I would guess that independent of our customers between our overall advancement in IT, data analytics, robotics, all of that stuff, our OpEx investments are probably $400 million to $500 million a year. And we think those are terrific investments for the company and will be very material as we move forward and run this company north of 5% at a very large scale.
Mark Mondello: Thanks for the questions, Paul. Just on the buybacks, I think your comment was, why not be more aggressive. I think we are being very aggressive. If we just take a look at cash flows we dealt – we delivered in ‘22 and the level of buyback, the level of buybacks, and Mike talked about this level of buybacks in ‘22 was north of 700 million on free cash flows of $800 million. I consider that extremely aggressive. By the way, that doesn’t include our dividend. If I think about ‘23 and ‘24, Mike talked about the fact that we got authorization for an extra $1 billion. We add that to the unused portion of the prior authorization, that puts in play about $1.3 billion. If I think about our free cash flow this year being $900 million, and we are saying nothing about fiscal ‘24, but hypothetically, let’s say it was around $1 billion, you got $1.9 billion in free cash flow. And now you are talking about a total authorization of $1.3 billion plus another $100 million plus for dividend, you are talking about us returning $1.4 billion or give or take against free cash flows of $1.9 billion. So, I think that’s appropriate and we could debate whether or not it’s aggressive enough. But I think it’s a very nice returning capital directly to shareholders. In terms of M&A, we think – so again, I think one of the charm, the real charming part of being in our business with all the complexities is it’s a big world out there. And I said earlier, there is lots and lots and lots of things that need to be built. And the world is not going to become virtual completely, and the world is not going to become kind of holographic. It’s like there is hard things. We talk internally sometimes, a big part of the way we run the business is digital with ones and zeros, but the output of that is based in atoms. I mean, they are hard, tangible things we build. And again, the market is massive. So, I just – we will continue to do small acquisitions, largely around acquiring engineering talent and technical capabilities. But the best use of our capital, A, is exactly what you alluded to is at these valuations, returning capital to shareholders via dividends and buyback. And then also the best use of our cash is both CapEx and OpEx investments, again, with an eye on continuing to pick up share, continuing to position us in a very dominant portion of the overall supply chain and then also with an eye on getting the margins for the company over 5% on a sustainable basis.
Mark Mondello: I would say to your – the first part of your question is the overall – if I take a look at all of our bill of materials, which are in the tens of thousands and extrapolate this comment over all of it, the supply chain is very mixed. There is some part of the supply chain that’s already more normalized, and there is some part of the supply chain remaining that’s inflationary. I think that continues to move in the direction of over time of being more normalized. And in terms of the bill of materials becoming deflationary, I don’t think we have to worry about that so much in ‘23. We will see what happens in the first half of ‘24. But we have been doing this a long time. And if you just kind of think about the 55 years that Jabil has been in business and maybe focus on the last 30 years, it’s just been a continuous sine wave of up, down, up, down, up, down in terms of our variable costs or fixed costs and cost of bill of material. I think we will continue to navigate. We will continue to navigate that quite well with customers. And I don’t envision – I certainly don’t envision – we wouldn’t have guided the 4.8% this year if we thought there was a risk to that. And I think this morning alone, I have mentioned the idea of running the company at 5% with, I think a purposeful consideration of what might happen to the materials market, the component market and our bill of materials, we feel pretty confident of driving the margins to 5%.
Mark Mondello: Well, Melissa, first off, keep yourself safe. And I don’t think today is going to be all that exciting, but certainly, starting at noon tomorrow, I think things will get quite interesting. So, please keep safe. In terms of the overall bill of material, I think some of it is our scale and our leverage. And I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we just have a wonderful network of suppliers. So, I think that’s part of it. I think the other part of it is with the current monetary policies and things going on around the world, I think in general, and this is now becoming maybe a little bit more, and I used the word a little bit, a little bit more of the rule versus the exception. But I think demand in general on a macro basis will start to soften a bit. I mentioned earlier that we are seeing it largely around consumer product, connected devices. But I think demand will start to soften a bit. And I think that’s going to help with overall supply chain, both continuity and supply as we move forward in the next 9 months, 12 months, 18 months.
Mark Mondello: So, there is inventories we are holding today that – yes, I love your term. We would like to destock those, and we are going to work very hard to destock some of these things in FY ‘23. They were put there with purpose. They are there to support the customers, the old adage of the golden screw deal. We have been dealing with that for a long, long time. We think that starts to normalize the back half of ‘23. And so I would guess we are very pleased, by the way, with the progress that we have made in terms of days of inventory reduction as we got to the back half of fiscal ‘22. And I would guess we will see a similar trajectory as we move through ‘23 on a relative basis. So, I would be really disappointed if we are sitting here, let’s say, in the second half of ‘23 and our overall inventory levels are not down in a material way.
Mark Mondello: Just a general comment that I don’t think has much to do with your question. I think the one area I would look at is in overall DMS, we continue to see awfully good growth in EVs, automotive and transport. And we see a good, stable, growing business in healthcare and packaging. So, I am not sure on your math on connected devices and mobility being 47% other than – and then we give it to you on the chart. I am just thinking about as we move into ‘24, ‘25 from an overall risk standpoint, I would – I think we are going to continue to see good trajectory of growth in the automotive, transport, healthcare, packaging as we move beyond ‘23. That’s point number one. Point number two is I think trying to put together at least in regards to Jabil-specific, trying to put together connected devices with mobility, I wouldn’t do that because there is different elements of those businesses beyond just raw demand that are material to Jabil in terms of our realized demand versus the overall marketplace. And last point to your question, I think on connected devices and mobility in general, as we sit today, the way in which we run both of those businesses and the way in which we have agreed commercial terms with the customers puts us in a situation where we feel pretty good in terms of risk management to both areas of the business.
Mike Dastoor: Hey Matt. Yes, it does. I would use so for the year were about 138 million to 140 million and for Q1 in the 141 million, 142 million range.
Mike Dastoor: And Steve, on your buyback question, if you look at what we have done in FY ‘22, we repurchased almost 700 million of our shares. We will continue to be well-balanced in our approach and opportunistic at the same time. We have an additional authorization of another $1 billion, bringing our total authorization to almost $1.3 billion. If you look at the end markets that we play in, the secular tailwinds that we continue to see, our margin accretion, our EPS accretion, cash flow accretion, all leads me to think that we are highly undervalued. And we feel buybacks is the best way to tackle that issue.
Mike Dastoor: Sure. So, I will answer that. I think if you look at how we structure our pricing, etcetera, the revenue is mainly predominantly U.S. dollar-based bill of material that we buy from suppliers is mainly predominantly U.S. dollar-based. The value-add that you get, the local labor, the local cost, yes, those fluctuate. We do have true-up mechanisms with our customers to re-price if there is a significant move. And we also hedge our FX on the value-add portion as well. So, overall, FX is not something I lose sleep over.
Mike Dastoor: And Melissa, just as a reminder, most of our inventory is actually raw materials and WIP. There is very little finished goods. So, we don’t have a finished good problem or any such lag. It’s the raw materials and WIP. As Mark said, we bring it in for our customers after they place a PO. So, they are legally contractually obligated with that inventory as well. So, it’s just a matter of the golden screw coming through and our manufacturing churning our products. It’s a relatively different inventory situation than perhaps retailers or any other type of market.
