Timothy L. Main: Well I think if you applied the new growth rates that we’ve given you at kind of the midpoint, Brian, it would be – that would give you some guidance into the mid $18 billion range. We’re getting off maybe to a little bit softer start. So, I think your revenue levels would be a little bit wide of that based on the current macro environment and that kind of thing. So, to kind of look at it that way, I think from a margin expectation standpoint, again, we’re starting off with a bit of a slow start in the first fiscal quarter in particular as we’re still handicapping in some underperformance in Specialized Services and continuing to mend our E&I performance in some of the other business areas. But as I said in my prepared remarks, I don’t think we’re far from quarters where the Company is earning well above $200 million per quarter in operating income. So, the back half of the year looks very good, similar to slightly up revenue levels. So, again, we started 2012, I went back and looked at the prepared slide presentation for 2012 the outset, we called for moderate revenue growth in 2012 -- fiscal 2012. We got that a little bit more. We started the year expecting a little bit better revenue growth than what we put up, but we think in looking at fiscal year ’13 given the growth opportunities we have in DMS and really kind of resetting the bar to a macroeconomic environment that we expect to continue to be somewhat lackluster. We think of 5% to 10% growth is very, very doable for us.
Timothy L. Main: Well, I think we moved back towards 6% pretty rapidly. I don’t know that we’ll be there in Q1. We’re still handicapping in some underperformance from DMS in Q1. But as we get into Q2, Q3 and Q4, I would expect us to be back in that 6% plus range.
Timothy L. Main: The way I would handicap and not looking at that segment in particular, but kind of the Company overall, I think at $4.3 billion revenue level you would have expected us to be between $195 million and $200 million in operating income. So kind of walking back down from that level, call it about $10 million to $15 million due to the Specialized Services ramp, so inefficiencies associated with that, about $5 million associated with the mix change, negative mix change. Diversified Manufacturing Services revenue was down and High Velocity was up from expectations, so we called for 17% increase in Diversified Manufacturing Services and we put up 12%. We called for a 22% decline in High Velocity and it only declined 10%. So negative mix change there, another $5 million. And then Forbes mentioned some poor profitability in particular areas, particularly Clean Tech which has been soft with cutbacks in government spending that’s solar as well as some other areas, and Defense & Aerospace has been underperforming, so that’s another $5 million. So that accounts for the $20 million to $25 million of lack of margin performance.
Timothy L. Main: Our Industrial & Clean Tech marketing incorporates solar, and year-over-year revenue level was negative and declined over the course of the year purely industrial areas of the business grew in the low double-digits and so it was actually a lower growth year than we’ve had historically. But we’re really comfortable with our progress there and think the industrial area continues to be a very attractive area for us. I think longer term Clean Tech, if it doesn’t include solar, Clean Tech will continue to be all the energy related areas of industrial energy will continue to be attractive as well.
Timothy L. Main: I think we should exit Q1 with much better results. It’s just difficult for us to tell at this point how much recovery we will get in Q1 and I think by Q2 we should be kind of out of the woods.
Timothy L. Main: Yeah, I think it’s – I kind of indicated that a little bit, Craig, in the prepared comments that a little bit of a convergence between High Velocity, Enterprise & Infrastructure in terms of the market pressures and forces. They are very different businesses. Enterprise & Infrastructure is much more complex in terms of the services we provide. Order fulfillment, very complex logistics, very complicated products in some cases, a little bit higher mix than High Velocity. But that said, it seems to be kind of moving in the same general direction in terms of a traditional EMS marketplace, and we will apply the same kind of playbook that we used to improve profitability in High Velocity, focus on key customers, cutback on non-value add resources and investments that you at one time thought were strategic, but customers don’t actually use or want. Really focus on lean manufacturing, plant consolidation, the types of things that turned High Velocity from a sub 2% business to a plus 3% business. And I think we’re on that path. Enterprise & Infrastructure is also a little bit more material intensive. The products are more expensive. There is more material flow through the products. So the return on value add is still pretty good. But Craig, I think, that’s the right way to look at it, is that, we apply the playbook to High Velocity that we can also apply to Enterprise & Infrastructure, even though that’s a little bit more complicated business area by its nature.
Timothy L. Main: Our business overall is pretty healthy. We have businesses in point of sale systems in printing, set-top boxes. Automotive has actually been a bright spot for us, we’re seeing pretty good growth in automotive today with great quality and great results, and high levels of customer satisfaction, so that’s an area we actually think we can grow. But overall those business areas will not show robust growth in terms of end-market activity, especially when you get into areas like set-top boxes it’s a – there’s some exposure there. So, now I think that 0% to 5% type of growth rate is appropriate. Printing business is very solid, great customer relationships there, so that feels pretty stable and pretty strong.
Timothy L. Main: I think that what we will see is growth in Healthcare & Instrumentation and Industrial & Clean Tech over the course of FY ’13, if that’s where you’re going with that question. Specialized Services will definitely pace growth for DMS throughout fiscal year ’13, the way it looks to us. But I think we’ll get recovery in growth, higher levels of growth particularly in the back half of FY ’13 in the healthcare and industrial areas.
Timothy L. Main: I think by the end of the fiscal year we’ll definitely be in the margin target. I don’t – we presently do not anticipate any major plant restructurings or rationalizations to improve the profitability there.
Timothy L. Main: Yeah. Sure, so, in terms of the first part of the question, I don’t want to get too close to the sum in terms of talking about individual programs, but it is both scale and complexity. But they’re pretty good at managing scales, so the complexity of the product is probably a bigger element. I feel good about the progress that’s being made, but realistically it’s going to take us over the course of the first fiscal quarter to really determine whether or not we will master the process to a level that will drive targeted margins and we have baked-in some of that uncertainty into our forecast. So, we’ve been through this before, now a couple of times and my – I believe that we will make it happen. But it is a significant scale, and probably one of the more complex products that we’ve ramped in the Company.
Timothy L. Main: Yeah, I think in terms of DMS margin profile, we’re not telegraphing hyper competitiveness in that segment. In fact, I think we’re pursuing areas where higher levels of differentiation are possible for us and doable for us in Healthcare and Industrial and in some of the other areas. We’ve taken a look back over the last few years and we’ve operated in the range of 6% to 8%, but at the low-end of that range. So continuing to have 8% is the upper level seems a little bit forced and frankly we want to go out and aggressively grow this area and I outlined in the prepared remarks, Wamsi. We’ve learned a few things in terms of the level of infrastructure that it takes, the engineering expertise that it takes. It’s a lot of small programs in Industrial & Healthcare that you need to win, and we don’t want to impede the business development prospects that our people have to aggressively grow the business. So the 5.5% bottom-end of the range isn’t telegraphing competition price are not getting paid; it’s telegraphing that that’s a very acceptable margin level in that business and telegraphing that we’re going to go aggressively grow and get deeper and deeper into the EMS areas and really look for more balanced growth. Our growth has been primarily driven, particularly in the last 12 months, by Specialized Services. We want to see better growth in Healthcare & Instrumentation and Industrial. And we need to balance that growth out across all three of those sectors. So we’re going to aggressively pursue that. And frankly, I think that 5.5% to 7% range, 8% may not have been achievable previously. I think we have a reasonable shot at driving the business to in certain periods into the closer to 7%. I think Forbes outlined that given the mix that we have here between E&I, High Velocity and the DMS margin structure, the Company can still put up 5% operating margin at the type of growth rates that we’re talking about. So, we still feel very good about that and our operating margin at 5% would be significantly above our – will be best-in-class. Our 6.3% EBITDA margins are already a couple of 100 basis points against similarly sized companies in our industry. So, we’re going to continue to really focus on margin expansion, cash flow generation, EBITDA margins and you know really running a really healthy business.
Timothy L. Main: I think it’s kind of an easy compare in terms of buckets. There will be some deceleration in growth over the latter-half of the year, but there is not a lot outstanding. It gets a little bit tough when you’re looking at year-over-year numbers. I don’t think that sequential performance is not quite at dramatic 3% growth on a sequential basis, so not huge growth.
Timothy L. Main: Well we don’t have a margin progression for E&I. I think we’ll continue to see progress there. We provided that for the last couple of quarters and well frankly we missed the mark, and so we’re going to have to have some more diligent work there and I think we’ll make continued progress and by the end of the year certainly be in that – in the targeted range of 3% to 4%. I don’t think there was anything extraordinary that Amitabh that we would expect High Velocity margins to plummet from where they are today to 2.5%, but these are long-term targets and we are handicapping in potential changes in mix, not that we think they are going to happen, but they could. If for instance if mobility EMS revenue took off and made up a larger percentage of the overall High Velocity business that could have the impact of reducing margins. If things stayed as they’re today, then we would expect to continue to operate in that range. We don’t think it’s realistic to think that the High Velocity business area overall will stay at 3.8% level. Even though we’ve successfully done that all year, I don’t think it’s realistic to think that that’s a sustainable level long-term.
Timothy L. Main: The ironic thing is that panel volume is exploding. I mean it’s just – it’s really, I think last quarter, the last 12 months have been a record by a significant degree in terms of shipments. But the industry is going from what was kind of the techie start-up, lots of capital flowing into the business, so lots of startup companies in the industry to a very concentrated business that was attacked aggressively by particularly Chinese suppliers, and that really drove pricing down and polysilicon is in plentiful supply and the pricing has dropped. I think long-term to the extent that we can maintain the manufacturing capability and the process capability that we’ll be able to have a profitable business there longer term. But we’re going through this transition where these – over the last five years ago when all of the money really flowed into solar, these kind of techie start-up companies are just going out of business. I mean they don’t have the capacity, the scale, the investment to hang in there. So we’re going through a transition in customer base and I don’t think that we have – yeah, the way we look at it today I can’t – certainly couldn’t promise you that we won’t have anymore, but we don’t see any additional charges like that on the horizon. Hopefully we’ll be able to keep that manufacturing capability together and do business with successful companies in the future because the overall volume in that business is still increasing.
Timothy L. Main: Yes, that’s the primary story. I mean we forecast it should be down 22%, it was down 10% I think something like that. So, that was really the consolidation of our mobility business which helped mitigate the downside in the quarter.
Timothy L. Main: I think we’d get to margin expansion and accretion and EPS growth particularly in the back-half of the year. Okay, it’s unusual for a program to extend over two quarters; it’s not really six months. Jim, that’s really kind of an impact over a couple of quarters. I kind of ticked through the various elements of where you might expect us to be at revenue level of $4.33 billion in Q4 and where we ended up $10 million to $15 million in Specialized Services because of the ramp. $5 million negative mix shift, $5 million in poor profitability in Defense and Aerospace, in Clean Tech areas. We think that meant we’ll see where the mix shift goes and we think over the course of Q1 and certainly Q2 we will hit targeted levels of efficiencies and quality in our Specialized Services Group. So we will look for a rebound in margin performance, particularly in Q2 through Q4, depending on revenue levels and levels of production. But we would look for rebound in margins over that period.
Timothy L. Main: We are not counting on revenue growth to drive that improvement. We’ve lowered the revenue growth targets to 0% to 5%. That business is relatively stable as you can see from the sequential growth rate from Q4 to Q1. So we think kind of that business has bottomed out in terms of where it’s been in last year. I think year – in fiscal ’12 it actually contracted by 2% from fiscal ’11, that’s in spite of some very significant market share gains that we enjoyed in Storage and from Infrastructure businesses, but the overall macro environment as well as some of the things I mentioned and where hardware spend is going more than offset those market share gains. But it looks like things have bottomed out there and we look for a little bit – very modest 0% to 5% revenue growth over the course of the year. So the main lever there will be improving operational efficiency and performance.
Timothy L. Main: I don’t think there is much incremental change. I mean, this – the overall environment definitely softened mid 2012. I think you saw that reflected in our results and our outlook for Q3 and Q4, relatively subdued outlook for Q1 although we’re calling for revenue growth $4.3 billion to $4.5 billion, which we will take a $100 million in incremental growth or $70 million whatever it is quarter-over-quarter. That’s better than contracting and there are really no incremental changes, there has just been no incremental positives. In my experience, generally quarter-to-quarter, there is a few negatives and a few positives and they kind of offset and things go on. Just recently there haven’t been many upsides. So, I don’t think anything has incrementally changed though and again, I’m not pessimistic at all. I think the overall environment is relatively stable. When I look at our business geographically, Asia and North America have done reasonably well in this environment. Europe has been very poor, very poor. So to the extent, Europe begins to bottom out, particularly, as it relates Enterprise & Infrastructure then I think our business will be poised for some pretty good growth in FY ’13, but we will have to see how that turns out.
Forbes I.J. Alexander: And with regards to your cash flow question, yeah, we do anticipate $1 billion of operating cash flow next fiscal year based on our current estimates. And as I said in prepared remarks, we would expect the earnings per share without diving into specific guidance on core operating income, but earnings per share growth somewhere between 5% and 10% in fiscal ’13 over ’12, so that implies in expansion of margin and expansion in EBITDA in fiscal ’13 over ’12, which brings additional cash flow which brings additional cash flow. In addition to that it’s continued to focus on our working capital management. If you look at fiscal ’12, our inventory performance was pretty poor. Overall, it is very pleasing to see $100 million come out in the fourth quarter and with continued focus I think we can improve our inventory performance by certainly a couple days as we move through fiscal ’13. So I think continued expansion in EBITDA and inventory performance in ’13 gives us a real great shot of $1 billion in operating cash flow.
Forbes I.J. Alexander: No, I don’t see potential other issues. It’s a very difficult space in the last three or four quarters – excuse me, last two or three quarters and I’m talking particularly about the solar space. I think a lot of OEMs are really struggling on a global basis be the European, Asian or North American domicile. So, it’s a tough marketplace and as I said, we’re changing our operating model to some degree in any of those relationships and being very, very cautious as we look into ’13 about further engagement in that space until we see a return on to – frankly financial performance and growth from these OEMs.
Forbes I.J. Alexander: I would also add, Jim, I have – in my prepared remarks I talked about continued capital investment this current fiscal quarter and the November quarter. So, we talked about last quarter additional floor space being available. That is now available and in the coming weeks, we will be laying down additional [comp] capacity to support these ramps. So, that does extend the complexity if you will across a couple of quarters.
Forbes I.J. Alexander: So for the first fiscal quarter Jim its 212 million shares and that – again it does not include or contemplate the usage of $400 million of stock repurchase.
