Beth Walters: Thank you, operator and good afternoon everyone. Welcome to our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2017 earnings call. Joining me on the call today are Chief Executive Officer, Mark Mondello; and Chief Financial Officer, Forbes Alexander. This call is being recorded and will be posted for audio playback on jabil.com, in the Investors section. Our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2017 press release, slides and corresponding webcast are also available on our website. In these materials, you will find the financial information that we will cover during this conference call. We ask that you now follow our presentation with the slides on the website, beginning with Slide 2, our forward-looking statement. During this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements including among other things, those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business such as our currently expected first quarter of fiscal 2018 net revenue and earnings. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2016, and our other filings with the SEC. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. On today's call we will begin with an update from Mark followed by fourth quarter results and first quarter 2018 guidance from Forbes. Following our prepared comments, we will open it up to questions and I will now turn the call over to Mark.
Beth Walters: Thank you, Forbes. Before we begin the question-and-answer session, I would like to remind our call participants that in customary fashion, we will not be addressing customer or product-specific questions. Thank you for your cooperation. Operator, we are now ready for the Q&A.
Beth Walters: Great. Thank you everyone for joining us today. We will be here this evening and the rest of this week for any follow-up calls with investors, analysts and the investment community. Thank you again for your interest in Jabil.
Mark Mondello: Hey, Paul. So, I just, as much as I’d love to, I just can’t – I can’t give you a lot of color around any of it other than to say that not much has changed from our planning in 90 days ago other than the fact that, as I said in my prepared remarks the ramp up of products was pretty challenged technically. We had some loaded cost in our factories through 4Q. Some of those cost overruns continued through the month of September. We are back on track as we sit today and the outlook going forward is well aligned with our plan. 
Mark Mondello: Yes, so, I think we’ve done a good job of kind of considering puts and takes. We talked about the $2.60 for fiscal year 2018 90 days ago during the June call as we sit today, not much has really changed. If you think about our guidance for 1Q of 2018, 90 days ago, we kind of felt that would be in the $0.80 range. I think our midpoint that we just provided is about $0.78 at the midpoint.  We clipped a couple pennies off for two reasons, again, we had some cost challenges in the month of September and then, with our healthcare facility down in Puerto Rico, we’ve taken a bit of a conservative approach for 1Q and 2Q in our thinking, but we believe we will recover any of that in the back half.
Mark Mondello: So, I don’t think our margins in DMS are going to go down year-on-year. I think 1Q of 2018, even with the business the way it looks today, I think there is a high probability and I think that our midpoint of guide will still be in the 5% to 7% range, probably closer to the 5% range for DMS margins in 1Q and then for the fiscal year we are not going to talk much about Q2, Q3, Q4 for DMS, but I wouldn’t think margins would go down, in fact I think they go up year-on-year for DMS in total. 
Mark Mondello: Again, I won’t comment on it, but we don’t feel a whole lot different than we did 90 days ago in terms of the big picture throughout DMS. 
Mark Mondello: Hey, Sean, let me jump in on that. So we talked about that internally. I think our range is like $0.65 to $0.91. If you take a midpoint of $0.78 that’s probably plus or minus 15% something like that. That’s not all that unlike other quarters especially Q1 you add to it some of the dynamics going on throughout DMS as well as, again, some of the conservatism about when our Puerto Rico factory will come online.  And if I could add a little color on that, we have great people down there as I said in my prepared remarks, we had about 400, 450 people impacted by Maria. But I recognize with all due respect to them, we have a business to run. It’s not so much about maybe the income that we had in our plan being overly material to the company.  But it’s a little bit about the cost when the cost layer in, and then also any anticipation of disruption from some of our healthcare customers. So, all that when I shake it all up, led to the guidance range that we provided. But again, if you look back to other 1Qs, it’s not all that different. 
Mark Mondello: I’d also say on a percentage basis, I think last year, we are probably a dime below where we were now. So, in absolute cents or pennies if you will the percentages aren’t all that different.
Mark Mondello: Okay, that was a lot. I’ll take a swing at it and see if Forbes has anything to add. So, the one thing I would agree with you on is, in this environment, taken our results of whatever, 2017 was $2.10, $2.11, extrapolate that out to the $2.60, I think that’s an uptick of 22%, 23%, we feel really, really good about that.  And what I tried to allude to in my prepared remarks is, is it’s not just the uptick in core EPS year-on-year but it’s the makeup of the earnings. I think, one of the things we’ve been talking about for the last three or four years, our structure, our market facing approach, our solutions, the discipline around the business and our diversification, they are working.  And kind of getting, the level down to your question, when I think about areas that are giving us confidence in the $2.60, I talk about energy, kind of automotive and transportation. We’ve got some V2V, so some vertical to virtual opportunities that are in front of us. We’ve got opportunities in semi cap that are strong and then I’ve been banging the drum and Forbes has been banging the drum with Healthcare and Packaging and again I reiterated today in my prepared remarks, we are still looking at those businesses combined from 2016 to 2019 growing at a CAGR of 20% or greater.  And then the two other areas we are spending lot of time on is, is kind of around digital services which – that would kind of layer in towards the back half of the year and more in 2019 and 2020, and then the area of our business in EMS that we think about is connected consumer which is really just kind of anything that connects to the cloud is doing quite well for us. 
Mark Mondello: That’s right. And again, if I compare that to 2017, the biggest part there, Adam is, cash flow from ops as we sit today, I think we are setting up for another strong year for cash flow for ops. The team did a wonderful job of CapEx management in fiscal year 2017.  I think we started the year and through the year Forbes was kind of suggesting a CapEx range of $500 million to $600 million, I think we came in about $540 million. It had nothing to do with us doing anything other than making investments as the business dictated. But we had – probably had $20 million, $30 million of CapEx from 2017 flip over into 2018.  And then the other thing I tried to allude to in my prepared remarks is, I really like spending CapEx dollars if it’s in the right area that and I forget what my words were, but something around kind of more predictable, sustainable, more robust, stable earnings and cash flow streams for 2019 and 2020.  So, I think for FY 2018 our CapEx range will be in the neighborhood of about $700 million for the year and the business certainly can tolerate that based on cash flows along with our capital return framework that Forbes talked about in his prepared remarks where I think it’s highly, highly likely that investors are going to get all billion dollars which was the top end of our commitment on our two year framework in terms of capital return. So, overall the cash flows of the business as we sit today remains very strong.
Mark Mondello: I am not sure I understand completely what you are asking, but let me try to answer at this way. The mobility business for us is still quite important. I think that Forbes and I and Beth and Adam kind of have been talking about the fact that if you go back three years, four years, we made some investments that were a bit premature.  And since then, we’ve been talking about the fact that, we had strong belief we’d be able to leverage those assets for the coming years and that’s exactly what we are doing. So, if I think about our CapEx absolute dollars and I think about our CapEx profile, if I think about in fiscal years 2014, 2015 and part of 2016, and I contrast that to fiscal year 2017 and 2018, it’s distinctly different.
Mark Mondello: Yes, I haven’t quite worked the math on all of that. But, my guess is, you are probably right. So, I would guess the answer to that would be yes, so if your math is correct, by default, I think you are correct. So I would again go back to the statement of, if you think about where we are at with healthcare and packaging in FY 2015 and 2016, and where we think that will be in terms of core earnings for FY 2019, we still sit here today quite confident that that will be a CAGR of 20% plus. 
Mark Mondello: Sure, Sherri. So, good question. Let me just think for three seconds here, how I would answer that. So if I could dissect Q4 which I think you are starting with, back in the June call, I don’t know if I have these numbers exactly correct, but I think in the June call, either Forbes or I said that we expected EMS to deliver about 4.2% for 4Q of 2017.  We ended up delivering 4.8%. When we talked about the 4.2% number, internally we thought we deliver 4.3%, 4.4%, so we brought ourselves 10 to 20 basis point buffer we committed the 4.2%. So if you take, what we thought we do the natural part of the business being 4.3%, 4.4% we delivered 4.8% and that was simply, if you can imagine our EMS business, that Mike and Alex run, they manage 200 customers plus.  So, as we wind out our fiscal year, there is a ton of puts and takes that I would call, maybe a bit unnatural which is end-of-life programs where maybe margins aren’t where we need them to be, cost recoveries and things like that, all of that’s shaken up, it was probably to the tune of about an extra 10 million, 12 million bucks for the quarter.  And there is no much more to the 4.8% versus maybe the thought process of the natural business being 4.3%, 4.4% for 4Q of 2017. As I think about fiscal year 2018 and what I tried to get across in my prepared remarks is, we think that both top-line and bottom-line for EMS off of FY 2017 base will grow in the range of about 3%.  And therefore, if that occurs, the margin structure for the year won’t be that different and I also tried to communicate, although we won’t be able to dial it in quarter-on-quarter-on-quarter, if you think about first half of 2017 EMS profit and EPS, and if you think about second half, the first half to second half for our EMS business will be very similar to FY 2017. So, summarizing that, I think we are giving you a lot of color around the EMS for FY 2018. 
Mark Mondello: Yes, so Jim, the CapEx for next year, we are thinking in the neighborhood of about $700 million. So in fiscal 2018, as we continue to invest in terms of our diversification strategy across the company. With regards to stock comp, yes, you will see that up a little bit. As we move into fiscal Q1, just as we got some incentives coming into play there, so you are thinking about that the right way. 
Mark Mondello: I’d say issues are largely worked through and they are all considered both in our 1Q of 2018 guidance and the fiscal year guidance for 2018. 
Mark Mondello: I think we’ve been talking about diversification across the whole enterprise for four, five years and the benefit to shareholders being that, as an example, when we have a quarter like 4Q of 2017, where there is puts and takes in part of the business, the more diversified we are the better it is for shareholders because we tend to be able to lean on different parts of the business and I think that’s good news.  So, without commenting too discretely about any one portion of the business, I am a big fan for diversification, Mark and we are working hard towards that and I feel good about how things look going forward.
Mark Mondello: Yes, it’s predominantly cost side, Steve, now it’s clearly early to understand the impacts on our healthcare customers. But I think in the guidance that we’ve given certainly for Q1, and overall the guidance in the range for the year contemplates some conservatism there, but it’s clearly very early in Puerto Rico, I don’t think there will be material impact in the top-line, it’s more about cost and how quickly we can recover and get up.
Mark Mondello: Come on, Steve. We are 2.5%, like three, three and a half years ago and the EMS team is doing a great job. So, you know what, we are aligned on the goal, but one year at a time. I mean, the business is performing superbly and I hear you, but let’s think it a year at a time. 
Mark Mondello: I don’t know, I mean, again what we are trying to do is, I think our EMS business in general has a very robust platform. And the stronger we can make that foundation the better it is for our shareholders. So that’s what we are efforting towards and again if you think about our EMS segment, today earnings are spread across 200, 220 customers and again that’s a pretty good catalyst for a strong foundation. 
Mark Mondello: That’s a great question. Unfortunately we just don’t break that out. So, when it comes, again our reporting segments in the way I look at the business is, our EMS segment, our DMS segment and then where we’ve give – there is the last couple quarters including today is we kind of give you good breakdown around the entire EMS segment when it comes to the DMS segment. We kind of bifurcate if you will a little bit on healthcare packaging and JGP but that’s as far as we’ll take it. 
Mark Mondello: It’s – I think if we were to – that line item by line item you find that it’s really, really a nice blend across the entire corporation. Not overly, heavily in EMS, not in DMS, not any one sector. I feel really, really good about the blend and the mix of the CapEx that’s projected for 2018.
Mark Mondello: I am not sure I understand the question. To be sure I kind of give you an answer that you are looking for, maybe you could try that again.
Mark Mondello: Oh, I see, I see, okay. That I understand. So, one of the things we said a year ago at the Investor Day is we felt like a significant portion of our EMS business could grow greater than the growth rate of end-markets they serve. So by nature, that would be share gain.  So I think I would say, and I forget how answered this earlier, but maybe I’ll try to get it correct or the same is, in the EMS segment, we are seeing strength around auto transport and opportunities there, semi cap, energy, what we would kind of consider, kind of connected consumer.  So, I would say that, add to that the kind of the virtual manufacturing opportunities we have that may end up coming to us that maybe historically have been embedded inside of the customers we serve. I’d say the vast majority of the opportunities, especially when you look at our bottom-line growth is maybe 65%, 70% market share and the balance kind of end-market growth on a blended basis.
Mark Mondello: Okay, I don’t think that’s attached and again, I could have this wrong. So let me apologize ahead of time if I don’t get this right. But, I think in the last call, there was a question around how are we achieving maybe the growth rate in Healthcare and Packaging, was it around top-line growth or margin expansion.  And I gave an answer that was something similar to what you just said, which was I said, maybe 65%, 70% was margin expansion and the balance was kind of top-line growth based on opportunities. I don’t think I’ve ever given that type of breakdown in terms of the whole corporation or the $2.60.
Mark Mondello: Yes, I think what I said was is, we’ve all along, we’ve kind of felt like Q1 would be an $0.80 quarter and we just gave guidance to $0.78. So, call it, two pennies on the overall corporate platform.
Sean Hannan: Hi folks, thanks for taking the question here. So, the first thing I want to see if I could bring up, if there is a way perhaps, Forbes, if you can walk through in a little bit more detail the contributors to the wide EPS range, I don’t think we’ve seen it this wide in a long time. I am sure we can make some guesses around that and some of this has been alluded to I think during some of the prepared comments, but can you help us to frame and put this in a little bit more context? Thanks.
Sean Hannan: Okay. And the reason I had asked, it looks like this is a $0.26 range and last year it was about $0.20. But I think the color you provided is understandable and makes sense.
Sean Hannan: Understood. That’s fair. Okay, and then, as you folks look to the bigger picture of fiscal 2018, without getting too much into the focus around mobility, can you talk about or elaborate a little bit more on the magnitude of where business is coming from in other areas that are providing the diversification that you are speaking to Mark for where the business becomes more predictable and being able to get to that type of an earnings number, because it’s clearly a nice movement forward especially given that, we do have some more questions around on that mobility front. So just trying to understand on the other pieces of the equation, really what’s driving that? Thanks.
Forbes Alexander: Hi, Jim, it’s Forbes. Yes, it’s not overly material. I think the key piece that’s material for us there are the capabilities that that brings to us. So, it’s modest in terms of size, both in terms of revenue and cost to us. And that should really been our mantra over the last two or three years. It's continuing to add to the capabilities, listening to our customers, giving us with the opportunity to continue to grow there. So, we are really excited about bringing on the True-Tech folks. It really adds to our capabilities and allows us another growth platform for revenue through 2018 and into 2019 in the semi cap capital equipment space. 
Forbes Alexander: Yes, let me try and give you some color on that Mark. So, we saw a benefit roughly of, overall, about $195 million over a two fiscal year period. And my prepared remarks talked to a $70 million to $90 million benefit in fiscal 2019. So another 12 months before you see the full benefit of that. But in fiscal 2017 we saw about $25 million worth of benefit.  You saw some of that coming through the SG&A line, I think were down over year-over-year overall, on a core basis, if you take out stock-based compensation. So a lot of the heavy lifting on the SG&A has been done in fiscal 2017. You will see an increment in the region of $20 million to $25 million in this fiscal 2018, again depending on the timing of some of these higher cost locations coming out of our network and the majority of that benefit, you’d see really coming through the gross margin line.  In terms of asset utilization, I’d remind you that, now these revenue streams are actually transferring to other facilities in our network. So that’s really the way to think about it. $25 million last year, another $25 million this year and then, what that, that gets me to about another incremental as we move into fiscal 2019.
Forbes Alexander: Yes, no, I think there is still opportunity as we move through by half of 2018 into 2019, see that tax rate go down. What we are seeing is, is a little bit of a shift in terms of the geographies in which in the income is being produced. So, I think certainly from a year ago, I would say, our Indian operations are performing particularly well versus perhaps a year ago which drives a little bit more tax dollars.  But, as I think about the portfolio we have in front of us here and the mix as we move forward, there is certainly opportunities, what we are in 27 or so last year 26 this year, opportunity just getting down towards that 25% range. But we’ll see as we move through the year here and into 2019. So it’s still opportunity.
