Beth Walters: Thank you so much Susan. Welcome to our first quarter of 2015 earnings call. Joining me today are CEO Mark Mondello; and our Chief Financial Officer, Forbes Alexander. This call is being recorded and will be posted for audio playback on the Jabil web site, jabil.com, in the Investors section. Our first quarter press release, slides, and corresponding web cast links are also available on our web site. In these materials, you will find the financial information that we will cover during this call. We ask that you follow our presentation with the slides on the web site, beginning with slide 2, our forward-looking statements. During this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements, including those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business, our currently expected second quarter of fiscal 2015 net revenue and earnings results, the financial performance of the company and our long-term outlook for the company. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions, involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2014, on subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K and our other securities filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Today's call will begin with opening remarks from Mark on the quarter, the fiscal year, and our business outlook. We will then move on to our first quarter fiscal results and guidance on our second fiscal quarter of 2015 from Forbes Alexander. We will then open up the call to questions from attendees. And I will now turn the call over to Mark.
Beth Walters: Great. Thanks Forbes. Before we begin the question-and-answer session, I'd like to remind our call participants that while we want to take questions on our business in customary fashion, we will not address any customer or product specific questions. Thank you for your cooperation on this. Operator, we'd like to begin the question-and-answer session now.
Beth Walters: Great. Thank you very much everyone for joining us on the call today for our fiscal first quarter results. We look forward to following up with you on the quarter, and as the quarter progresses. Thank you very much.
Forbes Alexander: Hey Shawn, thanks. This is Forbes, let me take the first part of the question, and that was the EMS segment being back half. You're correct in your thought process there; it’s a little bit of both of what you articulated. We are seeing some recovery in the industrial and energy marketplace in the back half of the year, versus our first half of this year; and also, we are seeing nice new wins, new product ramps across our enterprise and infrastructure sector. I think Mark also mentioned in his prepared remarks, some growth in automotive and digital home entertainment, these are new programs that are coming into the company, and we will start to ramp as we move into our fiscal third quarter, and start to hit volume in the fourth quarter and then into 2016. So a little bit of better visibility around industrial energy marketplaces and some real nice solid wins coming into the company.
Forbes Alexander: Yeah Amit; so the increase of essentially $300 million, represents footprint and infrastructure. As Mark said, we will be adding square footage, 1.5 million to 2 million square feet in China, in Malaysia and in Indonesia. So that footprint is to support a wide array of business opportunity. For example, a great opportunity in our aerospace and defense business, but we supported those investments, extensive lifestyle and wearables business across an expanding customer base, that we are seeing coming to the company, and that's really a Chinese play also, and some expansion in Malaysia for some wins in our enterprise business. And then, the expansion in Chengdu will support a number of customers there, both in areas such as mobility, lifestyles and wearables. So really quite a broad base of opportunity, that as Mark said, we have been working on now, for 18 months to two years. So very well positioned as we move into 2016; and as I say -- when you put up that amount of square footage, there is a significant leadtime with the scale of these operations that we are putting in place.
Forbes Alexander: No, I am talking about IT infrastructure, leasehold improvements, there is some level of equipment in there, but the lion's share is in the fabric of the building, the infrastructure, water purification plants, etcetera, etcetera.
Forbes Alexander: Great question. I think as we have indicated, the back half of the year, we are expecting somewhere $400 million to $600 million of revenue growth over the first half of the year. [Indiscernible] to your point, that will bring, we believe margin expansion of about 20 to 30 basis points on the first half of the year. Now what that will do for enterprise and infrastructure -- excuse me our EMS segment, it will still mean that the overall year margins are probably up 2.5 points, 2.4%, 2.5%. So you know, as we move into 2016, as we exit the year or produce maybe $3 billion, we are running about that $12 billion pace and we should certainly then start to see targets around about 3%.
Forbes Alexander: So Mark, not talking specific n umbers around specific customers, we have sort of about one 10% customer in the quarter, and that's the way we view things as we look through the fiscal year. But we are very pleased with a number of new customers joining the capability sets within Green Point and lifestyles and wearables, that business. So we are comfortable, as Mark had said earlier in answering the question, the relationship we have across the broad range of our customers and the concentrations we have. And any customer that starts coming up towards a 10% or above, our rule is really to mitigate risk, and we do that a number of ways by continuing to diversify across the various product sectors and end markets that they serve. So that's our main focus, and we are very comfortable with the exposures we have across the customer set.
Forbes Alexander: Yeah absolutely, those plans are going according to schedule if you will, and it will be Western Europe activity underway, so we should start to see that coming in Q3 and Q4.
Forbes Alexander: Okay. So for the GAAP OpEx, let me explain that. If you look in our financial statements, you will see an increase there by $70 million on a year-over-year basis. $40 million to $50 million of that is a result of stock-based compensation. Let me explain that; this quarter last year, we reversed out some $20 million plus of stock based compensation, but this year we recognized I think $60 million. So you got a significant swing there. The balance of the OpEx increase on a year-over-year basis has been as we have expanded our footprint, both in Wushu [ph] Chengdu, and obviously SG&A to support those activities. Also if you recall I think on our last call, we talked about some additional investments there, in terms of capabilities to support future growth. And clearly, we are starting to see that growth come through. So as we move through the balance of the fiscal year, certainly this Q1, we just thought it would be the high point. So we would expect that to come down some $6 million to $8 million in Q2, and then we will start to see the benefits of some of the restructuring activity in the back half of the year, and that should certainly level off there, as we move through the balance of the year.
Mark Mondello: Shawn, to [indiscernible] what Forbes said there, you could think about it, maybe as 60% of the growth coming in our high velocity area and 40% of the growth coming in between enterprise infrastructure and industrial. The enterprise infrastructure market is still tough, but our team is doing a great job, and as I said in our prepared comments, we have been working really hard the last 12 to 18 months to change our value proposition there, and then we are also doing a decent job, well the team is doing a decent job with picking up market share. In regard to the CapEx, I think that we originally had a CapEx range of $350 million to $450 million; a decent amount of that will have an impact in the back half of this year. Most of the incremental CapEx we talked about on today's call, will position the company well for 2016 and 2017.
Mark Mondello: Well right now, I would think that 2016 -- the shape of 2016 would look somewhat similar to the shape this year. So I think this year, we are looking at Q1 as probably our most robust quarter, and I would think 2016, the same at [indiscernible] Shawn.
Mark Mondello: Yeah Brian I cannot -- if I am sitting where you're sitting, I am asking the same question. The $350 million to $450 million we felt aligned well with the midpoint and guidance we gave in September of $1.80, and we felt like there could be upside to that, but at the time we are like, you know what, let's align CapEx and our CapEx guidance to the financial guidance we are giving. As we sit today, we have taken guidance up for the year. We delivered an extra $30 million of income in Q1. We are guiding Q2 up relative to consensus, and one of the things that Forbes and I did, as I said in my prepared comments, that we spent an extensive amount of time, along with Bill Muir, our COO and some other executive management, with our business leaders, and we just got a decent amount of opportunities. And the question becomes, do we put our foot on the brake and turn away some of those opportunities or not. I think the one thing to think about is, is in my prepared remarks, I talked about the fact that the majority of the delta is around footprint and infrastructure. And really, we are thinking about accelerating what we thought would be early FY 2016 CapEx and pulling it into 2015, and that's to get an additional, I don't know 1 million, 1.5 million square feet of infrastructure in place for business that we think looks very good for us. I just don't -- we have been working tirelessly for the last two years on growth opportunities, and we have got a lot of opportunities, and I don't want to turn those away, and the other thing I talked about in my prepared comments was -- we are not going to get all of these correct, but we have got some very disciplined hurdle rates around our weighted average cost of capital, and every one of the opportunities we have approved has anywhere from a six to 15 point spread, 16 point spread over our 10 to 12 points of capital expenditure or expense. So we feel pretty good about it Brain.
Mark Mondello: I guess I'd hit it this way, I wouldn't be doing it if I didn't think it would accelerate it Brian, so that's our objective. We put up four points in the first quarter. We won't do four points for the corporation, for the [indiscernible] most likely, but we are aiming at four points for FY 2016, that's correct.
Mark Mondello: Well that's an interesting question, let me make one statement. Obviously, we have got a great relationship with our largest customer. And our -- being that our relationship is quite strong, that certainly had some level of impact on our first quarter. The nice thing is, is that we also saw some fairly substantial income from other customers in that space, and again, we have been working very hard on diversification as well. So that was a very good positive for management in Q1. As far as my level of comfort with a single customer, its dependent on who a customer is and how diversified we are within that customer. Last year, we had a tough year, and I don't know that I could say that it will never happen again, because the mobility business is pretty volatile, but that was an unusual situation, and as I have said before, we are working hard to diversify within our current customer relationship, as well as diversifying the Green Point business overall.
Mark Mondello: Sure. Its broad, and if I think about the bucket to CapEx, and I think about transformative technologies relative to kind of legacy EMS, I would suggest that -- take the footprint expansion and infrastructure out of the equation altogether. If I go down the list, lifestyles, wearables, absolutely transformative technologies. Polymers, materials, material sciences, embedded optics, embedded cameras, things like that. When I think about the Nypro business, absolutely transformative technologies. Drug delivery systems, pharmaceuticals, things that are completely different than legacy circuitboard manufacturing. When I think about our mobility business, that business is massively engineering intensive, and it has no electronics or essentially no electronics in it at all, so that's composites, materials, machining, etcetera. When I think even about our EMS business today, I think about areas like advanced wireless sensors, photonics, things like that and then when I think about moving into different areas altogether, in my prepared comments I talked about some allocation of funds. I think the $40 million to $60 million for non-traditional end markets, and I would throw that in that category as well.
Mark Mondello: Yeah, my guess would be this, my wish is sales are increasing, and we have decided to make a fairly substantial investment in infrastructure and footprint. So we won't have to do that every year. When it comes to investments in different businesses, I think if you kind of [indiscernible] that, that would be kind of a normalized CapEx, and my hope is, is that you see that from the next two-three years; and as I said in my prepared comments, if we get to a point where, I don't -- I have no interest in top line growth, none. We are trying to be very respectful and disciplined around our growth, all about income, and higher and higher quality of income. And we talk non-stop internally about ROIC and cash flows. If we get to a point where -- I don't want to put so much pressure on the organization that it feels forced. If we continue to see the opportunities we see, we are going to continue to make the investments, because at some point in time, as I said, whether the company is $15 billion, $20 billion, $25 billion or whatever the number might be, there will come a point in time where, maybe with our service offerings and our value proposition, the growth isn't there. And the nice thing about our business is, is there will be an extensive period of time, that we can pull back CapEx substantially, and return a bunch of capital to shareholders. Its just -- as we sit today, I don't think it’s a smart idea to adapt that model right now.
Mark Mondello: Thanks Jim. Let me start with -- we made a decision last year when we had the issue that we had, and we made a decision to keep providing capital in place and a lot of infrastructure in place; and we did that, based on the relationship we have with our largest mobility customer, and that has proven to be a pretty good decision. We reloaded those assets in relatively short order, in combination, and this is a little bit of a digression; but we also disengaged with our second largest customer last year to protect shareholders, and we have been really successful in redeploying the vast majority of those assets in very short order. So as we sit today, I would characterize the quarter as, assets were very well utilized, and demand was much stronger than we expected, and I think demand was stronger than expected because we were fortunate enough to have a team in Green Point, from an engineering perspective and a technology perspective that delivered a great solution to our customers. And as I said earlier, the quarter was driven not only by our largest customer, but a number of other customers as well.
Mark Mondello: I think yields run in cycles based on product cycles Jim. You have to have the appropriate foundation of assets in place, to play in a diverse way across the entire mobility sector. I'd also remind you that, Green Point also has our lifestyles and wearables business, and we are excited about that. So we are making the investments, and its not so much about yield, its about the fact that we want to be sure we have enough infrastructure in place to capture the revenue streams that we think we can capture.
Mark Mondello: Good question. So let me break that up a little bit. I think that, as we look at our EMS business first half to second half, I think that we -- the first half, margins will be in the 2.3% range is what I would guess. And as I think about -- frame out the second half for you, I think we probably pick up 20 to 30 basis points of margin, would be my guess. And the obvious question is Mark, why wouldn't you get better leverage and why wouldn't we see margins start bumping up against three points. I think the biggest reason is, is, we are being very disciplined around ROIC, not to suggest we are not paying attention to margins, but I really want to grow cash flow dollars over the next two, three years, as long as we have real ROIC returns with an appropriate gap between the real returns and our cost of capital. The organic business growth is the best growth we can have in the business, because it’s the least expensive. It doesn't come with a lot of complications that acquisitions do, and not to say we won't do acquisitions, because I think we will, but you're kind of on point with most of the growth for the back half of the year will be in high velocity, and again I think Forbes talked about it and I talked about it in my prepared statement, it will be around automotive, digital home, digital entertainment, and our high velocity margins historically have been in the 2% to 3% range, but because of the way we run that business and we manage working capital and asset utilization, that business ends up with real ROIC, north of 20%, and we also end up in that business, with terms and conditions that end up being very favorable to us. So I think again, as I think about this year, I'd manage the back half of the EMS business maybe 20 basis points higher than the first half, and then as we move to fiscal 2016, one of the things I talked about in September was, we came off a tough year last year. We talked about this year being a year where we optimized the business. My gut feel is, is that we have the business, I don't know, 70% or 80% optimized this year, and we will complete the optimization, not to say we ever get fully optimized, but as far as costs and overhead absorption, I think we will see the full benefit of that in 2016.
Mark Mondello: Yeah, we are seeing all that business kind of being GDP-like, but as we have talked about before, there is a lot of technology shifts there, and certainly around cloud computing -- and one of the things that's really interesting to us, is as social media continues to increase, as digital entertainment on-demand increases, there is a definite need and more and more of a want around additional global bandwidth, and that's an area that we are pretty excited about, and we think we will benefit from.
Mark Mondello: Hey Sherri; yeah I think we have a lot of capabilities, and we are seeing some good program wins around those capabilities. We have also kind of at a strategic level across all of our DMS and EMS kind of collated, what we believe are areas that we need to continue to refine and advance, and then Bill Muir, is kind of our air traffic control on that, working with our business leads, and we will continue to grow some of that organically, and if we don't believe, we can grow some of those capabilities organically, we will do some fairly modest M&A deals to acquire the capability we need to acquire.
