Adam Berry: Good morning and welcome to Jabil's third quarter of fiscal 2021 earnings call. Joining me on today's call are Chief Executive Officer, Mark Mondello; and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Dastoor. Please note that today's call is being webcast live, and during our prepared remarks, we will be referencing slides. To follow along with slides, please visit jabil.com with our - within our Investor Relations section. At the conclusion of today's call, the entire call will be posted for audio playback on our website. Before handing the call over to Mark, I'd now ask that you follow our earnings presentation with slides on the website, beginning with our forward-looking statement. During this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements including, among other things, those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business such as our currently expected third quarter and fiscal year net revenue and earnings. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2020 and other filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. With that, it's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mark.
Adam Berry: Thanks Mike. As we begin the Q&A session, I'd like to remind our call participants, that per our customer agreements, we will not address any customer or product specific questions. We appreciate your understanding. Operator, we are now ready for Q&A.
Adam Berry: Thank you for joining our call today, everyone. If you have any follow-ups, please reach out to me. Thank you. This concludes our call.
Mark Mondello: So Ruplu, if I could take the liberty of maybe answering the question directly, but maybe slightly indirectly, right? We - I think one of the interesting things about the way we've shaped the company the last four or five years is, is we have a portfolio where we balance constantly, and the balancing really is about the team. It's led by the likes of Mike Loparco, Steve Borges to Kenny Wilson, the guys running the segments. And then our operational team, our supply chain team, day in and day out, we're balancing between cash flows and margins, and they're not mutually exclusive. So one of the things I said something in my prepared remarks around FY '22, you know, our objective internally and we decided to share it on the call is in terms of margin accretion, we think we'll get margin accretion year-on-year. And then in terms of core EPS off of the $5.50 that we talked about today for '21, our goal is to try to get EPS next year with a six handle on it, which is the double-digit growth. And then as importantly is the cash flows, which we think next year we can get a seven handle on the cash flows. Where does all that come from? I think it comes from things that we continually talk about internally, and we've talked about on the call. It comes with our approach, the solutions we're taking to the marketplace, and then again, Ruplu, the portfolio overall. If we look at our DMS business, very round numbers, right. Our DMS business in fiscal '20, you know, $13 billion, in '22, it will be substantially higher. If we look at our EMS business, $13.5 billion, $14 billion, I don't think the top line will grow as much as DMS. But I think in terms of what that team has done reshaping the business, they've been very, very selective and intentional in terms of where we're making investments. So I would say, it's approach. I would say, it's portfolio. And I don't think we need, you know, we don't need substantial tailwinds to deliver '22. Now if the macro goes sideways on all of us, all bets are off. But I don't think we would have - Mike and I had a long talk the last couple of days, and we just felt it was appropriate to give, again, a little bit of color on kind of where we're up to internally in terms of '22. Quite frankly, when I get together with my direct reports at this point in the year, we spend very little time talking about 4Q. We've got a wonderful team of folks that will, we hope, touchwood, will deliver the year. We're spending all of our efforts on '22. So again, I don't know if that answers your question, but we'll provide a lot more color on that on the September 29th meeting.
Mark Mondello: Yeah, I'd say we like it all. We continue to make investments in capabilities. If I take that in reverse order, we've had a couple of press releases come out, and we're not big on press releases in terms of - I think companies get over press released. So, we try to be very selective. But on the packaging side, a lot of focus on integration in terms of smart packaging and then a lot of efforts in terms of the environment, what we call eco-friendly packaging, and we're bullish on that. And in terms of health care, we've been banging on the drum on health care for three or four years. And again, I would just say health care overall, whether it'd be on the pharma side, med device, diagnostics, et cetera, is performing above plan. And we've got a pretty interesting path forward for FY '22, Ruplu.
Mark Mondello: I like your term re-imagining. I'll come back to that in a minute. For the quarter, it was just - I forget the words I used in my prepared remarks, but it was modest top line strength, it cut across I think the upside for Q3 was just under $300 million versus guide. If I had to think through the areas where we saw that, this is an overused term, an overly generic term. But when it's the truth, it was really across lots of our different sectors. If I had to pick a couple, network and storage was stronger than we expected, connected device, I think, was a bit stronger than we expected, cloud, a bit in mobility, but it was a broad scatter [gram] (ph). And in terms of the 30 bps upside on margin, again, I just think it's an indication how we're running the business. We got a little bit of a leverage on the $300 million, and then it was really good execution by the team. And touchwood, I think the good execution continues. In terms of the re-imagining, I don't know if I said that or Mike said that, but I think it's an interesting way to think about it. It's - I think we start with Steve, I think it's huge around obsession around our customers. And it's about starting every conversation about what's best for the customers is not necessarily what's best for Jabil, but then we've got to do a lot of processing to be sure that what's best for the customer aligns with our path forward for the next couple of years. Again, if you think about - you've been connected with us a long time. We've been on this three, four year path of really good intentional growth with a long-term eye on margins and cash flows, because the margins and cash flows going forward are going to give us a decent amount of optionality, a decent amount of levers to turn for shareholders. The team has done a nice job. If you look at where our revenue was back in '17, and you look at where it's going in '22, I think the top line of the company has grown or will grow like close to 50%. And it's not growth for the sake of growth, because what's coming along with that is, again, potentially in '22, a seven handle on cash flows and a six handle on core EPS. Again, those are goals, those are objectives, but that's where we're spending all of our time. In terms of the re-imagining part, looping back to that, Steve, we ask ourselves all the time. Are we or are we not providing great value for every single customer in every single subset of customers? And if we're not providing the best value and they can go find that value at a different price somewhere else, we kind of encourage that, because I think when we're doing our job, when we're providing good value, everything kind of works, the tension in the system comes out, so we've been spending a lot of time on that. And then, I think, somewhere in your question, I think, for the quarters, but maybe I'd talk about it, Steve, for Q3 and Q4, we're still seeing some supply chain headwinds. But as I said in the March call, and I said on - I was doing something with Paul [ph] with JPMorgan, we just have the best supply chain team. And I don't say those things often, although I love our team. I just think we've got - I think we have the best supply chain team in the industry. Our approach to demand planning, and the analytics we use, the fact that our supply chain team is tightly linked to their commercial folks and then the trust and long-term relationships we have with suppliers, and that spans across things, whether it's semis, PCBs, interconnects, passives. And then, we - I think, we've done a very good job in terms of bulk purchases, locking in pricing on raw commodities. So, yes, there is headwinds. I think I said in the March call, Steve, that we thought the supply chain headwinds would probably be with us through the early part of '22, as we sit today, I think that's true for about half of the challenges, and the other half of the challenges may actually creep into the summer of '22. But I think a large catalyst to that is going to be, does demand hold or not across all the different end markets.
Mark Mondello: Yeah. I'm pausing, because I'm thinking. I think it's a great question. I think - I don't want to be dismissive of your question at all. I think that you can hold us accountable to offer some of those details in September. But I don't want to duck the question altogether. I think what inning are we in? I don't separate the - or bifurcate the journey. I think it's all - I think it's a holistic journey. So I look at it and say, you know, this strategy, this whole path started in around fiscal '16, something like that. Where we're at today and heading into fiscal '22, I don't know. To use an American phrase, I guess, maybe seventh inning, something like that. But I wouldn't want to take that it's over. Like, if we do our job right with the margins - by the way, we're still going to press on growth. I think sheer numbers and math on that, Adam, is I said on the JPMorgan thing, I said I can envision us being a $40 billion company at some point. So that would suggest continued growth. But with the sheer math, I think the top line growth starts to attenuate a little bit, although still grow. If we can control our overhead costs, continue to get leverage on the factory network, scale matters for sure, we continue to be really selective in the customers we serve. And I go back to something I said in Steve's comment, every single dollar of revenue we bring in, if we stress test that around, are we or are we not providing great value for the customer? Again, it takes some of the friction out in the relationships. I don't know. I would think that in '22, we'll see margins greater than '21, and I would think in '23 we'll see margins greater than '22. And the one thing about our business is, especially if top line growth, let's say, hypothetically, and this is a complete hypothetical. But let's just say top line growth for the next five years normalizes at 4%, 5%, 6%. And I don't know what that's going to be. I think '22 will be greater than that. But let's just say longer term, you know, this machine now, with this portfolio, the cash flows look awfully good in the modeling that store and I sit around and play with. So, I don't know where we're at. But it's been a lot of hard work and pretty excited about the next couple of years, Adam.
Mark Mondello: So it sounds like there is two questions there, Jim, and thanks for the kind comments. Seasonality and consignment. For sure us transitioning to consignment in some of our business distorts the seasonality because it has an impact on top line, which is just fine, by the way, because our – again, our focus is on bottom line margin and cash flow. In terms of seasonality, externally, so if I try to net out the impact of consignment, I think that as long as the portfolio exists the way it exists today, so things like automotive and transport and health care and packaging and mobility and connected devices and then the digital print, retail, industrial, semi-cap, wireless, et cetera, network storage, I would say that as the company grows depending on where that growth comes from, and again, I think we're doing - I think the team is doing an exceptional job of what they're saying yes to and what they're saying no to. I would guess as we go from, say, a $30 billion company to maybe a $34 billion, $36 billion company, what you think of as historical seasonality going back to say, the shape of the year in fiscal '17 or '18, that probably flattens a bit. So I think the seasonality, I think there will be some of that there. But if you went from peak to trough, it probably narrows. I think that's happening a bit this year. So - but with that said, I think this fiscal year, if you take the mid point of our guide we just presented for Q4, I think the op income we just provided mid point was 3.10 [ph] Q1 was around 3.65 [ph] Q2, 2.85 [ph] So Q3 was a soft quarter. And I think that aligns a little bit with historical, although going forward, again, I think the shape of the year really starts to flatten, and quarter-to-quarter, I think demand narrows.
Mark Mondello: I don't know that there's pull-through for – so by the way, thanks for the question, Shannon. I don't know that there's pull-through for '22. I think hyperscalers, I think cloud and I think 5G wireless, I think all of that has good runway. So, I'm not overly concerned about demand evaporating as long as, again, we go back to - we're providing a great service with great quality to the customers. I see the - although they're different, they're the same, I see both the cloud markets as part of now a robust ecosystem that the world is heavily relying [ph] on. And I see 5G much the same, although a bit different. So, if we were to take a look at - and don't hold me to these numbers, Shannon, but 5G wireless cloud for us as we exited last year was a little over $5 billion. And I think as we go into '22, you know, we'll see a reasonable uptick to that. Again, I just think it's a great fit to our portfolio. I think the solutions and the technologies that we're providing, both on the design side and the process side and the configuration and distribution side, they just fit that marketplace today. So, that's my thinking on the 5G cloud wireless stuff.
Mark Mondello: I want to make a comment that I'm not sure is linked to your question, so bear with me. And I just think that maybe a bit unrelated to COVID, but maybe related to COVID, I'm really not sure. But I do believe I'm sure in my next comment, which is when you get to be our scale, and you think about the OpEx we spend in IT, and I think about the OpEx we spend in terms of automation and data analytics and artificial intelligence and machine-learning and all the things that are going off every day in our ecosystem. I think we, for sure, have the most efficient IT system of any manufacturing services provider out there because I don't think anybody else has the holistic connection that we have of their IT systems factory-to-factory and then linked in with supply chain and ops, by the way, huge, huge advantage. But I think about the expertise, I think about the experience, I think about our lessons learned, mistakes we've made. And then I think about the global reach or people and everything else, I think because of that, there is just less and less people in the world that want to take on the task of building stuff. Customers still want it for sure, and they're expert in this, by the way. Our customers are expert in branding, marketing, and they're expert in product design. But there's just less interest. The capital intensity of the business, sometimes people look and go, geez, you guys run a business at 4% to 5% operating margin with huge barrier to entry. I think in some weird way, I think building stuff is a secular trend at scale because again, the barrier to entry is way, way high. And it's just really, really hard, but it's what we do, and we do it well. So I think that's a general comment. I'm not sure it has much to do with COVID, although maybe COVID has slowed people down a little bit to think and figure out are they doing the right things for their businesses strategically versus tactically. So maybe there's a little bit of a catalyst there, Shannon. In terms of on-shoring, off-shoring, China, yes, China no, Asia yes, Latin America yes, Mexico, US, Northern Europe, Western Europe, Southern Europe, et cetera. I still end up being a big believer that the capital markets are always, over the long term, going to decide where stuff gets built, where the supply chains get designed. And again, there's pockets of friction, whether it be geopolitical or whatever. But however which way that goes, I'll come back to boy, does scale matter. And when you take a hard look at our footprint, our expertise and where that exists around the globe, I think we're in really, really good shape, regardless to how that plays out.
Mark Mondello: Well, I think you answered part of your question, Mark. By the way, thanks for the nice comment at the opening. I think Steve and his team, they're the experts. But if we just step back, the reason we're bullish in that area is a lot of what you alluded to. It's a long-term industry that has historically been heavily around kind of pharma, big eye on diagnostics, med device. And in some ways, there's been such amazing focus on the patient that maybe there's been a little bit of a fall behind in some of the technology, whether that be connecting to 5G or whatever it might be, Mark. As we look at it the next couple of years, I think one thing COVID did is it reshaped activity at hospitals around the world. Elective surgeries were kind of put on the shelf. I think as vaccines take hold, there's a pent-up demand for elective surgeries. So, I think that will be goodness for that whole industry for a period of time. And then maybe at a more strategic long-term deal, for sure, personalized medicine, telehealth, prevention in terms of physiological, biological makeup, DNA chains and then monitoring, you know, aging population and on-body monitoring, you know, that started years ago. But the output from the monitoring was poor, unreliable. I think that's gotten substantially better. We're playing in the middle of that, not just with health care customers, but others that want to make a real difference in that space. So I think those are some of the catalysts why we've got a pretty bullish outlook on health care. And then I think the other part that's beneficial for Jabil is, I think the trajectory where Steve Borges and our team are taking health care, whether it be on med, pharma, diagnostics, on-body, off-body, personalized health, they're able to look around the company and say, wow, and I ironically said some of this in my prepared remarks. Steve and his team can weave together lots of interesting capabilities, whether he borrow some capabilities for Mike Loparco's group or Kenny Wilson's group, both on tooling, both on mechanics, both on how to connect to 5G wireless, industrial design, et cetera. So A, we like where the market is going, and B, I think as the term I used in my prepared remarks, I think our library of collective capabilities is going to serve us well as we take solutions to the marketplace.
Mark Mondello: Yeah. We - I don't know, take these as very round numbers. We haircut our Q3 outlook, you know, unconstrained in Q3, just rough numbers was probably $7.1 billion. We cut it to a mid point of 6.9 because of concerns around supply chain components, silicon, passes the whole deal. And we ended up delivering 7.2, which I think is just stellar recognition the job our team has done managing the supply chain. By the way, again, day in, day out, not without challenges. So the challenges are real, and I mentioned it earlier on the call. We – unconstrained, would 4Q be a little bit higher? Probably. Have we haircut it a little bit? Yes. But we got a lot of confidence in our supply chain folks, and we'll see what happens. So I don't want to make a kind of peanut butter vanilla statement on supply chain because truthfully, Mark, there's so many variables that go into it, everything from which end market, what's the construct of the technology, which part of the supply chain are people leveraging, what kind of relationships are there, how quickly and how agile are the design teams to maybe alter some designs, et cetera, et cetera. So it's everything across the board that we're dealing with. The one nice thing about Jabil is because we build a little bit of everything, and we have so many good relationships both on the customer side and the supply side, we have a very good vantage point, we believe, in being able to triangulate what's really going on. And again, I think that allows us to help our customers and again, gives us a bit of a competitive advantage. But as I said before, I don't think we come out of this choppiness of supply chain until the spring or summer of '22. What you can be rest assured is, is as we did on this call for 4Q and as we'll do for September, we'll take all that into consideration and try to handicap that appropriately before we give any forward looking numbers.
Mark Mondello: Okay. I guess, my first answer will be pretty short, which is a great question. It's just the insource to outsource, it's all over the map. It's not - as we sit today, I mean, there are certain industries that are fully outsourced, and we're all aware of what those are. I really do believe, though, that in boardrooms, talking to my counterparts at lots of our customers, again, there's just - there's not a lot of interest in people wanting to build their own stuff because it is capital intensive, it is hard. If you don't have the OpEx and the reinvestments, constantly, you fall behind. And - but I don't - I wouldn't point to any specific end market or sector at this point in time. It's kind of all over the map. And in terms of is it margin rich or not margin rich, that's all speculative on a relative basis. I can tell you for Jabil, again, we'll deliver, again, on a relative basis fairly modest margins, but very good margins for us. At - looking to deliver this year at 4.2%, we're looking to accrete margins and have them be higher in fiscal '22. But in combination with that, Paul, is the importance of the cash flows as well. So I'll say something, like I said earlier, we are spending a lot of time with the very first question being, if we're going to add a single dollar of revenue to our top line, are we or are we not providing great value to that customer? And if we can get by that yes or no question, then it becomes, can we make it work for Jabil, either on the cash flow side or the margin side. And then we try to keep that well balanced going forward. And I would suggest that even though FY '20 was a COVID year, team did a nice job navigating COVID in '20, and I think the team is doing a nice job this year. And if we continue to work hard and do what we think we can do, I think it's setting up for a nice FY ‘'22.
Mark Mondello: Yeah. Okay. I didn't - you broke up a bit. I want to be sure we're talking about the same bill. It's too early to tell. We have great relationships around the D.C. area in terms of understanding it. It's just too early to tell. So TBB I can tell you that I think we'll benefit from that indirectly, whether we were to - there's nothing in our forward looking numbers that anticipates us participating in that directly, but we'll see. But again, we're staying well-informed on that because it has the potential to be an important bill for us.
Mark Mondello: So your observation on the math is correct. And I know this isn't very satisfying, but it is really kind of across the board. I'd like to be able to point to something, but let's just say on a collective basis, Matt, I think it's a combination of change in technologies, as an example, a higher percentage of vehicles moving more towards electric content, electrification or EV altogether. That's just a broad example. So it's technology. I think it's human behavior in terms of - we just - when Delaney was asking earlier around health care, we talked about personalized medicine, connected health, on-body monitoring. But that doesn't mean that market's getting bigger. It means that the activities in the market are shifting, and some of those activities work well in our favor. So I think it's a technology shift. I think it's lifestyle shift. For sure, some of it's market share gains. And then for sure, some of it is just kind of continued global GDP growth and things like that. So it's a combination of all of the above. And I don't really have a specific sector in DMS I'd point to.
