Mark T. Mondello: Sure. Yes, I don't think it's backtracking on anything recently. As I mentioned in the prepared comments, the last time we've, again, really taken a hard formal look at our structural cost and our foundation was 6, 7 years ago. And since then, we've evolved the company, added a lot of manufacturing square footage. I feel good about the footprint we have, the foundation we have. I just think it's really prudent. I don't want to be having one-off charges and doing this every 2 years, every 3 years. But every so often, having the appropriate hygiene to go in and optimize our structural cost, make a lot of sense. So as I said, strategically, I think this is a good thing for us to be doing. We've got good line of sight of '14 and early parts of FY '15. And again, none of this has to do with anything that we've done in the last 2, 3 years as far as expanding footprint.
Mark T. Mondello: Well, I think that is a full year outlook. The illustrations for FY '14, right? So I think if you make some assumptions around what you think the packaging and health care revenues are going to be and you look at center point of our guidance there or illustration, it's around $0.19. And I think that's a fair -- I think it's a fair range. I'd focus you on the $0.16 to $0.22. And when you think about, we haven't even closed the deal yet, although we've got all approvals. We're excited about getting the deal close July 1. And then upon close, we'll immediately start doing some of the things that need to be done and prepping it for growth synergies. But we've got a lot of work to do with the team and positioning the companies for '14, '15 and beyond.
Mark T. Mondello: I think it's -- I think that as we sit today, it's our best estimate of where we think the business is going to be and how it's going to perform for fiscal year '14. So answering that more directly, I suggest it's not just how the business is sitting today. If you remember, we're taking all of our health care business, combining it with Nypro's health care business and then having the packaging business. So it's our best estimate today of giving an illustration on how we think that business will perform.
Mark T. Mondello: Amitabh, this is Mark. Just one thing to add to Forbes' comment. I was a little bit disappointed in the 2.3% margin for E&I in Q3. I thought it would've been closer to being flat quarter-on-quarter, Q2 to Q3. But our leadership team there has been pretty aggressive because they understand that we want that business to 3 points of margin as we exit the fiscal year and that's what we've been talking about for the last couple of quarters. And so lots of moving pieces, moving people around, moving teams around. And we're off by a few million dollars there, but I just endorsed that we still feel that exiting the fiscal year we'll be at 3 points and going into FY '14 for E&I.
Mark T. Mondello: Well, we do a lot more of what we did in Q2 and not so much of what we did in Q3. It's just -- it's a big business. It's a $5.5 billion, $6 billion business and I'm not going to get into all those details because it wouldn't be appropriate. But we feel pretty comfortable about getting that towards 3 points, if not at 3 points as we exit the fiscal year.
Mark T. Mondello: I guess the only comment we have there is we talked last call about -- I think we had a dozen plus different program ramps and program transitions across the company. And as you guys remind us constantly, we spent or are going to spend $600 million, $700 million in CapEx and we believe we'll utilize that as we move into '14. So I just can't get into any comments around any specific sectors or customers on that.
Mark T. Mondello: I think the other area for us, too, which is -- which continues to show some softening is in defense and aerospace as well.
Mark T. Mondello: Yes, I think the best guidance at this point is, is we feel comfortable with DMS margins being in the range that we've outlined, 5.5% to 7% for fiscal year '14. And again, we do need to have a little bit of recovery on -- Instrumentation has been bad for us. Industrial in the early part of this year was very, very soft. We've seen pockets of Industrial start to stabilize. The housing markets helped there. Clean Tech has been very difficult for us, especially in the metering side. Our visibility is, is that the subsidizations and whatnot around metering may start to come back for mid to late fiscal year '14. So it's a little bit of a wildcard. And we've got a lot of interesting activities going on in our defense and aerospace business. And then you have our Specialized Services group. And again, as we've talked about, a portion of our CapEx for this year has went towards Specialized Services and we should see some returns from those assets in '14 as well.
Mark T. Mondello: So Jim, the -- I think the $1.2 billion for fiscal year '14 might be a little bit aggressive. We -- if you think about the business and the slide we showed, the Nypro slide, about 50% of that business is health care, 25% is consumer and 25% is packaging. We're going to roll the consumer business, as I talked about in my prepared remarks, into and fly that under the Jabil flag. And that team will work hand-in-hand with our DMS group as well as some of our High Velocity leadership. So when I think about Nypro for '14, we're really talking about packaging and health care. And that's probably a $750 million, $800 million business, something like that. And we're pretty excited of that platform and where we can take that in fiscal year '15 and beyond.
Mark T. Mondello: Well, we certainly hope so. I think that there's nice synergies on the growth side for combining what Nypro does and what Jabil historically has done and what we are doing and time will tell. But we feel pretty good about being able to get after some of that market share, Jim.
Mark T. Mondello: I think it's fair -- I think it'd be fair to -- as we get through '14, it would be fair to model the Nypro up margins in the range of DMS, so the 5.5% to 7%.
Mark T. Mondello: Well, I think time will tell. We certainly are keeping our fingers crossed that in the macro conditions that we're seeing, that's putting pressure on a bunch of the other broad parts of our business that we start to see some relief there. So my hope is it's some contributions across the board.
Mark T. Mondello: Yes, Wamsi, I don't think it was execution nor do I think it was pricing. That part of our business has been under intense pricing for 15 years and, certainly, it goes in cycles but the pricing pressure is never off. I think -- and I don't think it was an execution issue. So if I communicated that, that's my mistake. What I was trying to communicate is, is our leadership team are making some very aggressive structural changes, changes to the teams, moving businesses around to different sites. And again, if you think about this being a $5.5 billion, $6 billion business, I think they overshot their budget by $4 million, $5 million in the quarter. And I expected Q3 to be close to being flat to Q2. So I think we were down about 40 basis points Q2 to Q3. But it wasn't as if we had a unintentional execution issue. I think what they did was intentional but overshot their budget. And they did that in continuing to drive that business to an appropriate foundation to generate the margins we need to going forward.
Forbes I. J. Alexander: If -- in my prepared remarks, we've included Nypro revenues in the DMS segment. And in my remarks, I noted that it would be very minimal contribution from that given 2 months in the quarter. So if you make assumptions around that Nypro revenue, back that out, margins should be relatively consistent. We're going to see expansion in the Enterprise & Infrastructure. And if we look at High Velocity, that margin there fluctuates within our typical range of 2.5 to 3.5 points, so towards the high end this past quarter. My sense is as we move into the fourth fiscal quarter, it's probably going to be near that midpoint. And that's really based on the mix of business that we have in there. We're serving multiple industries in there from point-of-sale to printing, handset, set-top boxes. So I'd expect that to come back a little bit more towards the center point, expansion in E&I and relatively consistent margins in the Diversified Manufacturing Services, x the Nypro piece.
Forbes I. J. Alexander: Yes, you know what, the Nypro one is a little bit tougher at this juncture. We'll have better clarity for you certainly on our September call, be a little bit more granular. But I would wait a little bit more towards the back half of the year, obviously, once we got an opportunity to combine, as Mark said, our health care business and the Nypro business. With regards to the restructuring, I think that's more likely based on our current estimates of timing of discussions, again, towards Q3 and Q4. There's a bit of heavy lifting to be done there. We're well positioned to do that. And we expect the majority of the cash flow associated with that to occur late Q2, I'd say. So yes, I would say probably Q3, Q4, before we see the full benefit of that restructuring activity.
Forbes I. J. Alexander: Matt, it's essentially sequentially flat. It's maybe $20 million or $30 million. And again, the range of business is about $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion a quarter. That's not something that we're overly obsessed about. Our relationships there are strong. We were seeing great growth in fiscal '13 over '12 as a result of some really nice wins in the midyear of fiscal '12 in terms of the wireless area and networking relation -- excuse me, and storage relationships. So overall, it's relatively consistent as we move through the summer months here, which is pretty typical of what we see for our customer base.
Forbes I. J. Alexander: Yes, it's -- our current estimates are somewhere between a 1 50, 1 75 type number, somewhere around there.
Forbes I. J. Alexander: It's pretty much the same story that we've seen really since late '12, Amit. And that's centered around areas of Instrumentation and Clean Tech. As we came into this calendar year, we saw pushouts in terms of metering there, which is pretty significant. And that's really been the impact on a year-over-year basis. Overall, our Specialized Services business is in good shape. And we're seeing some continued healthy growth there on a year-over-year basis.
Forbes I. J. Alexander: Yes, I'll take that. Absolutely. You're right. The timing of this -- in my prepared remarks, I talked about $65 million in 2015. And that's ultimately where we see that type of return, a 2- to 3-year return on this restructuring plan. In fiscal '14, that range we provided, yes, it's midpoint of that range is $35 million, as you stated. And it's really to do with the timing of when we can, essentially, start closing sites or releasing employees and transferring business. So our best estimates at this stage is that, that would occur most likely sometime late in our second fiscal quarter, which is obviously February 15, just given the consultation periods we have in front of us and discussions that have commenced. So if by any way we can pull that forward, then we'd expect savings to increase in fiscal '14. But certainly based on where we are, I would suggest the $35 million being appropriate, certainly $65 million in '15. And obviously, we'll update you on a quarterly basis as we move through this process.
Forbes I. J. Alexander: Yes, absolutely. So you're correct, model Enterprise & Infrastructure at 3 percentage points. High Velocity, I think that might be the part you're missing, Brian. I talk to that being more to the midpoint of our overall range of guidance there, so right about at 3 percentage points based on the mix of business that we anticipate in the fourth fiscal quarter. And then based on that midpoint guidance of 1 75, you would see the DMS margins x Nypro to be relatively consistent with what we've just printed.
Forbes I. J. Alexander: In terms of 10% customers, we'll get full color at the end of the year. But certainly, we've had one 10% customer throughout the year. We expect that to be the case as we exit the year. I don't envisage that changing with the consolidation of Nypro into Jabil. We'll see how that plays out in future years, but certainly not for fiscal '14.
Forbes I. J. Alexander: It's Forbes. Let me address the COGS versus SG&A on restructuring. At this juncture, I would suggest the majority would be within the cost of goods sold line. Based on current estimates, maybe somewhere between $15 million to $25 million in SG&A. But on the longer term, the majority went to cost of goods sold line. With regards to the Nypro EBIT margins, at this stage, we'll not be providing any more color on that. But certainly, this is a very attractive transaction for us and, certainly, view it as long-term accretive to our earnings.
