Forbes Alexander: Yes, I'll take the first part of the question, in terms of the overall margins for the High Velocity. Actually, we got it done 13% sequentially. So yes, we will see some impact to the margin for that segment, and our targeted range is 2% to 2.5% this quarter, somewhere in the midpoint of that target. So yes, it's going to be towards the lower end, perhaps a little bit below the lower end there, because I should point out, we are seeing some great strengths in our Diversified Manufacturing Services arena of 7% sequential growth, and some nice growth in Enterprise & Infrastructure. So you'll see expansion in terms of contribution of margin of those for Diversified Manufacturing Services, Enterprise & Infrastructure and some declines in High Velocity. But certainly, I'd expect those margins to come back as we move into Q1.
Forbes Alexander: Sure, in terms of the first part of your question, I want to be clear that in terms of the share repurchase, this is not a signal that we're not actively looking or interested in terms of acquisition, where it makes sense, particularly in the Diversified Manufacturing Services area. And so, that's all intact and part of our overall operating model. We saw a second sequential of some significant cash flow from operations this quarter, free cash flows are being generated year-to-date after capital expenditures and the dividends payment of $45 million, somewhere in the region of $200 million of free cash flow had generated through the 9 months today. As we move into the fourth fiscal quarter, given our sequentially consistent revenue stream at the midpoint of our guidance, we will continue to see some significant free cash flow generation in the fourth fiscal quarter. So as the management team and as our Board, we saw it's appropriate to look at it in a more holistic way capital structure here, and I saw an opportunity to put forward a modest share repurchase and help minimize some of the dilution in terms of the share count as we move forward here. But as we look into fiscal '12, we continue to see significant cash flow generation and allow us to fund internally our growth, be that organically or with some modest investments and acquisitions.
Forbes Alexander: Yes, I beg to differ with you on that, Wamsi, because part of the headwind in getting Diversified Manufacturing Services to a higher percentage of overall business in fiscal '11 in the other areas would increase fast, too. Enterprise & Infrastructure will be up 18% for the year. High Velocity will be up 10% for the year, and if they moderate to the long-term growth targets of 5% to 10% and we continue to deliver 20% to 30% growth in Diversified Manufacturing Services, we should end up right about where we sat in the analyst meeting in the first week of May, that by 2013, our Diversified Manufacturing Services would end up at around 45% of our business. And so, I look at it, I think we're on track. We just had a little stronger growth in High Velocity and Enterprise & Infrastructure this year. We'll take that when it comes up, and there's opportunity for us to grow the business. You asked about, particularly, business areas. We're very excited about all 3. I hate to be such a so-nondescript in terms of what areas are stronger than others, but we have great things going on in healthcare. And if you look at the Healthcare & Instrumentation, there's a very significant resumption in growth in that area in the third fiscal quarter. We are investing significantly in that area, both from an SG&A, product development and new program ramp standpoint. Forbes indicated that a little bit. So over the next few years, we're very excited about that business area. That's a tougher area to grow. It takes more investments, more infrastructure, more focus. The individual program wins are tend to be a little bit smaller from a revenue standpoint, and they take a longer time to get into the revenue stream. I think that's consistent with probably the narrative that you heard from some of the other players that have a significant Healthcare business though. So we're very excited about it. It grew 31%. They're expected to grow 31% based on the midpoint of Q4 guidance in 2011 and continue to be excited about 2012 and 2013. Industrial & Healthcare, good growth in 2011 and I expect to get, at least, consistent growth in 2012, 2013. And then Specialized Services, I think it's been such a huge year of growth in Materials Technology Group. I wouldn't expect to double the size of that group again in 2012 and again in 2013, but I expect it to continue to see growth there and we're looking to create opportunities for additional growth in the Aftermarket Services. We think we have a great solution there. We've grown that business strictly organically, and we may turn our attention to ways to accelerate the growth there. So we expect all 3 business areas to contribute, and we feel like we're right on track to have Diversified Manufacturing Services end up at 45% to 50% of our business by the time we get into 2013 timeframe.
Forbes Alexander: Yes, as I said in my prepared remarks, from earlier resources associated with ongoing ramps in diversified manufacturing. Tim just mentioned, punching another question, basically, resources in our healthcare. So I would certainly expect that to move into the first fiscal quarter of '12. So let's get through the next 7-year old belief here of the balance for this quarter, and we'd expect to see effectively returns coming from that in the first fiscal quarter, in the November quarter of this calendar year. So very, very quickly, so a little bit ahead of ourselves here, but well-positioned and good growth coming in that first fiscal quarter.
Forbes Alexander: Right, I think it was up 10 basis points quarter-over-quarter. And I think it's a bit of a justified call out, but the SG&A expenses, we talked about in terms of ramping with healthcare programs and additional. When we provide you operating margins per segment, that's fully allocated. All corporate, all SG&As, all product development resources, I mean the whole thing. So when we overshoot SG&A by $4 million, $5 million, $6 million and a lot of that is because of investments and in target markets, that's going to have a near-term impact to operating margins. So again, I look at it, these 90-day periods, I wouldn't dwell on that entirely. It is up 10 basis points, it is in the target range of 6% to 8%, and we continue to see margin expansion. The Diversified Manufacturing Services will need to see more of the pipeline of activity that we expect, particularly for fiscal '12 to come into the revenue stream and to get into mature levels of production.
Forbes Alexander: Yes, I don't see any reason, Brian, that we can't sustain operating margins in the areas you just discussed. We would expect to see continued overall core operating margin expansion in fiscal '12 over fiscal '11. We're not going to provide guidance today, but certainly, we don't see anything that would prohibit it, in fact, we've seen core operating margin expansion in fiscal '12.
Forbes Alexander: I think you need to, at least, plan for the next couple of quarters. We have internal plans that are in place. I can't provide you any information at this point on what the progress is, not because I don't want to, just because it's early in the process.
Forbes Alexander: We have a lot of fun doing it. Of course, you learn a lot as you go along. And I'll answer the question, if I haven't answered the question, you can follow up before we go to the next person. But we're having a lot of fun with it, because we get to doing really nifty products. We're doing new things with capabilities that we haven't had before, and I think one of the things that we've learned is that, that, particularly in areas like healthcare and in such life services. Gosh, sometimes, it takes a different level of infrastructure than the generic EMS industry approach and to really drive the differentiation. It takes investment, it takes better people and a higher level of expertise, and it is common in the industry. And so, that's part of the investments that we're making, particularly in healthcare, part of the big CapEx plan that we've had over the last 12 to 18 months, to build up specialized services. And we're just learning that to talk about differentiation, a lot different than being differentiated, and being differentiated takes a lot of hard work for the big people and really focus investment. And gosh, we're having fun doing that and honing [ph] as we go, and we'll continue to focus on that.
Forbes Alexander: So yes, I think we have been happy with the March performance in High Velocity. I will take this one. We've been very happy with the progression and performance in High Velocity, and I think that comes down to a lot of the focus we put on Lean activities and efficiencies in manufacturing. So a lot of effort has gone into that. Basically, for the last year, where this whole High Velocity arena was the low-targeted margins. And as you point out, it's a difficult business to manage for the volatility that one sees in this area. But with the processes we have in place, our real focus in terms of Lean activity and Six Sigma processes, it's bringing it home into the targeted ranges.
Forbes Alexander: Jabil grew by $90 million, 2 days out from last quarter sequentially. I think we're about 3% or 4% sequentially, while revenue grew at 8% or 9%. So overall, satisfactory. So from what we do from the management team's perspective, we are targeting 8%, and we're at 7%. So overall, we're okay with the performance. We've taken a couple of days out, as I said. In terms of feedback from customers or suppliers, we're not hearing anything that is any different than they have done over the last 2 or 3 quarters. I think demand patterns we've seen are pretty steady as we move throughout our quarters. Obviously, there will be some seasonality in the Christmas quarter. But otherwise, it does appear to be business as usual.
Forbes Alexander: The authorizations open for a year, but we will certainly take a view on that in the next week or so. But I would expect to see some activity here as we move forward in this quarter.
Timothy Main: When we look at fiscal Q1, we will be through some very significant roles. We'll be in a more mature state of some very significant programs that are ramping in both Enterprise & Infrastructure and in Healthcare. And we do expect to see significant growth in that Q1 in Diversified Manufacturing Services, probably steady growth in Enterprise & Infrastructure. And we don't see any reason why High Velocity would not exhibit its normal seasonal pattern of high growth in fiscal Q1, excluding the impact of a major mobility customer in the High Velocity area. So we put that together, and we were actually very excited about the prospects for fiscal Q1 and would expect to see margin performance consistent with that. I'm actually pretty pleased that we can get a very, very short-term air pocket and continue to put up 4.2% operating margins. And we've had Japan, we've had the acquisition of the sites in France and Italy, we've had some near-term disruptions from the High Velocity segment, and then the company is still turning pretty good numbers. So I'm actually pretty pleased with it.
Timothy Main: It is tracking to expectations, both from a revenue and earnings standpoint and I'm pretty pleased with the level of synergistic value that the Materials Technology Group brings to our other business areas, notably areas like Healthcare and Clean Tech. And we'll continue to press that advantage. And short-term, Craig, I mean, it's tough to claim significant customer diversification in these arbitrary 90-day windows. But I think the path that they're on, they're doing business with some of the best smartphone companies in the world. They are engaged in tablets and the entire ecosystem around Mobility and the Mobility Internet and doing business with the leaders, and that's an indication of the technology they have and the differentiation they can bring those customers. So we'll continue -- we will continue to see customer diversification and the new market during today, and we'll continue to see synergistic value we add to the other target segments, particularly as we get into fiscal 2012.
Timothy Main: Yes. I think the negative impact of the sites in Western Europe will be consistent with the third quarter. So there will be continued dilution in Enterprise & Infrastructure associated with that area. We may see margins pick up just a tad, but very consistent with what happened in Q3. And there is a continuing effect from Japan, although that has been incorporated into the guidance.
Timothy Main: Yes, you know what, it's a great question Lou. When I think about the overall macro environment, I mean, just generally a note, I apologize if these statements are so general, if they're worthless. I think they're valuable, GDP growth in our country was 1.9%, I guess, in the first calendar quarter. If I look at demand patterns and the way customers are behaving today, I don't see any big change. And I don't see any big change in Europe, I don't see any big change in North America. I think Asia continues to be relatively robust, Latin America continues to be pretty robust. So I'm not seeing a lot of changes. I mean, we absorbed the kind of deceleration of GDP growth in the developed world over the course of the first calendar quarter. And I don't know of any significant changes to that kind of tone. And if anything, anecdotally, I'd say that people are becoming a little bit more optimistic about late 2011 and prospects in 2012. I know that doesn't quite square with CNN, and particularly Fox, but that's kind of the way that I see it in the real world. So our healthcare demand is good. Instrumentation demand is okay. Industrial Clean Tech and the other areas seem to be good and Diversified Manufacturing Services. Enterprise & Infrastructure is a little bit more of a mixed bag for us. We see very good demand in Storage, and our Telecommunications business seems to be in pretty good shape. And then High Velocity, actually, things are okay. And with the exception of the one business area that Forbes mentioned, everything seems to be tracking as planned. So I think we're in the midst of a slow, somewhat choppy economic recovery that continues to seem sustainable from our vantage point.
Timothy Main: Yes, so I mean you have to take Q4 for what it is. When we look at fiscal Q1, based on the health of the other areas of High Velocity, we think it's reasonable for investors to expect that our normal seasonal uptick in High Velocity will occur in November quarter, and that quarter would typically be up 15% to 20% in that business area. So if you excluded the Mobility area from High Velocity as an area of concern and uncertainty, the balance of High Velocity, we would expect to see normal seasonal patterns in our November quarter.
Timothy Main: Well, let's talk about whether 6.2% is an issue. We don't believe that's an issue. So there's no need for us to get to 7% operating margins in Diversified Manufacturing Services. Based on the way things are laid out right now, yes, we overshot SG&A. If we hadn't overshot SG&A and made important investments in new programs and new capabilities, then the margins would have been higher in the short term and lower in the long term, with lower growth opportunity. So we're investing in the short term, and that infrastructure will get absorbed as programs that we're winning move into the revenue stream over the course of fiscal '12.
Timothy Main: We're going to have to go to work on that. We don't want you to recalibrate your margins expectations long-term because the 4% to 4.5% is a good range. But it's going to be, over the next quarter or 2, it's going to be tough for us to move back into the high end of that range. And we're just going to have to move more business into those sites. We're going to have to find business opportunities for them and create some additional revenue, and we're hard at work on that, plus the business is performing really well, so...
Timothy Main: No, we think, given the fact that we're guiding High Velocity down by 13%, I mean we'd like to think that's as conservative as a reasonable person would make it. But there is additional uncertainty because of that. We think we've done an appropriate job of handicapping the full impact of Japan. I wouldn't call that an uncertainty that is -- it gives us a lot of concern. We just think it's a smart time for us to be a little bit more conservative, open up the range a little bit, and given the environment and what you read in the newspaper and everything else, that that's appropriate. And if you look at the guidance ranges of other people in our business or even customers on a percentage basis or anything else, this is not a wide range.
Timothy Main: We have some great customers in that business area. People tend to focus on the marquee customers and focus on the negative side of volatility, but there's a lot of really great positive things in that business area. Our printing relationship is in great shape, and we do a lot of set-top boxes and point-of-sale systems, and we've actually been pretty pleased with those customer relationships and our ability to execute. So as Forbes said, it's really fundamentally about better execution and not wasting a lot of time and effort on suboptimized relationships in areas of the business that represent waste. So it's primarily an execution, an improvement in execution is responsible for the improvement of almost 100 basis points of margin in that area year-over-year.
Timothy Main: It's a fairly sleepy time in High Velocity. So things are going along pretty well with the exception of the business areas we've already talked about.
Timothy Main: Jim, I just have to take exception with this traditionally, we've guided this way. It was a very tight range last quarter, and I don't think this is out of character for Jabil or the industry or indicates any lack of visibility or increasing uncertainty or anything of that type. We know when you guide a business segment down 13% that there's some uncertainty but it is contained in a very, very small area. So I feel like maybe we've been providing guidances too tight. And gosh, why do that in a marketplace like this? No, it has nothing to do with visibility. No, it's got nothing to do with uncertainty. And I would contest the statement that traditionally we've always been at that certain range.
Timothy Main: I think we're just acknowledging that this could end up to be a little bit of modeling dilemma. So we're trying to provide some help without providing guidance for fiscal Q1. So we're not providing guidance for fiscal Q1. But if you look at the High Velocity area, and you can do what you want with the Mobility area of High Velocity. I mean, if you'd like to assume that it's going to be better than that in the November quarter because of whatever your reasons are, that's great. I think the main point is that's a high level of uncertainty for us, and the balance of the High Velocity area is actually in very good shape, and we would expect normal seasonal patterns to show up in our November quarter. And we would regard that normal seasonal pattern to be something in the nature of 15% to 20% sequential growth in the High Velocity segment, excluding the uncertainty with the customer you talked about. And when you talk about Enterprise & Infrastructure, not necessarily a seasonal area, but we continue to see some growth there. In Diversified Manufacturing Services, we've seen excellent growth there. No reason to think that growth will slow down. And keep in mind that there is an area of Diversified Manufacturing Services that will probably see a seasonal uptick in the Materials Technology Group. So in any case, that could actually see some acceleration of growth in that area, depending on how other things go.
Timothy Main: Yes, I think the appropriate way for us to talk about that when we talk about Diversified Manufacturing Services, kind of the midpoint of the long-term target growth range of 20% to 30%, probably the same for Enterprise & Infrastructure of 5% to 10%. And sure, that might be in High Velocity, that might be a little more difficult to be nearer the high end, modeling the low end of that range is probably more appropriate.
Timothy Main: The August guidance we've given you, so that's what we would typically see, this is anecdotal. I'm not going to quote 4, 5 years of numbers. If you go back a few years, Sherri, and you're in the Great Recession, so everything is kind of distorted by cycles of 10s [ph], but we would typically not see much of a seasonal increase in High Velocity or Enterprise & Infrastructure in the August quarter or the November quarter. So we've already made some comments about the November quarter for actually all 3 business areas. Normal seasonal patterns in the Consumer Electronics area for us is, we would think, in the 15% to 20% range in the November quarter. Not much of it is seasonal impact on Enterprise & Infrastructure, and Diversified Manufacturing Services tends to be pretty steady. Again, in Diversified Manufacturing Services and the Materials Technology Group, there is some reason to think that the November quarter would be seasonally stronger because of the business mix there. So Diversified Manufacturing Services should be pretty consistent.
