Timothy L. Main: Well, what a difference a year makes. We are really delighted to conclude our first fiscal 2010 quarter with good momentum and new business, solid operations performance and an improving macroeconomic environment. I’d like to draw out a few observations that I think are pertinent for investors as they evaluate Jabil. Year-over-year Jabil earned $5.3 million more in core operating income on $295 million less revenue. This is particularly gratifying because the consumer business actually increased to 40% of our overall revenue over that same period. The sequential story was positive as well, we produced incremental core operating income of $0.14 per revenue dollar and core operating margins of 3.4% and core EBITDA margins of 5.6% are indicative of the earnings power of our company. I think it also demonstrates the fundamental economic model is still in good working order. A few key elements to the improvements and what we’re thinking about going forward. Number one, the company is very focused on lean manufacturing, costs control and improving our overall operational efficiency. We are committed to strengthening our focus in this area even though economic conditions appear to be improving. We will take proactive steps to ensure the structure is well positioned and highly competitive. Two, emphasis on industrial instrumentation in the medical sector has led to significant growth and an increase in the share of our business. This is now our second largest sector. Three, continuing to emphasis our end-to-end service capabilities inclusive of our aftermarket services division and world class mechanic capabilities at Jabil Green Point, gives us commend of a broader value chain and makes us a more valuable partner to our customers. Finally, four we continue the effort towards a time when we will be regarded as the undisputed leader of our industry in fundamental execution with superior capabilities. We will be investing in our business over the course of the next few quarters. These investments will be focused in our key growth areas such as industrial, instrumentation and medical market as well as clean tech activities. We are expanding capacity of our Jabil Green Point operations to accommodate some higher volume new business later this year. We are also condensing and consolidating operations to be a more effective and efficient partner to our customers. Although these initiatives with require some additional capital and expense, we continue to expect to drive significant operating leverage with revenue growth beyond our second fiscal quarter. In summary, we’re off to a good start and on a solid trajectory to an excellent fiscal 2010. If this nation’s economic recovery is sustained through 2010 then this good start should develop in to a welcomed finish to the year.
Timothy L. Main: I knew you guys would ask that and I really don’t have a quantification. I mean, it’s not a huge number, it’s not $200 million but just a guess would be $50 to $75 million is probably the revenue that was left on the table.
Timothy L. Main: Yes, if it ends up being a seasonally slow period. I think our guidance brackets a typically seasonal quarter to something which isn’t seasonal at all. If from a macro standpoint things turn out to be not seasonal I would expect to see continued supply constraints in to spring or summer.
Timothy L. Main: Well, in terms of seasonal activity, it is normal for us to have December sell through. I think that based on our history you’d see revenue declines of anywhere from 20% to 30% in the consumer area and we’re at the midpoint we’re looking at 15% so that’s a little bit less but it’s still seasonal. In terms of market share, there are some significant mechanics programs that we intend to begin ramping in the spring early summer. I wouldn’t point to big market share shifts there but continuing to build up our capabilities and again, the comprehensive service offering from design to mechanics, assembly, distribution, fulfillment and service is an attractive end-to-end solution and something I think just a few large scale global players can provide to the most attractive customers in the world today so I think we’re benefiting from that movement.
Timothy L. Main: A complicated question, it’s a straightforward question but a complicated answer. The degree to which we can drive operating leverage, I think we’ve talked about $0.10 to $0.15 of operating leverage through the $3.3 to $3.4 billion per quarter range. After that we’ll continue to see leverage at the op ex line so SG&A will expand at a much slower rate than revenue above the $3.3 to $3.4. When you start looking at revenue levels in the $3.7 to $3.8 range I think then you’ll start to see the incremental margin performance be a little bit less. It depends a lot on the mix of the business and we do everything we can to grow our business in a methodical way. We focus on diversification, we have mobility and the industrial instrumentation medical sectors our two largest sectors, that shows good diversity. Our top 10 customers are 58% of our revenue, that shows good diversity but as hard as we try to balance our approach if they as customers decide they really like us and consolidate the business with us or we have significant new program launches or expenses associated with program launches than from quarter-to-quarter we could see some margin dilution. It also depends on where it shows up in the world and where we have to invest in the capacity. But, all other things being equal I’d say that once we get above the $3.5 to $3.6 billion per quarter range we should be getting much, much closer to the 4% operating level.
Timothy L. Main: Computing and storage is up 2% sequentially so I didn’t think that was particularly negative and again, when I think about computing and storage, networking and telecommunications in total we’ve actually seen some pretty robust demand there overall. In the networking area there was really one customer that distorted the results, a European customer that is confronting some hyper competitive activity in their marketplace which is essentially really created a prop in revenue for us. That was a European customer and not in our top 10 so that distorted the number a little bit. Keep in mind, one of the things that’s happening in the enterprise area, particularly in the high end is the volume is going up and the unit prices are down because the customer base has done a good job of fundamentally reducing design and really making these products higher volume products, standardizing platforms and getting better penetration so our actual unit volume is up substantially in these markets. I think the enterprise markets will show very good strength through the balance of the year.
Timothy L. Main: Gradual, incremental, small steps that will develop from the strength that we have in the current business and continue to look for opportunities that we can generate from our internal capabilities. So, extensions of our capabilities near adjacencies and things like operating agreements or alliances to enrich our value proposition. So, as an investor I’d look at it as gradual incremental smaller movement to higher value add activities. We’ll continue to do that and bring different activities in to that capability but again, they’ll be less noticeable from a capital acquisition standpoint but hopefully a heck of a lot more noticeable to our customers.
Timothy L. Main: No surprises, it has played out about as expected. It’s actually a very high volume low mix business so the inventory velocity should continue to be very high.
Timothy L. Main: That’s really tough to do. I said earlier that a guess would be $50 to $75 million of revenue was foregone because of supply constraints so the inventory associated with that would be $40 to $50 million roughly depending on the product and customer, that kind of thing.
Timothy L. Main: Q1 guidance was $3 billion to $3.2 billion and 85 to 105 in corroborating income. So it’s kind of a $15 million handle on each side.
Timothy L. Main: I don’t have that information in front of me. Again, we’ve talked about higher revenue concentration in the electronic assembly area and we talked about who the 10% customer are. We’ve got very good diversification in terms of who we do business with and what areas of the business actually are profitable and accretive to the company and what aren’t so actually better balance below the covers than above the covers.
Timothy L. Main: That’s a great question Tim and I think fundamentally the biggest [solid] that investors should take or the most pertinent fact is that customer, that European customer was vertically integrated and competed against our suppliers. The customers that we have that were engaged in electronic assembly today have no vertical capacity or very little. So, we’re competing against people in our industry not against the customer for their own capacity.
Timothy L. Main: I’d say that the competitive environment – my color would be is it’s not any more hyper competitive this quarter than it’s been for the last 10 or 15 years but it’s still very competitive out there. The food supply has gone down so only the most efficient people can compete and provide the type of pricing that the market requires and still make a buck. Yes, we’ve had lean for a long, long time. This is not a flippant comment but we are getting better at it and we are seeing better results today than we have in the past. There are a couple of things going on and I did mention them in the prepared remarks. The emphasis in the industrial instrumentation medical sector has led to some significant growth. Year-over-year I think that sector in terms of share of our business is up two or three percentage points so that’s important. Continuing to emphasis the end-to-end capabilities that we have through aftermarket services and Jabil Green Point has led to some beginning to get some decent traction in the aftermarket services for instance, that percentage of our business is up a point or two year-over-year so that’s very helpful. When things are slow and the environment is very severe we get refocused, thankfully refocused on cost, quality and delivery and fundamental execution. We have that in our muscle memory very well and we’re able to exercise that and hopefully we’ll be able to express that to our advantage this year. So, it is a combination of factors but nothing easy. It’s all based on hard incremental work.
Forbes I. J. Alexander: You’re probably seeing, and again it’s very much depending how you see overall demand beyond mechanical in terms of recovery in the back half of the year, you’ll probably see numbers relatively consistent with Q2 for Q3 and then you’ll see that [inaudible] in Q4. So somewhere between $200 and $250 million type number feels reasonable at the moment.
Forbes I. J. Alexander: Yes, we would expect to work that off as we move through December here. December is tracking as we expect here in to the third week. So, sequentially I would expect to see revenues decline more in line with the seasonal second quarter. So, no real surprises there.
Forbes I. J. Alexander: Nothing really unusual, we typically see somewhere in the range of $0.15 or $0.18 on the downside. We do have some investments going on with this mechanical expansion, nothing untoward in that regard. As we do see seasonal decline in the consumer space that tends to bring down essentially some of that leverage a little bit. But again, if one goes back historically Q1 to Q2 sequentially is in or around about that range. That is to say $50 million of expenses associated with some mechanical expansions brings that back in to the higher end of that range, $0.14 to $0.15 on the dollar.
Forbes I. J. Alexander: I would absolutely expect a positive cash flow in the second fiscal quarter and for that matter continuing through on a quarterly basis through fiscal ’10. We did a good job in the first fiscal quarter maintaining overall days there at 16 days, so we’re very pleased with that result. But certainly again, you’re right at the midpoint of our guidance, sequential decline of about 3% we should certainly continue to generate cash flows from operations and frankly in excess of the number we generated in the first fiscal quarter.
Forbes I. J. Alexander: Let me try and deal with those, the last one first automotive is in other. In terms of the share count, let me try and walk you through that. Effective the first of September of this year there is new accounting guidelines out there that relates to participating shares or participating securities. What that basically means is if an enterprise or organization has performance related restricted shares which we as an organization grant performance restricted shares to our management team and employees so they only vest upon successful completion of various performance criteria. Those shares as we are a dividend paying organization carry a dividend. This new accounting pronouncement now deems that those shares must be fully included in the diluted share count, the calculation of earnings per share. This accounting standard is also applicable retroactively so what you’ll also see on our press release on the income statement, you’ll also see our share count is 213 million shares versus roughly 209 if you pulled our press release as of a year ago. What this does is have an impact of reducing earnings per share by $0.01 on the first fiscal quarter 2009. It adds about five million shares. What you’ll see is any organization that paid a dividend that has performance restricted stock or performance restricted securities will be impacted by this accounting standard. Then in terms I think the last question was cap ex, why that was a little bit lower, I think we guided to right around $50 million. No particular reason, I think just the way that the particular capital expenditures came in to the company as a [inaudible] at times when we give these calls. So I think some of that is just sliding around a little bit.
Forbes I. J. Alexander: If we talk operating first then I’ll get to EPS, the operating range is the same so I think it’s really to do with the share count, now we’re upwards of 215 versus 209. I think what that does is add a couple of pennies there.
Forbes I. J. Alexander: No, because the tax rate is the same at 20% and the interest expense is running about $20 million also.
