Beth Walters: Thank you, operator. Welcome to our second quarter of 2016 earnings call. Joining me today are our CEO, Mark Mondello; and Chief Financial Officer, Forbes Alexander. This call is being recorded and will be posted for audio playback on the Jabil website jabil.com in the Investors section. Our second quarter press release, slides and corresponding webcast links are also available on the website. In these materials, you will find the financial information that we will cover during this conference call. We ask that you follow our presentation with the slides on the website, beginning with slide two, our forward-looking statement. During this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements, including those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business, our currently expected third quarter of fiscal 2016 net revenue and earnings results, the financial performance for the company and our long-term outlook for the company. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2015, on subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K and our other securities filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Today's call will begin with Mark with his comments on our outlook for the business in fiscal 2016. Forbes will follow with comments on our second fiscal quarter results and guidance for our third fiscal quarter 2016. Following our prepared remarks, we will open it up to questions from call attendees. I will now turn the call over to Mark.
Beth Walters: Great, thanks Forbes. Before we begin our question-and-answer session I would like to remind those on our call today that in customary fashion, we will not be able to address any customer or product specific question as a result of actually being our customers asking us not to. So, with that I will turn the call back over to the operator and I appreciate your cooperation with that. Thank you.
Beth Walters: Okay. Thank you everyone for joining us on the call today. We will be available for any further follow-up questions that you have and once again, thank you for your participation and interest in Jabil.
Mark Mondello: Yeah that's a good question. As is said in previous calls, I'm not pressing the organization at all for a natural growth. If there is good sound opportunities in front of us for growth that we believe are accretive to cash flows at a good ROIC we're going to make the investment. So, as far as our overall strategy in that regard that hasn't changed and I think if we’re successful in that, as I mentioned a bit in my prepared remarks, I think the Company becomes more and more diversified over the next two or three years which I think is really good for investors.
Mark Mondello: I'm very bullish on the EMS business, it’s extremely well diversified. We've seen a little bit of slowdown from a revenue perspective but as Forbes alluded to in his prepared remarks some of that has to do with what I would call long in the tooth legacy business and then the other thing that the two gentlemen that oversee that business, I think they've done a great job in two fronts, A, leading into the secular trends that I’ve been talking about for a year on the call. So connectivity and different service offerings around that, around all devices and number two is accounts that don't have a good outlook as far as being accretive to the company or don't have good levels of return on invested capital. I think they’ve done a good job of pruning the tree if you will and moving in a different direction. So I feel good about our EMS business and where it is today.
Mark Mondello: Sure Steve. So we started seeing some softness in our Greenpoint business in the late January early February timeframe and I think that's because of our position in supply chain. So we started seeing the softness in January and it really accelerated in February. And we had some modest declines that impacted Q2. So as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we were down about $150 million in revenue but the outlook and the abruptness of the outlook for most certainly Q3 and then a portion of Q4 really hit us hard in I would say the last four weeks so.
Mark Mondello: Sure, so let me start with, I love our biggest customer. And we'll continue to make investments for them and we will be prudent in that. I think our ability to partner with them is outstanding, I think our ability to handle their volatility if and when it occurs is really, really good and I have a lot of confidence in Apple. So on the diversification side, what I can tell you is we are very, very supportive with our largest customer. We are seeing very good diversification within that large customer, but at the same time, we have a balance sheet such that we are leaning hard into our healthcare business, we are leaning hard into our EMS business, which by the way is fully evident in both our results in Q1 and Q2 as well as our outlook in Q3 and Q4. And then recently separated our consumer packaging business into separate business and we have named outstanding leadership there and we’re very bullish on that albeit starting from a smaller base.  So I think we are on a good path. It’s a two, three year path and in the meantime, there is going to be some volatility in the mobility space and it’s a nature of that business. 
Mark Mondello: How are you doing? Couple of things, one is if you think about a more normalized landscape Sherri, Q3 is typically in our mobility sector a quarter for investment and then we started trajectory out of that and as we hit new product life cycles, the – this year, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we are accelerating some of the product ramp, so we got on those a little earlier than usual, so that’s one. Number two is sometimes it gets lost with everybody that our DMS business isn’t just our largest customer. We have got other business there within our Greenpoint business and we also have a very, very good healthcare business, which is now really starting to take hold and build critical mass, so it’s a combination of those things, Sherri. 
Mark Mondello: You’re welcome. I think in some packets we are seeing that now and it’s really about the service offerings and where we play. So if you take a look at maybe some of the legacy business, I would contend that your thesis is exactly correct. If I think about what’s happening and how things like cloud storage is changing, bandwidth transfer is changing and things like that, Jabil is playing in different areas well beyond, what I would kind of consider the build-to-print markets that we were playing in five, six, seven years ago.  So for us, yes, there is some areas of that business that are declining, there are some areas of that business that are flat and then there are some areas of that business that I think are thriving. And the other thing I throw out there is, our EMS business today is incredibly broad. So today, I don’t know what the customer count is, but I bet, in that segment of our business, the customer count is probably 220, 230 customers and it cuts across not only cloud, not only legacy storage, not only data, not only networking, but industrial energy, automotive and a ton of the ecosystem around connected devices. So for us, that’s what’s driving certainly the resiliency on the margin side and the growth of our absolute profit dollars. 
Mark Mondello: Hey, Amit, the one thing I would add to Forbes’ comment is, I think it’s well known that the third fiscal quarter for us is as always an important kind of investment ramp quarter in the mobility sector. But coincidently and it truly is coincidental. We are also ramping probably six to eight product platforms that have nothing to do with handsets and we are ramping those in the May, June timeframe, actually one of them in late April. So we anticipate that those will be driving revenue in the fourth quarter as well. 
Mark Mondello: Yes, it sucks. I mean, as far as – I would love to be able to run our business on a quarter-to-quarter basis and I don’t like it at all and I take it to it heart, we have committed investors and it bothers me. But I think it’s drastically different, Amit, as far as fiscal year ’14. If you take a look at fiscal year ’14, we had a dramatic downturn as everybody knows on a program and for that year the company – I don’t remember the exact numbers, but I think we made about $340 million dollars in operating income. Today, we’ve got some abrupt downturns and the company is going to do $700 million. So I think it’s drastically different and I think what’s different about it is is we started three, three-and-half years ago to really drive in diversification throughout the company, and as I said, in my prepared remarks that’s taken hold. And I also said that I am bullish in supporting the mobility space at the moment, we have made some investments. I don’t want people to be confused about the fact that the investments we have made in the last two years or for this year, the investments we’ve made for the two years in regards to invested capital and buildings are going to be there for us to leverage over the next two to three years. So it’s the business that we are in and I feel very good about it. So I think there is a dramatic difference between two years ago and today. 
Mark Mondello: Sure, Mark. So I can’t sit here today and kind of prognosticate two or three years out on whether or not we’re going to grow our mobility business faster than the market. We certainly have historically, if you look at our Green Point business as a proxy, again, I don't remember the exact numbers, but I think we’ve grown that business probably $2.5 billion in recent years on a relatively modest base and so I feel really good about that. Will we be able to continue those growth rates two or three years out, I don't know. Here is what I’ll commit to you. If we have the opportunity to grow that business at a good ROIC, with good terms, with customers, we’re going to do so.  If we see the growth rate or the opportunities attenuate, then we’ll pull back CapEx, we will be very, very prudent and the investments we make, and that business will throw off a significant amount of free cash flow because handsets aren’t going away and we've got great installed capacity in combination with incredible capabilities with mechanics and material sciences. So to me, it's going to be one of two paths and I think both paths are good paths. Today, I like the path we’re on. One of the things I love about our company is it’s incredibly adaptable and incredibly agile and we’ll read and react to the mobility market and do what's right for investors.
Mark Mondello: Mark, I would also add to that, I would also, I would read into that the fact that I think we have outstanding terms and conditions and so I think we’re being very, very diligent around how we run the business and how we run CapEx.
Mark Mondello: It might have an impact on it, but it's not material. It's different products, different points in the market, I mean, it could have a bit of an impact, but not overly material.
Mark Mondello: I think you should think about all of that. And I don't mean to be reckless with that comment at all, but when I think about diversification, Sean, I think about diversification in Green Point, I think about diversification across all the different end markets in our EMS business, which is probably 9 to 11 different end markets, something like that and then end markets aside, Sean, I think about our value proposition and the service offering. And so building product in legacy EMS style is not going to drive a lot of value for our shareholders. So we’re still very good at that, we are still going to do that. But, and it's a big part of our business.  But what we've been up to for the last couple of years is also looking at different parts of the value chain that we can play, that we have a parenting advantage and our solid service offerings that might be above and beyond what you consider kind of typical manufacturing. So I cut the diversification play many different ways. One of the things I talked to Beth about in the last month is, it's been a while since we've done an analyst get-together and I feel a little bit remiss on that. Time flies by. So I think you can expect something from us, certainly in the next 12 months where we’d love to gather everybody on the sell side to buy side and the banking side to get together and give you much more color in what we’re up to, because I think you’ll be really pleased.
Mark Mondello: I think we’re seeing it with great acuity and again as you sit back and kind of model out just the rest of this year, I think you’ll get to a conclusion that the diversification play, both EMS and then the non-mobility DMS must be diverse, because I think the financials will speak for themselves. And then I also, as I’ve said the last three or four calls, I’m pretty pleased with the diversification we have in the mobility spaces well.
Mark Mondello: Sure. Why don't we hold off on that and why don't we wait until we do kind of a show-and-tell at an analyst meeting, and I think you will get a really good appreciation of what we are doing in the healthcare space, but I can tell you that it's growing to be fairly sizeable, good critical mass in ‘17, ‘18 and ‘19. It's going to be material to the company.
Mark Mondello: Jim, it’s Mark. Unfortunately, because of the terms and whatnot with the acquisition, and some sensitivity around it, we just can't provide a lot of detail. I will tell you that that acquisition will be fully accretive by Q1 of ‘17.
Mark Mondello: Yeah. That's a good question. It's very modest at the moment. We did that acquisition more from a capability perspective as well as a strategic play along the lines of our diversification and we just can't say much about it unfortunately, but it will start to have contributions as we get into the early parts of ‘17.
Mark Mondello: Yeah. So let's exclude mobility. I said in my prepared remarks, our EMS business is, it’s a $11 billion business going to $12 billion or $13 billion business and core income dollars in that business year-on-year are going to grow north of 15%. In this market, that's pretty good. And I think not that long ago, three, four, five years ago, people were looking at kind of legacy EMS business going, you know what, it's going to kind of have GDP type growth to it and legacy EMS margins to it. And our folks have kind of transformed that and we've got amazing customer relationships and we’re quite bullish. So that part of our business is doing well.  I spoke about the healthcare business and then what I mentioned briefly is our packaging business, which we recently announced internally that we are going to break that off and have that be a stand-alone business and we’re doing that because we think that there are some outstanding opportunities in the marketplace around consumer packaging, whether it be the combination of rigid, flexible and intelligent type packaging, we’re pretty bullish on that and then we've got a whole group internally, Jim that operates maybe two or three degrees away from our core business that are off with some investment dollars and applying some of our know-how to different macro trends that we see. So we’re hopeful in that area and I’m bullish in the core business and again, I don't sit here and feel good about guiding you down for Q3. But I still remain very bullish on our mobility sector.
Forbes Alexander: Yes, what that is essentially – the simplest way to think about it is the majority of the income reduction that we just signaled, about $100 million for the fiscal year is – was previously expected to be generated in a country where we have tax incentive. So essentially that tax incentive isn’t in play anymore, so the tax dollars for the full year remain consistent with those at the beginning of the year. Therefore, one has to pro rate if you will those overall tax dollars by quarter and with the low point of guidance being Q3, those tax dollars are fixed and then it’s simple arithmetic over the income dollar. 
Forbes Alexander: Yes, sure. So one facility in China, at this stage, we may transfer some of that asset base into our existing facilities, but as we said right now, it’s about one facility there. With that comes capabilities, additional complementary to our Greenpoint operations in terms of machining, and some great skill sets than material science and assets. So the opportunities there I think are significant as we move through certainly our Q4 with the ramping of some new products sets there into fiscal ’17. So we are very pleased with our transaction. 
Forbes Alexander: Sure, Amit. As we talked about, Q3 is the low point and it’s really as a result of that low point that would get into that 29%, 30% growth. So there are current guidance for that segment would suggest similar levels of revenue in Q4 ‘16 to that of a year ago. That’s based upon, as Mark said, we’re seeing growth within our healthcare and packaging businesses, in both areas, they are doing nicely. And we’re also ramping a number of new programs starting in the third fiscal quarter, which will ramp the volume and scale as we move into the July, August, September, October timeframe. So certainly based on the available capacity we have, the line of sight we have around those unit volumes that gives us great comfort that we can certainly grow that segment approaching $1.8 billion to $1.9 billion in the fourth fiscal quarter. 
Forbes Alexander: Yes. That's more of a read for this year and the Green Point DMS teams have done a terrific job in terms of efficiencies through process and suchlike. So don't take that as a signal for reads on ‘17. As Mark said, we’re certainly looking at growth opportunities as we move into new fiscal year.
