Kenny Wilson: Thanks, Adam. Good morning. Thanks for joining us today. As Adam highlighted, fiscal year '23 was another strong year, and I am pleased with the progress we've made relative to our financial objectives. Every day at Jabil, we strive to do the right thing. It is how we are wired. So, it's heartening when looking at our end-of-year report card to see that we are making progress on all fronts. Most satisfying for me is the resilience of our model, where despite end market choppiness, we posted very impressive year-on-year growth in core margins, up 40 basis points to 5%, earnings up 12%, and EPS up 13%, while also driving in excess of $1 billion in free cash flows. This time of year also sees us complete our annual strategic planning process. And it is reassuring to note that similar to last year, we reconfirmed our focus on investing in key areas of our business, including electric vehicles and autonomous driving, AI cloud solutions, renewable energy and healthcare. All of this sets a firm foundation for fiscal year '24 and beyond, and is a testament to our customer-centric model, which is both robust and adaptable to changes in end market. The next slide shows how these characteristics have shaped the last 10 years. And seen in this context, fiscal '23 was just another step in the journey. If I was looking for one word to summarize activities highlighted, it would be intentionality. We have and will continue to be very intentional as we look to grow and modify the mix of business to include longer lifecycle industries like healthcare with the acquisition of Nypro and our strategic collaboration with JJMD. In addition, we have also increased investment, both organically and inorganically, in emerging technologies. We view our capabilities as a match for important end markets, like renewable energy, infrastructure, electric vehicles, and cloud data centers. From an enterprise perspective, we began materially redirecting more and more of our free cash flows to buybacks and reinvest in ourselves at very attractive valuations. And finally, just a few weeks back, we unveiled yet another step on our journey as we announced the pending divestiture of our Mobility business to BYD Electronics for $2.2 billion. As we move into fiscal year '24 and beyond, you can continue to rely on this leadership team to allocate capital with a view to expanding shareholder value. I'd now like to spend a little time talking about our decision to sell the Mobility business. As you know, over the past five years, I've had the privilege both to lead and work alongside some of the most skilled and talented manufacturing engineers, operations leaders and material scientists in the world. And during that time, we were fortunate to build an incredible business while also delivering best-in-class products for one of the world's greatest brands. I had the front row seat, unlike any other, to truly appreciate and develop a deep understanding of the level of complexity involved in introducing and manufacturing precision mechanics at huge scale for our largest customer. This perspective provides me some credibility to make the claim that our Mobility team is second to none when it comes to innovative automation, tooling design, and manufacturing of these components at scale. And I also truly believe this talented organization can reach new heights when their capability is matched by a supportive business model focused on significant growth. To all my friends in the Mobility business, I will miss you deeply. Thanks for showing your company at its best, for never flinching from the sometimes seemingly unsurmountable asks, and doing so all with humility, professionalism, and great skill. It has been my honor to be a part of your team. Looking forward, I think your particular skill sets can be leveraged in endless ways. And while it's bittersweet to say goodbye to some great friends and colleagues, I know this is the best route for our customers, employees, and shareholders alike. In a moment, I will turn the call over to Fred to go deeper into our end markets, but before that, I wanted to reaffirm what you can expect from me as CEO. I will work tirelessly on your behalf to ensure that we are in the correct end markets and geographies with the correct capabilities to serve our customers. I will continue to ensure that our capital allocation is shareholder friendly, while appropriately funding our growth. And all of this will be underpinned by an unwavering passion and commitment to preserve, protect and grow our unique culture, which is the foundation of everything that is great about our company. Thank you for joining us today and for your interest in Jabil. I will now turn the call over to Fred.
Kenny Wilson: Hey, Ruplu. Good morning, and thank you for the question. I mentioned in my prepared remarks that we're really intentional. We just came out of our annual review of our strategic planning, and I think you'll see in Mike's comments also that we're viewing post the Mobility divestiture that 70% directly of our business is going to be in the EVs, AI clouds, renewables and healthcare. So, if you look at that, that's all areas of our business that we believe are accretive from a margin perspective. And then, if you just roll forward what we expect our growth to be in those areas, it really is a big chunk of that. Also, obviously, as you'd expect as the Mobility business moves out of the company, we're looking at right-sizing our footprint and just aligning with the new normal for our business. So it really is part of what we've been planning to do. We've been very intentional on it. And then, it really is just a function of as business with higher margin, grows and becomes a bigger part of our portfolio, that's where we see we get to from a margin perspective. It's not a function of us going back and trying to renegotiate higher prices with our customers. It really is a function of us adding more value in key end markets, and that's where we end up. So, we -- my other comment here would be, as you know, we are generally quite conservative. So, we wouldn't be talking to you about that if we didn't think there was a high degree of likelihood that we would achieve that.
Kenny Wilson: Yeah, let me talk to that also. So, I think I said previously that the automotive business is hard and that being hard is good for us, and also you need to have a global footprint with consistent standard processes and capabilities and be able to launch products simultaneously in different geographies at the same time. There's not that many companies that can do that. And so that certainly helps us. We've been on a journey in the automotive space for quite some time. Chad Morley and his team have been driving that. We identified pretty early that electrification was going to be a huge trend and so we doubled down on that. And, obviously, as you listened to Fred talking about ACES, we're looking at software-defined also now. So, we've been thoughtfully focused on adding more of the key logos to our portfolio. And what we see is, as we add more logos or more companies that were involved in more and more programs -- and I think Mike has talked previously about how the business is like seven-year lifecycles, you've introduced them at different rates. So, what we see is going forward that the products that we're incubating now are going to be revenue and margin accretive in the next two or three, four, five years. So, we're feeling quite confident about our growth. Certainly, 20%, we think is probably reasonable. From a competition perspective, we compete globally with really, really good companies. Competition makes us better. So, we are well aware and we're pretty paranoid about our capability and our competitors. So, I would say that we don't have any real surprises with our competitors in terms of their capability relative to ours. And we're pretty confident that what we could offer being a U.S. domicile but with wonderful capabilities in Asia, Europe, and North America, we think that that model is a winner for our customers and for Jabil. So, we're feeling quite confident about our automotive growth in the short, medium, and long term.
Kenny Wilson: Hi, Steve, good morning. Yeah, so we were talking about that just this morning actually, and I think it's worth just reaffirming you on the cloud space. We really think the model we have is outstanding. So, it's asset-like, it's co-located with our customer. We also think that as our customers look to disaggregate a lot of the other parts of the data center that it plays to our strength, and I'll get to the optics in OSAT in a second. So, what we find is that relationship drives effectively us sitting at the same side of the table, trying to solution how can we do things efficiently and how can we help them grow, because we view there's going to be significant growth, especially underpinned by AI. So, what we see is we've got to -- if you take our existing cloud business and what we see, that's been augmented by a real pivot to AI. From a consignment perspective, if you look at the GPUs, as Mike mentioned, that's going to be a pass through for us because we don't add any value there. But what you find in cloud is that really just the model we have is allowing us to really go deep with our customers and grow our business there. In terms of you mentioned about OSAT, let me talk about that. As we discuss with our customers, and Fred mentioned in liquid cooling, the power requirements for what we're doing in data centers has become significant. Air cooling no longer works, so they're looking for a liquid-cooled capability. You need to use photonics extensively, again, because of the power requirements. So, sitting with our customers means that they ask us, "Can you help us in liquid cooling? Can you help us in photonics? Can you help us in pluggable transceivers, et cetera, et cetera?" So that helps us as we go into strategic planning to look at where should we be investing our dollars and capabilities to help our customers. The good thing for us, Steve, is that as we go more vertical and end markets, it simplifies our customers' lives and it makes our solutions more robust and it effectively allows us to grow our business there. So that's kind of how we see things in the cloud. And hopefully that answers your question.
Kenny Wilson: Yeah, I mean just that, there are kind of some legacy EMS type kind of built to print type of models in some instances. And our view there is that where we can serve -- we're always looking to find where we can serve and add value. If our serve and add value becomes 100% built to print, then probably there's people that can do that cheaper than us and can do it -- and allowing us to add value for other customers where we can be vertical or where we can do -- just do more engineering services or whatever. So, I mean, we're not walking away from customers. It's a discussion around, look, I'm not sure it's the right fit for ourselves and for our customers. So there's a little bit of that. And then some of it is just end market softness right now. We see some softness in that market as well as in the consumer space. So, we do expect that to recover. I mean, we're not walking away from the Networking and Storage business, just to be clear. We also see that in that area of our business that the amount of enhanced or advanced networking that's required to support the AI data centers is significant also. So, we think, longer term, this business will be okay for us, but we're just seeing a little bit of softness in the short term, plus, some discussions with a couple of customers.
Kenny Wilson: Hey, thanks for the question. So, Mark, yeah, so firstly, I mentioned in my prepared remarks about the Mobility and the Mobility team. And I'd just like to call out again our gratitude as an organization for the work that they've done, which has been outstanding. I also think it would be a remiss of me not to call -- we're right in the middle of the transition right now and the collaboration between our team and the BYD team is absolutely outstanding. So, we're really pleased about how that's going. Yeah, in terms of the business, for sure, what we've been looking at here is -- and the way we try and focus our growth is, where can we add most value for our customer, and look at the world through the eyes of our customer. And that's why you'll see when we look at the end markets that we're focused on, we think it's end markets where the range of capabilities that we have in our company and the global presence that we have can really help our customers grow and develop. So, yeah, we'll be focusing much more on automotive, healthcare, just the renewables that we've mentioned previously, so for sure -- and AI and cloud, for sure that's going to give us the opportunity to do that. From a use of capital perspective, it helps us here also. So yeah, certainly from a management bandwidth, it's going to free up some of our time to go double down in these strong secular growth areas.
Kenny Wilson: Yeah, so at '24, it's roughly 20% to 25%, and we think that that's going to grow in the longer term and going to become a much bigger part of our cloud business.
Kenny Wilson: I think it's going to be really dependent on the mix of the businesses. So, we are expanding the space there to allow us to do more cloud. Mike mentioned that we're up 20% year-over-year. And we don't see any slowdown in terms of the cloud rollout. So, I think it depends, but certainly for sure, we think that our volumes are going to grow, but it will grow in the AI space. So, probably our revenues would probably be relatively consistent at that level, I would think, in the next year or two.
Kenny Wilson: Yeah, thanks for the question, David. So, yeah, we are really, really deep in this right now. I mentioned previously about the -- how effectively we're working together with BYDE. And that is really, really pleasing, especially for people that are going to go work in that organization and the leadership team is outstanding. Yeah, we've -- it's really detailed. We've spoken to all of the stakeholders. We think we've got a really good plan, detailed plan, and we're very, very confident that we'll close this in the timeline that we covered in our prepared remarks. We're actually focused on trying to close it as soon as possible, obviously. If we could do that in this calendar year, it would be wonderful. But yeah, with BYD's support in Asia and our support in North America, we think that we're very confident that it's going to be closed in the timeline that we mentioned.
Kenny Wilson: Yeah. Hey, George, nice to talk to you. Yeah, so what we're seeing is, I think we're seeing some offset in markets right now. So, if you look at the consumer, for example, we call that Network and Storage, that's down. So, we're not losing market share there. But in the markets that we're focused on, like in automotive and healthcare, renewables, for sure, we're gaining share in those areas. So that is allowing us to offset some softness in consumer, for example, and still be able to grow -- normally grow our business. So you see, we are seeing sheer gains in those targeted areas.
Kenny Wilson: Yeah, okay. So, let me just -- if this doesn't satisfy your question, just let me know, George. But -- so, we have a phenomenal capability and a really robust footprint in China. We leverage a lot of capabilities across the company from our footprint there. What we do see is that we see opportunities in China for China. We think that whether it's in EVs or multiple different end markets, we think our facilities are full and we're adding more demand in our China facilities. So, when we talk about regionalization, we're not -- it's not cannibalizing our footprint in China. And we think that the demand is going to increase for us there in the longer term, which is great because the teams and the people we have in China are absolutely outstanding. But to answer your other question, yeah, we see -- look at reshoring in Europe and North America, it's a big part of what we're doing and what you see growth in our targeted end markets. The good thing about our company and our capability is that we have standard processes. We have a consistent culture, of course nuanced in different parts of the world. We have a standard unified ERP system. So, what it means is, it means our ability to take capabilities and products and move them around the world and build them in the same -- different geographies at the same time. I would argue that we're among the best in the world at that. So, we see -- our focus is on China to support China market and also for export, but also we see leveraging those capabilities in different parts of the world is something that's going to help us grow in the longer term. So, I guess, in summary, the regionalization, as we call it, or reshoring, is -- that's a net positive for us. So, we're feeling pretty confident about that in the future.
Mike Dastoor: And, Ruplu, if I can just add, if you look at our CapEx, historically, a few years ago, it was in the range of 3.5%. Over the years, we've taken it down to -- we've always suggested 2.5%, 2.6% range. We will have the Mobility transaction going through. We are working on taking this CapEx number down quite a bit. I think the normalized range, if you look at what happened in FY '23 is our CapEx went down to 2%, but that was a little bit of a timing difference. So, FY '24, we expect CapEx to still be in the 2.3% to 2.5% range, but going forward, the 2% to 2.2% to 2.3% sounds highly doable. If you look at what we've done over the last few years, we've grown from $17 billion to $35 billion. So, we've doubled our revenues, and we've always managed our CapEx through that doubling phase. It'll be the same with automotive. It'll be the same with all the other high-margin secular growth and markets. We will continue to manage CapEx with a lot of discipline. And I think the number has already reflected, all expansion is reflected when we give out CapEx percentages.
Mike Dastoor: Absolutely, Steve. I think you're absolutely right. The buyback scenario is dependent on the timing of the close. But regardless, let me just -- I think this morning you saw the Board expanded our authorization -- current authorization, $2.5 billion. I think, if you remember, Adam mentioned in his prepared remarks that, in Q4, we were unable to complete our Q4 share buybacks due to the restrictions that are associated with the Mobility transaction. So, in October, like starting next week, we will therefore, we will be executing an accelerated share repurchase program of $500 million, regardless of the timing of the close. So, think of that as almost like a catch-up and taking advantage of current market situation as well. Post-close, we will execute a series. Obviously, it will depend when in Q2 it closes, but we will execute a series of accelerated share repurchases. We'll start as soon as the Mobility transaction closes and we've received all the cash. We probably won't do a full accelerated share buyback on day one itself for the entire amount. We're going to do a series of buybacks. And the reason for that is we're trying to balance the impact of interest costs along with the benefit of the WASO, like you suggested, on the calculations we've run as a balanced approach actually maximizes EPS. So that's what we're going to do, which means, by the end of FY '24, we still won't be completed fully with our buybacks. I think out of the $2.5 billion, I expect about $1.5 billion, $1.7 billion to be completed by FY '24, and in FY '25, we'll complete the balance of that transaction. I think from a WASO perspective, I'm looking at end of '24 and the range of that 126 million, 128 million shares, while in '24, again, depending on how we manage it through FY '25, it'll be in the 115 million, 118 million range.
Mike Dastoor: No. So, I think the company, the management team, everyone feels we're highly undervalued still, and the best return that we can get is in buybacks. Having said that, if an M&A comes up -- I'll just remind you our debt leverage is at a very low point. It's at like 1.1, and that gives us sufficient room to do an acquisition if needed from debt if the financials work out and it's capability driven, it's all in the right end markets, et cetera. So, it'll be based on -- it'll be based off of our debt structure. So, I would think of the buybacks as -- we're definitely going to go and do that, and any M&A will be on top of that, and we have plenty of liquidity and plenty of leverage to do that.
Mike Dastoor: Let me try and take that, Matt. The inventory days did come down by four days. I think the team did an excellent job. If you look at our supply chain team, our ops team, our BD teams, finance teams, all of them have done a fantastic job in getting that particular metric down. I think the focus that we put on that from a free cash flow perspective, from a working capital perspective, is all paying off. Having said that now, I don't expect it to go down into the low 50s. I think that 55 to 60, I think on previous calls I mentioned that's the range I was expecting mid to long term. It came sooner than expected, which is always a pleasant surprise. But I would expect that 55 to 60 day sort of range to be maintained. It might differ by nuances in particular quarters. It might go up a little bit, it might go down a little bit, but over the long term, I expect 55 to 60 days to be maintained. From a supply chain perspective, yes, supply chain constraints are coming down. However, I think, like you mentioned, the automotive and healthcare pieces, there still are some shortages going on there. Maybe not the same level that they were at three to six months ago, but we're still seeing some issues in those end markets all because of the legacy chips like you said as well. So, something we're watching, and when that starts coming down and normalizing, yeah, we'll get to the 55-ish range over a long period as well.
Mike Dastoor: Yeah, the excess cash has been built into our forecast. I think the number I'd say of FY '24 would be in the range of $290 million to $300 million. Again, we're being conservative there. If interest rates continue to go up, we don't have a crystal ball around that. But it's mainly our variable rate, which is higher right now because of everything that's going on in the markets. So, conservatively, I'd model $290 million to $300 million, Matt.
Mike Dastoor: Hey, Mark, I feel the consignment levels that we are at today will be consistent going forward. I think we've done -- we've doubled our consignment. So, even though volumes are up by 20%, we've actually doubled our consignment levels over this period. And that's impacting our total revenue number. But this is all good news, right? So, I don't think this is something that is negative. It's actually a big positive for us because it helps with our balance sheet, it helps with our margins, it helps flow through, it helps the customer, it helps Jabil, it's a win-win for everyone. But now that we've doubled our consignment levels, there might be another 5%, 10% that might come through, but I think we're at a decent stage currently with the indicators we provided.
Mike Dastoor: David, let me answer your second question first. The answer is, yes, it excludes Mobility. So, when we're looking forward to FY '25, the 3% growth is on the non-Mobility piece. As it relates to Q1 margin, there's a couple of dynamics going on. We talked about consignment in the cloud, that has a little bit of an impact for margins in Q1 and for all of FY '24 as well. Our mix continues to shift into the higher mix end markets, the higher margin end markets. There is a shift taking place there, which is working for us. I think I highlighted, and Kenny talked about it as well, 70% of our non-Mobility business now is going to be in those four end markets. There's no major change in the Mobility piece other than some -- I think I called out a couple of pieces, I called out the consignment piece and I called out some shift of work content which is more bill of material driven rather than anything else. There's no manufacturing change at all and the value add that we provide is still the same, but it was just a bill of material moving upstream rather than through us. So that has a little bit of a positive impact on margin. And then last but not least, we did -- we signed a preliminary agreement on 27th of August. On the 27th of August, we triggered an asset held for sale sort of accounting treatment under U.S. GAAP. In Q4, there wasn't much of an impact at all. There was zero impact on the P&L. There was some tax that we had to provide for -- under GAAP for Q4. But in Q1, there is about a $40 million, $50 million pickup because we're pulling out depreciation as part of this accounting treatment for assets held for sale. I called it out in my prepared remarks, I mentioned there's about a $0.25 improvement because of this, but don't forget, through the year, this sort of improvement gets offset by stranded costs that will take time to pull out towards the end of the year. But in Q1, there's quite a few dynamics moving around whereby our revenue looks lower, but it's not because it's mainly bill of material driven and there's some other dynamics as well.
Mike Dastoor: No, the asset held for sale, the depreciation is embedded in our core. I think I mentioned that specifically when I was talking about the core EPS, there was a $0.25 impact. The stranded costs are also included in core. We've got stranded costs towards the end of the year. We'll only be able to get to restructure those in maybe Q3 or Q4 well after the transaction closes.
Steven Fox: Hi, good morning. A couple questions from me. First of all, I was wondering if you could dig in a little more into the cloud slide that you presented from the aspect of the growth. Mike, you mentioned 20% sort of like-for-like growth on the rack configurations, but it seems like the drivers are a couple of different areas. Like, can you explain what you meant by customer diversity? And then also, how investing in new technologies like liquid cooling is driving some of the growth? And along those lines, I noticed you mentioned OSAT packaging, which I think is new. Can you just sort of give us an explanation on that bullet point? And then I had a quick follow-up.
Steven Fox: Yeah, no, that's very helpful. And then just as a follow-up. Mike, it sounds like what you're saying with the fiscal '25 guidance is to assume that you sort of execute on $2.5 billion of buybacks by then. And if that's the case, is there any way to sort of give us an idea of how much we should assume in buybacks, or how the share count conservatively comes down this year? I know there's a lot of timing issues there, but it seems like that's an important part of the EPS model to understand now for a little while.
Steven Fox: Great, that's helpful. And one just quick question on all that. Should an acquisition come up, would that possibly change the goals you just laid out, or could you do M&A and still do this amount of buybacks? Thanks.
