Adam Berry: Good morning and welcome to Jabil’s fourth quarter and fiscal 2018 earnings call and investor briefing. Joining me on today’s call are Chief Executive Officer, Mark Mondello; and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Dastoor. Today’s agenda will begin with Mike, who will review our fourth quarter results and our first quarter guidance. Following these comments, we will transition into the investor briefing portion of the day where both Mark and Mike will review the strategic drivers of our business. We will then open it up for your question. The entirety of today’s call will be recorded and posted for audio playback on jabil.com, in the Investors section. Our fourth quarter press release, slides and corresponding webcast are also available on our website. In these materials, you will find the earnings information that we will cover during this conference call. Please note that during the investor briefing portion of our webcast, we will be showing videos. To view our slides and these videos live during today’s session, you will need to be logged in to our webcast at jabil.com. At the conclusion of today’s call, all of our investor briefing material including slides and videos will be posted and available. Before handing the call over to Mike, I’d now ask that you follow our earnings presentation with slides on the website beginning with our forward-looking statement. During this conference call we will be making forward-looking statements, including, among other things those regarding the anticipated outlook for business such as our currently expected first quarter and fiscal year 2019 net revenue and earnings. These statements are based on current expectations, forecast and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2017 and other filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. With that, it's now my pleasure to turn the call over to CFO, Mike Dastoor.
Adam Berry: Thank you, Mike. As we begin the Q&A session, I'd like to remind our call participants that per our customer agreements we will not address any customer or products specific questions. We appreciate your cooperation. Operator, we are now ready for Q&A.
Adam Berry: Thank you everyone for joining us today. This now concludes our event. Thank you for your interest in Jabil.
Mark Mondello: We certainly have seen – we have certainly seen some customers moving to outsourcing, but I would think as I mentioned in my prepared remarks in the presentation, we're -- I really like our approach. Our approach is divvied up into very, very intentional sectors where over the last three, four years with the investments we've made both in capabilities and then just kind of this domain expertise with people, I think we were just taking better solutions to the marketplace. And I also think that the macro in certain areas right now is – has given us some help, so I would say its those three areas, Adam.
Mark Mondello: I can't – I wish I could, I can't, but we're well aware of that. And again, I think we do a pretty good job overall and I think it applies to the new business wins in terms of commercial terms and contracts with customers. I think we got a pretty good track record there.
Mark Mondello: Hi, Steve, it's Mark. Maybe you can help me little bit with your question. I think when I was kind of going through and indexing through the slides I thought what I had communicated and maybe I didn’t do a very good job of it is, is that the base business from 2018 that we just printed was right at 3.5% core op margin. And as we just step that base business from 2018 to 2019 we have fairly modest growth assumptions around that base business of about 2.5%. And I think what the slide showed is, is margins would actually expand about 20 basis points.
Mark Mondello: Yes, yes, but I didn’t understand question that way. That's just simply the product mix and where we at. There's a lot of dollars that we're ramping that aren't in the new business wins from years past. So that's all about time to maturity.
Mark Mondello: Okay. I think – and by the way, I think that's a consideration when we are talking about what could be in fiscal 2021 with us driving to $4 a share and four points of operating margin.
Mark Mondello: Yes. I think you're pushing your luck little bit. I think if you just referred back to – I think a good proxy for that is, if you saw and go back to both one of my slides and I think Mike duplicated the slide actually that kind of highlighted the four areas in terms of new wins and I would add to that, if I go back maybe 12 months to 18 months, we’ve also had some nice wins in the area of energy. So I’d say there's five to six end markets that are driving that.
Mark Mondello: Hey, Ruplu this is Mark. So this is a topic that we’ve been queried down quite a bit. So I’ll start kind of fundamentally. Calendar, late calendar 2017 and certainly all of calendar 2018 and we think probably the first three, four, five, six months of calendar 2019. For those of us that have been around this business for a long time, it has been what I would think is the most highly constrained, complicated, difficult component markets that we’ve seen. And when you go through that, it’s just -- it's hard, it's hard to plan production. It's hard to run your factories optimally. It does, it does, it does shake up kind of product mix and revenue. What it doesn't do so much for us though is we don’t tend to absorb the escalating costs. We have really good commercial terms. We split those risks with our customers; with some customers we recovered 100%. Some customers we split 50-50. So, for me, the constriction of material, the difficulty and the supply chain, the difficulty that does in terms of I don’t know what we are shipping today. We’re probably shipping $80 million to $100 million of hardware out of the company every day. It just makes running the network factories more complicated and I think that's where I think that's where some of the additional cost come from, not so much from the from the escalating components.
Mark Mondello: That's more just an illustrative plug. What I'm trying to show there is – as we index towards fiscal 2021 as the new wins from 2019 gets to maturity if you will, I just – we’re not going to be standing still, we are going to book new wins and that was nothing more than a plug number, the intention being that it doesn’t take a significant amount of new wins for us to make fiscal 2021 turnout, that’s all.
Mark Mondello: Well I think what’s going to happen is, is actually think the working capital is going to continue to expand on an absolute basis based on the $5 billion, $6 billion of growth that we’re seeing. But in terms of days and inventory and what not as the supply chain rationalizes, as we can run our factories in a more normalized basis, as we can serve our customers with our planning tools in a more normalized basis, that will improve but yes, the information in terms of both EBITDA in terms of free cash flow and cash flow from operations that we anticipate for 2019 and then the model illustration we showed for 2021 does anticipate that.
Mark Mondello: I’d just say that, I’d say the $3 a share again it’s a combination of both growth of the business, financial returns or op [ph] income tied to that business plus the share buyback and then of course tax and interest expense.
Mark Mondello: Yes, Jim I said we anticipate the deal to be neutral to core EPS for fiscal 2019. And then in terms of the $800 million that Mike talked about in CapEx for 2019 the J&J deals included in that number.
Mark Mondello: Yes, if you’re talking about 4Q of 2018, if I think through the math on that Jim, we overshot the midpoint of revenue by about $350 million. And then our midpoint on the operating line was about $200 million of core operating income. I think we published about 212, so we got about $12 million of Op income leverage on the 350, I don’t know what the math is, it feels to me like that's like three 3%, 3.5%. And then, the only reason we didn't get more leverage is again because of -- because of some of the early expense that Mike talked about in some of these ramps. But all-in-all when I look at the addition of revenue and the upside to the midpoint of our operating income, the leverage wasn’t bad.
Mark Mondello: Yes, at this point we don’t intend to break out the margins by sector. We’ll continue to break out the margins by DMS, EMS segment through fiscal 2019 and then we’ll see what we decide to do as we move into fiscal year 2020.
Mark Mondello: On the pricing side, I wouldn’t say there's no relief in pricing. I would say that the pricing environment we live in today is -- is this will sound like an interesting word, but it is normal as it’s ever been. And normal for us is – we’ve got to be creative, we got to come up with good solutions. We’ve got to earn our pay. But when I cut across the dozen or so sectors in the business, there's nothing there that is suggesting that we have issues with pricing, I don’t think really and anywhere in our business, and I think we’ve been very cautious and select in the new business awards. One point, I think I failed to mention. And I think it's important, as CEO of the company, I’ve not sat in the last 12 months to 14 months, I've not sat in one meeting and asked people to drive topline growth, not a single meeting. And I think that's a reflection of I don't want people to be confused, we’re not out chasing growth for the sake of growth. For me, our whole objective is to make the company more valuable within a reasonable time window. And again, I think we've expanded valuation, but we certainly I don't think have expanded it enough. So these wins, these $2 billion of wins are a direct reflection of the quality of services and solutions that are being accepted in the marketplace, but by no means are we out covering the streets or the salespeople trying to grab topline growth not, not in our strategy at all. In terms of the trade and tariff issue, I think that it continues to be a moving target. It depends -- you wake up one day and there's a tweet you wake up 48 hours later something else is going on. So it is a very complicated issue in terms of what's going to be, how bad will it get. There is conversation that it's just going to be, kind of a little bit of a tit for tat. And then there's people that have the opinion that it could extrapolate to something much bigger. If the trade tariff issues, and now I’m talking specifically with China, if those were to escalate in a way that we don't anticipate, but if they were, it absolutely is going to affect our business, as it will affect everybody's business. If the trade and tariffs end up continuing to be some posturing, going back and forth and there's some reasonable resolution to them over time, I think that Jabil is really really well-positioned. We have a wonderful global footprint. We got great capabilities. We are the largest kind of pure manufacturing company that U.S. domiciled I think in the world. All of our factories are connected with a single incident around our IT solutions. So we moved product and inventory around seamlessly every day. So in terms of, as we sit today, we probably run, I don’t know a dozen or so sensitivity scenarios for our customers every month and are very appreciative of that. Some have acted on it, some have not, but I try not to -- try not to get too obsessive about how bad things can get. With that said, we do, we do kind of do planning scenarios internally on what we would do, but assuming this thing doesn't blow up in a big way, I think Jabil is really well positioned to serve the marketplace in terms of trade and tariff issues.
Mark Mondello: Yes, you’re welcome. I actually like our free cash flow for 2019, I think in 2018 it was $250 million. It would have been greater than that if we weren’t dealing with the growth and weren’t dealing with the supply chain constraints. In 2019, I think what the slide suggested as we were going to expand free cash flow by about $100 million, or 40% year-on-year from 2018 to 2019, and then kind of the -- how it could be slide suggest the free cash flow could be something much greater than that in the $600 million range. So with all said and how we are running the business, all the different moving parts in terms of kind of what future cash flows could look like I'm quite pleased.
Michael Dastoor: I think our discipline on CapEx management has increased tenfold. We're totally focused on growth areas. I think one of the key things we're doing on diversification side is to focus on end markets where we're targeting high returns and that’s how we manage our CapEx flows as well. We do think working capital management is another area that we're focusing on and that's obviously helps our cash flow from ops. And now we feel really good about that.
Michael Dastoor: Hi, Amit, I'll take that. In my -- the ramp slide that I showed, I think I talked about some of those costs for ramps coming pre-revenue, so the costs are obviously – its production facilities, its pre-ramp costs, its things that we're doing in our sides before we even start manufacturing. So I indicated there's about $15 million to $20 million of those costs coming in the first half. So some of that is related to Q1 and some of it is Q2.
Michael Dastoor: Yes. So, we'll be able to share more detail and I actually want to share more detail over time. For now we're in – as you'll be familiar with kind of applicable consultative processes. And once we get through all that then we'll come out and provide a bit more detail and scope of the entire collaborative partnership. But again it’s – in my mind a very, very transformational strategic opportunity.
Michael Dastoor: We haven’t broken that out, Ruplu but I think it’s all across, it’s not in any – it’s not in any specific segment, obviously the growth areas will be ones that we focus and like I mentioned the diversification in the end markets we are trying to deliberately take action in certain end markets, so CapEx is more targeted towards that.
