Mark Mondello: So DMS is really comprised of our Green Point business and then packaging and healthcare. So as I said on my prepared comments, as we sit today, the healthcare business, the packaging business, it has a little bit longer product life cycles. Business tends to be a little bit more stable, somewhat more predictable and it's those three components that make up DMS. And I think I said in my prepared comments that year-on-year, our healthcare and packaging business in the aggregate or combined, will grow in the neighborhood of 15% in terms of core earnings from 2016 to 2017. 
Mark Mondello: Yes, again, what we're finding based on kind of shaking up, shaking up and throwing all of the customers on the table that we serve in the EMS business and it's extremely diverse, we're finding that business -- a little bit to our surprise, but it's more cyclical than we would have thought. It was cyclical last year. Last year if you look at Q1 in EMS and how it trended up through the year, I think a curve like that is appropriate for 2017.  So I think modeling our EMS business maybe in the low 3%s in Q1 and then aggregate it up sequentially over the year would make sense and that would give you kind of a DMS margin in Q1 around 5% and I think that's appropriate. And I wouldn't really consider it so much margin pressure as I would -- you take a look at kind of Q1 of 2016 to Q1 of 2017, revenue is down a bit. So it's not so much margin pressure. And as I mentioned in my prepared comments, overall, the relationship with Apple is strong and that would include kind of the overall economic framework we used with that customer. 
Mark Mondello: I might have missed it, maybe Forbes mentioned it. I didn't say anything about more moderate growth. But I'll jump on the question anyway. I think there's a little bit of a dislocation between the current U.S. markets and what we're seeing. In no way do I think our overall macro global environment is strong. I think the business is -- I don't know if I'd call it difficult, but let's just say kind of slowish. So I don't know if I'd characterize everything as modest or moderate. I think about, if we were to chop our business up into pieces, I think about a third of our business is growing in terms of double-digits, so pretty frothy. About a third of our business is growing at GDP like, maybe a little greater and then a third of our business is growing at GDP, to somewhat declining. So I think that would kind of characterize our business. And that's not really attached to DMS or EMS. It's just kind of looking across the 220 or 240 customers that we serve and the end market demand. But overall, again, we're not guiding for the year. But some of the commentary, I talked about with healthcare and packaging, EMS and then the first half I gave you, you should be able to dial your model in. And again, I think you can conclude from that, that 2016 to 2017 will be a modest growth on the top line. \
Mark Mondello: I don't know. We'll talk about it more in the December call. And the $2.50 I gave in free cash flow, just for clarity was not $250 million, it was $2.50 a share. I don't know what the math comes out on that, but that's probably $475 million to $500 million of free cash flow for the year. 
Mark Mondello: Yes, let me let Forbes answer that, Brian and then I'll add in if I have anything to add after Forbes addresses that. 
Mark Mondello: Let me add to that. So maybe one thing that would be a little bit helpful is on a sensitivity basis, take a look at FY '16. And I think we started the year thinking we would -- let me just give you kind of an illustration. Let's assume we started the year at thinking we'd do $750 million to $800 million in 2016. I think we ended the year about $630 million in terms of core operating income. So the sensitivity nature is, is with some variability and some uncertainty, you can have core operating income ebb and flow a significant portion of a percentage of the base. So you have $100 million coming off of $750 million, it's fairly substantial, but you look at the cash flow from operations last year. And it was still quite good and on a sensitivity model, if you take $100 million off of $900 million or $100 million off of $1 billion, it's just a little bit less sensitive based on how the business works, expanding and contracting working capital as Forbes had suggested. So if the whole world turned bad again on us the second half of 2017 which we don't expect, but if it did, would cash flows be affected? They would. But the sensitivity on earnings is much higher than it is on cash flows and therefore, we feel that it's reasonable to talk a bit about the cash flows. And we're going to defer the earnings for the year until later in the year. 
Mark Mondello: Yes, we'll talk more about that on Tuesday, Brian. What's different is, is we've taken a hard look at kind of what the landscape looked like in the first half of last year. And what we had as commentary, we're taking a look at what the landscape looks like right now and maybe being a bit more conservative in our forward-looking observations and guidance. The one thing I'd mention is, is I'm pretty pleased with the Q1 guidance. When you think about -- we haven't had too many $5 billion quarters in the history of the Company. I think if we executed to plan, Q1 of 2017 would only be the second quarter that we would have it $4.9 billion or $5 billion. And I think it would also only be the second time in the history of the Company, we had a quarter that delivered over $200 million or at $200 million of core operating income. But I think we're kind of looking at the landscape. We're aggregating up all the demand in front of us and we're offering up the best outlook or the most accurate outlook that we can. 
Mark Mondello: And Ruplu, one thing I would add to that is, we talked about a restructuring. The reason we're doing the restructuring is the payback on the activity, it's hard to ignore and I think it will be a very, very efficient payback. I think I said something like that in my prepared remarks. But nowhere in that restructuring are we anticipating or including any type of volume assets for our mobility space. And so, again, we're continuing to anticipate leveraging those assets in the back half of this year and as we move into FY '18. 
Mark Mondello: Yes, I'll tell you what I'd prefer is, is I have some opinions on that, but we'll plan to cover that next Tuesday in a lot of detail and a lot of depth. Not only will I have some thoughts on that, but the gentleman who runs that for us and his entire team will offer up a comprehensive thought on networking, energy, telco, optics, etcetera. 
Mark Mondello: Yes. So I'll break it up into two parts. Number one is, is I've been with the Company a long time. And any time we have to make decisions or we choose to make decisions around exiting individuals, it's a difficult decision. But it's a decision that aligns with our strategy. And in doing so, we, our priority, our first priority is treating our people with respect and dignity and so, I mention that, because there's individuals that have been impacted on the decisions. Breaking it up into two pieces, on the SG&A side, we continue to stress test and press ourselves on the five businesses that we run today and where do they stand in terms of resource and overhead as individual businesses relative to their end markets. And when we looked at that and then looked at the overall corporate costs that we had over the last six to nine months and we think strategically about where we're headed, we got after it pretty hard in terms of lots of discussions around, is there a little bit too much cost in the Company? Have we gotten a little bit too fluffy? Is it something where each business has resources in the right areas functionally? And that's what drove the SG&A side. Continuing on that, the payback on the headcount should be pretty quick. So we've actioned some of that already. I think most of the headcount actioning will be done in Q2 and Q3. So the payback on the headcount cash on cash will be fairly quick. If I talk about the second part of that which is really the infrastructure, networking footprint if you will and networking being kind of the nodes we have in our manufacturing. To kind of put that in perspective, we've got about $3.2 billion to $3.3 billion of PP&E in the Company today. So you can imagine as a manufacturer, we've got 180,000 people and we've got over $3 billion of PP&E. And so, I think it always makes sense to challenge ourselves and see, are all those assets required going forward, are we running them optimally, et cetera, et cetera? And so, to your point, on the balance, on the assets and the capacity, that will mostly be administrative clean-up at book and have a very, very small cash component to that. So again, for modeling purposes, for FY '17, I would think about a $20 million number. And then to Forbes' point on the $70 million to $90 million, I feel very, very good that that will end up being the savings. That will come through, again, headcount reductions, it will come through us repositioning some manufacturing from locations that maybe are more moderate in cost to lower cost. It will come from shadow costs. It will come from some general clean-up. And I would expect that we'll be at that savings run rate as we get to the back half of FY '18. 
Mark Mondello: No, not unchanged at all. And in fact, the last 2, 2.5 years, we've invested a lot of money bringing Chengdu online. And part of this restructuring activity will be to repurpose some of our manufacturing, clean up some of our manufacturing and really focus on Chengdu as a central manufacturing hub for Asia and we're really, really excited about how that may look in future years. 
Mark Mondello: Sure, Sherri. Just to clarify, right? And maybe you understood it correctly, but just I want to be sure. So in the June call, what I said was, is that our EMS business, first half of 2016 to first half of 2017, we thought that business would grow at a core operating line 3% to 4%. What I'm saying now and on this call is, is that we think EMS year-on-year, so all of 2016 compared to all of 2017, will probably grow more like 5% to 6% in terms of core operating income.  So last year, we did around $370 million I think in EMS. If you just struck a midpoint to that and said, okay, what Mark's saying is, is they did $370 million or so in 2016, multiply that by 1.055 and that would be a good barometer for FY '17 in terms of EMS. And then just roughly, if you layered in the four quarters revenue-wise to be similar to FY '16, I think that would be a reasonably good model. And then, what I said on top of that was, is for the entire FY '17, I thought that the core operating margins for EMS would be 3.4% to 3.5%. 
Mark Mondello: No. If you did a scattergram on that, Sherri, it's really all over. And it really wasn't tied to, if you will, any specific businesses. I pulled my whole staff together for six months of meetings. We talked a lot about our three year strategy. And then, we had a lot of discussion from a geographic standpoint, from a cost standpoint, from where business was headed. And so, I wouldn't characterize it as one segment or another or one business or another. It's across the whole Company. 
Mark Mondello: Right now, we're just not going to talk about the back half, Amit. And I appreciate and so understand your question. Could it be? Yes. Could it not be? Yes, but I think as we get to the December call, there's a lot of moving parts. I know you're really close to the mobility space. You can appreciate it. We'll have a better sense as we get to the December call, on how the back half looks. 
Mark Mondello: We feel good about 50 years as well. Feels like 350 years sometimes, but anyway. Jim, I don't think I gave any commentary around overall sales for FY '17 and neither did Forbes, I don't believe. What I think we did say is, is that you can get to it, you can kind of get to an overall EMS number. If you think about the fact that I talked about core operating income for the year being up around 5%, 6% -- you want to be conservative in your models, use 5%, 5.5% and I said the margins would be 3.4%, 3.5%. So take the core operating income, divide by the margin and you can get yourself a pretty accurate, I think, revenue number for EMS as we sit today and the way we see the outlook. In terms of DMS, though, we didn't give any guidance at all for the year, nor will we and we might, as we get to the December call, but we'll see how things look. In terms of Q1, Jim, we didn't talk much about overall sales detail, other than to give you a number which would suggest that our DMS revenues are down quarter to quarter, Q1 2016 to 2017 and our EMS top line is about flat. And again, even with that, Q1 2016 was what I would kind of characterize a bit of a blow-out quarter. And I feel really good about the guidance we're offering today on Q1 of 2017. 
Mark Mondello: Steve, on your first question, I think our Q4 came in largely as we expected. So as far as a drag on gross margins, I just don't see it that way. Q4 largely was just like we expected it to be. We knew it would be, again, an investment quarter and a ramp quarter. In terms of does DMS ever get back to, quote, normalized margins, let's see what happens this quarter and then again as we move through the year, we'll look at that and we'll talk a bit about that in discussions on Tuesday. In terms of the CNC gear, not going to give you a breakdown of all that, other than to say that there's no volume CNC gear that is anticipated at all in the restructuring. And so, by kind of the sheer nature of that comment, I think it's a pretty fair assumption to think that over the next couple years, we'll continue to have all that equipment well consumed. 
Mark Mondello: I don't know if I'd consider it step function, but, yes, pretty bullish. I think in my prepared comments, I talked about healthcare and packaging year-on-year being up 15% on a core earnings line. That's pretty substantial in this environment. So I would read into that bullishness for sure and we've really never broken that out. Maybe as we get to the December call, I can tell you it's starting to become material and we're really happy with what we've built over the last two or three years and where that's headed. We'll talk in depth about the strategy around packaging and healthcare on Tuesday. And then maybe as we move through the year, either the December call or March call, we'll at least start giving you a little bit more color on top line in those areas. But yes, I think your read on that is, yes, not step function but good bullishness around healthcare and packaging. 
Mark Mondello: Sean, I give you credit. I'm thinking to myself, how many different ways could they ask about us providing guidance for the year, that was pretty clever. And the answer is, is you've got a lot of information around our healthcare and packaging business. You've got a lot of information around our EMS business and we'll give you better color around the year hopefully in December. 
Mark Mondello: On the program wins, let's wait until Tuesday and I think you'll get a sense of the energy and what's going on. In terms of providing any more detail and color around, again the healthcare and packaging side, I'll again say, that it's an area of focus for us. And as we sit today, we're pretty encouraged by that. So I guess, I'll leave it at that. And again, as we get further through the year, I think it's a fair expectation that we'll provide a bit more color around those two aspects of the business, because they'll start to become more and more material. 
Forbes Alexander: Yes, just given our demonstrated abilities to manage working capital, feel pretty comfortable with that guidance of $1 billion-plus of operational cash flow. And whilst we're not giving full guidance for the year, I think I'd remind everyone that with our business model, whether one sees volatility in terms of that top line that's contraction and working capital on the way down which releases cash and a very positive cash flow model for the Company. And then on the way up, if you will, particularly in our DMS business, you see the benefits of utilizing that asset base which obviously drives more EBITDA there. So again, either side of that, I feel very comfortable that we'll generate north of $1 billion of operational cash flow this coming year. 
Forbes Alexander: We've been making significant investments over the last two fiscal years and the CapEx range that I gave in my prepared remarks is significantly less than these last two fiscal years. So no, we expect our CapEx this year to be in the range of $500 million to $600 million and feel very comfortable about that. We've taken our thinking in terms of -- as we see product transitions moving through calendar 2017 into account there, I'd say we've got some great scale and technical capability capacity in place and feel comfortable with that $500 million to $600 million range. 
Forbes Alexander: Yes. It did come down pretty dramatically this quarter. Based on our performance, we're not going to see vesting. So U.S. GAAP forces one to write back that expense. So really as we're moving forward, I think I'd model somewhere in the region of $60 million for FY '17. Think of that roughly $15 million a quarter, something like that. 
Forbes Alexander: Yes, absolutely. As I talked about $500 million to $600 million in CapEx, our D&A is running what, closer to $700 million, something of that nature. So, yes, a nice delta there and we think about that through 2018 also. So as I said, feel very comfortable with the free cash flow number that Mark discussed and cash flow from operations north of $1 billion. 
Forbes Alexander: There will be, I think the majority of it will be through the SG&A line. There will be some through the gross margin, clearly with some of the capacity realignment. So sort of think of it, maybe 80/20, 70/30, something like that, SG&A to gross margin. 
Forbes Alexander: In terms of the segments, Jim, yes, we'll cover that next week, as Mark said, there was a reference, we're having some of our leads of business present. And we'll certainly give you an overview of that. As we move into Q1, the guidance would suggest it's at the lower end of the range, that long-term range that we've had out there in the low 5%s. But as I say, we'll give you a little bit more color on that next Tuesday. 
