Timothy Main: Well, there's timing. Let me talk about first the actions that we take and then maybe some experiences that might be instructive. In the short term, the first things that we can do are focused on productivity and cost reduction within the sites themselves, and we'll be working on that diligently immediately. Secondly, is to make sure that the present customers in the sites are well served and hopefully enhance those relationships in order to give them confidence that we cannot only supply their current requirements, but also potentially expand the business. Third, we look at the unique characteristics of the sites and develop a business plan that is sustainable and target customers and markets that can support the cost structure and take advantage of any unique capabilities that the sites might have. Another experience for Jabil is our U.S. operations today are profitable. I believe every single site in the United States is profitable. So even though we went through a period of retrenchment in the U.S., we closed a site in Billerica, Massachusetts, by working on middle market accounts aggressively and working on things like NPI [new product introduction] services in plants like Michigan and really working in healthcare and areas of the business that need a U.S. presence, we've actually developed a pretty robust and profitable business here in the U.S. We decided to forgo that opportunity in Europe because the market is a little bit different, a little more challenging to make those things work in Western Europe, but now that we own the sites again, we're going to have to revisit all of those plants and really aggressively go after it. So initially, short-term, it's cost reduction in the current customers and then longer-term over the next three, four, five quarters, it's really working diligently on new markets for the sites.
Timothy Main: Well I wouldn't say that we have a separate strategy for tablets. We do business with some of the best smartphone companies in the world today, and I think the unique capabilities of our Materials Technology Group at Jabil Green Point and their ability to work with new materials, a combination of materials like glass and metals and plastics and other alternative materials, these are the types of things that tablet makers and smartphone makers are very, very interested in. So I think that our growth in smartphones and tablets will come together and continue to be pretty robust for the next few years.
Timothy Main: It's showing a little bit more growth than you might expect over the last couple of quarters, but please appreciate that for the customers that we have in High Velocity, we are an attractive choice for them, and we need to support their requirements. So to the extent our customers in that area grow, we're going to grow with them, but that is not an area that we're targeting a lot of new business development activity.
Timothy Main: Right. The long-term target is 5% to 10%, which really represents kind of a secular growth rate with the existing customer base. And I think that the big thing in terms of, if you kind of average that out with the current mix of business, it results in a 13% to 15% year-over-year growth rate. And last quarter, I think we indicated that based on those growth targets, that we were likely to hit a $20 billion or more revenue level by fiscal 2014, fiscal 2015. I think the change is that we're doing it a heck of a lot better this year, and we're going to significantly exceed those long-term growth rates in all three segments. Therefore, we're really kind of pulling in the date at which, the year in which we will likely hit a $20 billion run rate. So it's not guidance. It's simply applying the logic of what our long-term growth objectives are to our current state of affairs, and taking a look at what this business might look like in a couple of years if we were able to achieve those aspirations.
Timothy Main: I'll have to answer the second part of that question first. We do expect margins to rebound somewhat in the second half of the year in terms of the performance in Q2. Really it's a range, it’s 6% to 8%, we're actually pleased that it continues in that range. And I think you can see some variation in, particularly in Diversified Manufacturing Services, some variation plus or minus quarter to quarter based on levels of production and what we might be doing in terms of new product launches, et cetera. In terms of the last quarter, we did have a little weakness in semiconductor capital equipment that was a little bit less than anticipated, and making investments, particularly in Specialized Services, to support continued growth in Specialized Services in the second half of the year. So if you take a look at where the margins were in the second quarter versus the midpoint, it's about $10 million of additional income. And you consider $3 million to $4 million in semi-cap and some of the other areas of Instrumentation that might have been a little bit weaker in Q2 with the balance of it being expenses and investments to support more aggressive ramp of production in the second half of the year. So we'd expect that picture to brighten a bit in Q3 and Q4.
Timothy Main: To be very sanitary about this, we are not baking in significant supply disruptions from Japan. Our normal process is to take a fairly conservative view of our forward-looking guidance. And if you look at the last -- I believe that we've operated high end or exceeded the high end of our revenue range in six of the last seven quarters. So that should give you an idea that we would typically take a fairly conservative view of revenue guidance to begin with. It's conceivable that there are scenarios where the impact from Japan would be very minimal or slight, and that our guidance accommodates that impact. It can also be conceivable that the impact could be very significant, in which case we would suffer a greater deal than what's anticipated. So we are taking our normal conventional typical conservative view on revenue guidance and not baking in anything specific to Japan. It doesn't mean that with some disruption, we might not be able to operate within that range to begin with or in the end, but it's kind of the way we've looked at it.
Timothy Main: Yes, I mean this just looks pretty good. I mean overall demand looks pretty good. I think we continue to see a continuing recovery in North America, so pretty good demand all around. And in our Enterprise & Infrastructure, some of the new business wins are particularly strong in the wireless infrastructure area, particularly in emerging markets and, secondarily, gaining share in new programs in the storage market. So those two parts of the Enterprise & Infrastructure business are showing very robust activity right now.
Timothy Main: Just a small correction. Operating margin, not gross margin. Because we report operating margins in this area.
Timothy Main: And I want to go back to this topic. There's a reason that we don't provide guidance on a gross margin basis because for years, for the last 10 years, we've said we really don't regard that as a meaningful metric for us. There is significant changes business to business, program to program, customer to customer in terms of the material content and the revenue stream, and that's really the primary determinative of gross margin. We're really focused on operating margin. As diversified manufacturing services increase from 30% to 35%, our operating margins have followed suit from 3.7% to 4.4% for the first half of this year. So very significant improvement in the operating performance of the business. And really, gross margin is not a metric that we track. We don't regard it as significantly meaningful.
Timothy Main: It would take a very significant deterioration in inventory turn, which is really the only difference between the DMS area as being the more working capital intensive than the other areas of the business. It would take a significant deterioration in the company's inventory turns overall to jeopardize our performance in free cash flow and the expectations of free cash flow, and we just don't see that happening.
Timothy Main: The first part of your question was about supply constraints, and I thought you were talking about components but you shifted to. . .
Timothy Main: Yes. I think, particularly in the Materials Technology Group, there were some significant investments made in 2010 and because of the success of that investment and the growing revenue there, there have been some additional investments. I would think that, that will start to slow down, maybe certainly in fiscal 2012. I think we're looking at CapEx rate of $100 million a quarter kind of CapEx rate. You're probably likely to see that the next couple of quarters. But as we absorb that very rapid growth, I think that rate will start to slow down a bit. And the payback periods are relatively conventional and nothing out of the ordinary for us.
Timothy Main: Just to be clear, Wamsi, the Jabil Green Point is in the Diversified Manufacturing Services area. You're probably saying is businesses outside of the Mobile Internet business. And we do have some of the unique capabilities in applied ingenuity and innovation capabilities that Jabil Green Point directed towards our Healthcare business and Life Sciences business. We think that will be very beneficial over the next few years, and help to differentiate Jabil's solution relative to other competitors and providers in our space. That said, that slope rate -- the next slope rate is not going to be nearly as rapid as their core businesses today. I think they will start to pay dividends -- well it's starting to pay dividend already, actually. There are new program wins that we're winning because of their capability today, and will become more material through our results in 2012 and 2013 as we continue to provide that integration. I wasn't clear on the question about Enterprise & Infrastructure, though, how that's related, if you could repeat that part of your question.
Timothy Main: It will continue to be reported in Diversified Manufacturing Services. And the areas of differentiation beyond the Mobile Internet are also in Diversified Manufacturing Services like Healthcare and Instrumentation and Industrial & Clean Tech. The diversification of their capabilities from Mobile Internet were in addition to the Mobile Internet products that they built today are in those two business areas specifically.
Timothy Main: We made significant investments in fiscal 2010 that investment has continued in 2011 as success in that area has proven out. So I have to be -- I really can't answer specific questions about specific investments because that can get tied directly to customers and certain programs and aren't really -- not at liberty to do that.
Timothy Main: We do not intend to provide any mid-quarter updates. And information continues to come in and become more discrete and granular. But we're not sure when it -- the behavior in the industry is such that people scramble like crazy. And you may not know until very late in the game and at any particular moment when a certain component will break free or the design engineers have come up with a design around, or an alternative component that requires some qualification. And you may be thinking that there's a significant impact to the business and then the qualification takes place with an alternative component, then suddenly you're able to run 24/7 and recover those deliveries. So it's really difficult even over the course of the quarter to provide any type of quantification. I think that I look at where this happened, and the people of Japan have shown culturally and historically have shown tremendous resilience. And I've got a lot of friends in Japan and our own employees and, gosh, if there's a group of people on the planet that will work 24 hours a day to recover schedules and capabilities on behalf of customers, these folks will do it. So it's likely to be in certain areas that scramble all quarter. And we just can't quantify that impact, and it'd be almost reckless for us to predict when we'd be able to provide any further guidance.
Timothy Main: And there’s no reason -- I might just also add, though, there's no reason to think -- if it ends up being an enormous impact, it's going to be an enormous impact for everybody. There's no reason to think that the impact of Jabil is going to be any different than anyone else's. And if the impact seems to be minimal and all the major OEMs in the world seem to be running at about the levels, there's no reason to think that we’ll be a heck of a lot different than that either. So our diversification, our capabilities, large Global Supply Chain strength, the ability to proactively work with customers, and potentially proactively help our smaller customers with workarounds in different components, I think are significant assets to Jabil and significant capabilities that will help us. So I think that -- I don't think that investors should think that there's anything unique about Jabil that would expose us to risks that are any different than the industry at large.
Timothy Main: A lot of talk so far. We'll see. Renewable energy, the world goes through cycles on these types of things. And we've seen cycles up and down, but I would think that renewable energy will enjoy a good cycle after this.
Timothy Main: Really, I hate to use -- using the term market share gains is a little bit of a misnomer. I mean we have enjoyed some new business wins that would be ramping in the mass production, and it's principally with existing customers.
Timothy Main: The interesting thing about DMS, Sherri, is that the secular trend to outsource the design manufacture and support of Healthcare & Instrumentation, Clean Tech and Industrial Products is increasing a great deal. So the penetration rate of our industry into that $500 billion available market is really only in the 10% to 15% range. So market share is much less of an issue in that area. It's really a growing market, a rapidly growing market. And the companies that can differentiate their capabilities will enjoy a greater portion of that overall market growth. And really, we think that’s -- what we're in a great position to do is to leverage our capabilities and unique differentiators that we have to garner more of the growth that's flooding into the marketplace and, really, put up strong numbers over the next few years.
Timothy Main: It's really principally, that 20% to 30%, is principally about the growth of the market and our ability to develop a very strong franchise in that growing market. That's much, much less about market share.
Timothy Main: The Healthcare & Life Science area has been a pretty robust new business pipeline, so there will be some investments there to support programs. And then healthcare programs ramp very slowly, but will contribute more in 2012 and 2011. But we will see that business area start to growth again in the second half of the year, and then continued investment with the existing customers.
Timothy Main: The big CapEx in 2010 was directed to Diversified Manufacturing Services, and that has fully ramped up into a complete utilization. And again, because of the success from that business area, we're making new investments. And our CapEx rate is likely to continue at $100 million for the next couple of quarters. On the depiction of the second half of 2011, that isn't necessarily an accurate depiction of the business mix, and we certainly don't mean to imply that high velocity is going to fall by half. So if you take a look at the full year 2011, that's probably a little better visual on how we would expect the year to end up. A little better performance in diversified manufacturing services and high velocity, and some pretty good growth in Enterprise & Infrastructure. We were already -- if you take a look at our guidance, we've got three-quarters of the year kind of in the barn, so there's no significant distortion that's going to happen in the fourth quarter. So that's kind of a boot on our part. We will try and make that pictorially more accurate next quarter.
Timothy Main: I think you could -- specifically, how we came up with the $8.4 billion, and you can do this math or we can talk about it later and just make sure we have the right numbers. So it's the actual results for the first half. Okay? And taking the midpoint of our guidance, so we said 6% growth in diversified manufacturing services, 8% growth in Enterprise & Infrastructure and 3% for high velocity. So just extend the percentages of the business in the first half, apply those sequential growth rates for the third quarter. And then for the fourth quarter, apply the midpoint of the long-term growth objectives, which is 20% to 30% in Diversified Manufacturing Services and 5% to 10% in High Velocity and Enterprise & Infrastructure. And that's how you come up with the number.
Forbes Alexander: Well I think, Craig, this juncture, we're at the low end of the range this quarter, which is very gratifying in a sequentially down and a seasonal down revenue. So still some work to do there, keeping that 2%, 2.5% range, we've anticipated that in the back half of the year. But we'll view these opportunities on their own merit as they come to us. What I would comment is our strategy around diversification has not changed. Of course, we are hitting all these targets and the range targets for each of our three segments, but we're still driving towards our goal of Diversified Manufacturing Services business, that’s running 50% of the overall revenue stream longer term. So that hasn't changed, and we will continue to focus on driving more margin across each of these segments.
Forbes Alexander: Sure. So in terms of SG&A, it is marginally more. I think we've done a real good job over the last four or five quarters of leveraging that SG&A base, and we also made $120 million a year -- a quarter, excuse me. As we move forward, you're going to see that just come up a little bit, guidance for next quarter is about 3.1%, so consistent with Q2. What that does is add about $6 million of expense there, $4 million associated with the plants in France and Italy, and a little bit of room for growth there to support the continuing growth across our Enterprise. R&D, nothing particular there. We’ve got various activities and programs that move in and out. I think, as you know, design can be a little bit more challenging to predict exactly where some of these programs launch and finish. So nothing particular there, and we'll continue to see that as we move forward. In terms of the tax rate, that came in lower than we’d expected, and that's really being driven by the sources of revenue and income on a geographic basis. So we'd expect that, given what we see today as we move forward, to be in right about 17% as we move forward to the balance of this fiscal year. I would drive one’s attention to we do still have some tax holidays in various geographies in Asia. And even with the impact of operations in France and Italy, I think we can still achieve that 17% as we move forward.
Forbes Alexander: Yes, about 1.5% of next quarter's midpoint of guidance, so right about $60 million of revenue. And it’s a range on it of losses $5 million to $10 million, depending on the level of performance and our ability to structure our long-term business plans.
Forbes Alexander: I expect to be higher on the front end on it, and more in the back end as we put our funds in place.
Forbes Alexander: Not really. I mean it came in a little bit weaker. I think it's only $20 million, $25 million weaker than the guidance we've provided with. On that book of business, it is by nature, if you look at the handsets, set-top boxes and printing products, and by its very nature, it is a volatile business, it is a Consumer Line business. So slightly weaker at $20 million, $25 million. Nothing that jumps out there. It’s just really around that volatility. I think it's pretty close to our expectations.
Forbes Alexander: Yes, so to answer the question, yes, we have got a great leverage on our SG&A that vary on the cost. And it is around these investments. I think in some of the areas of Specialized Services, there is some element of lag in terms of these investments we're making there until we get these multiple products launched, up and running. So some lag there, maybe a quarter or two. And as we've said, we had capital investments, majority of the investments $200 million plus. The last couple of quarters has been directed towards Diversified Manufacturing Service and, in particular, our Specialized Services arena. So we continue to see that as we move forward into Q3. But we would expect that gross margin expansion as we move into the back half of this fiscal year.
Forbes Alexander: Overall, I think we stand by from the targets we have given. I think previously, we talked about a 25%, 35% free cash flow number versus EBITDA. That based off of business that we grow long-term about 15% to 20%. Of course, we're not giving guidance for our fourth quarter. I think there's opportunity that we would certainly grow beyond the high end of that long-term target this fiscal year given the first half performance and our Q3 guidance. So on an overall basis, I think there is certainly opportunity to drive free cash flow to around about the 20% level. If one sort of backs into the math there on a consistent growth rate, 10% to 15%, that would equate to that 30% ratio. So really to summarize, I think there's opportunity here to produce free cash flow this fiscal year around about 20% of overall EBITDA.
Forbes Alexander: In addition, our upper markets, business there's some nice new wins there. We're hoping they'll continue investments also.
