Tim Main: Right. You know, great question. First of all, cost escalation in China is really not a new thing and there will be – Yuan has been appreciating against the dollar for the last three, four years. And taxes have been going up. Wage rates have been going up continuously. Minimum wages were increased several times over the last couple of years. Now, having said all that, we have been paying folks in our China operations generally above the minimum wage. You know the cost escalation that we’ve seen recently removes the bit of the cushion but we think that impact to our business we see no labor strife, no demonstrations, no strikes, no other disruptions to our production. And we’ll deal with that on a basis as it comes up and presents itself to us, but we don’t expect any disruptions to our business. And we are very proud of the way we treat our people and the way we pay our people and work our people. So, we think we are in good shape there particularly relative to some of the practices of companies that are headquartered and based in that part of the world. Having said that, we think it makes heck of a lot of sense for Jabil to continue to maintain a global manufacturing footprint. We have a very competitive site in Penang, Malaysia, competitive site in Vietnam, competitive sites in India. And we have great sites in Eastern Europe and in Mexico. Continued escalation of cost particularly in China for a large scale production of big IT equipment, for example, will make operations in Mexico and Eastern Europe look a little bit better. And I think the decisions that OEMs will have to make about where a product gets built, how the supply chains come together is going to become more complex as the playing field goes through some fundamental changes. And I think we are at the end of one era here of go vertical big in one locational world and that’s China. And that’s the answer to your supply chain. I mean that’s been kind of the decade from 2000 and where we are today. That curve [ph] is inflated, it’s over. Everybody is in China. Everybody is where they need to be in the world. Nobody has got an advantage in terms of the labor cost or base cost. And now it’s, how effective you are in managing the supply chain, how effective you are at transparently running through the various manufacturing ops and then being execute and deliver on delivering products that will be manufactured in multiple plants around the world and how responsible you are – responsive you are in managing demand and supply chain networks. So we think it’s the beginning of a new era and that era will be more complex and play to the hands of companies that have sophisticated IT systems and a broad based global footprint.
Tim Main: Yes, we are really – the margin expansion we talked about for the last year was really from a trough quarter. So we are not really talking about margin expansion much anymore. We think 3.8%; we are in the zip code of where we expect it to be at this point in terms of revenue. We think we can continue to expand profitability longer term through portfolio management and leveraging SG&A expenses (inaudible) quarter to quarter it depends on the mix of our business. So no leverage metrics to track any more.
Tim Main: I can't help you much not because I wouldn’t like to but in terms of quarter to quarter we had a very robust recovery in mobility and that’s due to –due primarily to good demand, but also a broadening of our portfolio and the number of products that we build for a small set of customers in that sector. So that was important. We saw 12%, 13% sequential growth in the instrumentation and industrial and medical sector, which is a very strong growth, the second double digit sequential growth that we’ve seen in consecutive quarters. That’s all organic growth that existing customers’ share of wallet, new assemblies, all that kind of stuff. You know, the rest of it was just kind of a rising tide and organic growth. We are seeing more service adoption and the new business wins velocity is increasing. So, we feel pretty good about that.
Tim Main: So about – I think we believe that it’s about 30% to 31% of our production ends up in Europe is bound of Europe. So it’s based on European consumption. Right now we’ve seen very little change to forecast, very little impact. Not to say that we won't, I mean we always have to be cautious. But I think that the hysteria that was going around a couple of weeks ago is probably over blown I mean that the major economies in Europe that are may be struggling with (inaudible) are showing some growth (inaudible) countries like Greece and Spain and Portugal are very important. They are just not as big economies as France, Germany, U.K., Italy and the Scandinavian countries and it’ just –we think to put things in proportion, we are not seeing any kind of major disruptions in our business.
Tim Main: No we are seven turns. You know our sales cycle is consistent with the previous quarter and so really what you are seeing here are heavier inventory investments and customers really mitigating the risk associated with those inventory investments with faster receivable collections and kind of on a very cautious basis. So we are able to manage our sales cycle in a period of a higher level of inventory investment. Having said that, we think inventory investment at this point is very – is a smart investment. It’s very little risk, it helps JABIL and our customers to optimize and capture as much revenue as they can while the demand is there. The material – the continuity of supply issues are still – are still there before the market. I mean component shortages are spreading across multiple industry sectors. We are still – it’s still very challenging to manage mix. And so we are hand and month in a number of areas. All the inventory is purchased through a customer purchase order so there is very little down side risk to it in terms of ownership.  We have a demonstrated ability and a 90-day window to liquidate inventory. To the extent that business closed down, we’ll be able to liquidate that investment very rapidly, so it is not driven by any – you asked about mobility. It’s not driven by any particular industry segments. When I look at may be IT areas and higher mix segments of our mix, little bit slower inventory turns and the higher velocity parts of our business it’s always been true. But anywhere you see a higher mix business, we are carrying additional inventory and we think that’s a smart investment and we’ll continue to work, try to work that level back up to an eight turns and – but for right now we think it’s a very low risk investment for us.
Tim Main: Well, the assembly side of the business, the EMS side of mobility will grow faster. It’s a – you know you are talking about an electronic assembly with a much higher bill of material content than mechanical components. So that’s a higher revenue, lower margin, higher asset velocity business. And on the mechanical side, it tends to be higher margin, higher investment, actually pretty good velocity in terms of being a high volume low mix business but a higher fixed asset investment per dollar or revenue than what you see in the EMS assembly side of mobility. So, when we get burst [ph] in demand you’ll see the revenue grow higher in the EMS side than you will the mechanical side. Having said that, we are in a period of very strong expansion of our mechanics business and we continue to ramp production there and we’ll continue through the August quarter and into the November quarter. So, we are still very excited about the – what’s on the horizon for us there.
Tim Main: It’s – you know by my definition it should be better than 3.8 but there will be a lot of moving parts over the next few years. So we do think – really the point there is from here, now that we are at 22 going to 25% return on invested capital, we are right around a 4% operating margin. If not next quarter then certainly within a clear shot of where we are today. The question becomes is there – where do we go from here? How do we get additional margin expansion, better profitability in the business, and incrementally that will come from leveraging SG&A expenses and shifting our portfolio more towards those higher mix, lower volume segments, just a little bit more value-add rich.Wamsi Mohan – Banc of America: Great. Thanks a lot.
Tim Main: Right. Well, you know, I think it’s rational and reasonable to think that commodities – that the cycle of commoditization continues and I – we don’t expect a lot of margin erosion in the more mature sector, but they are definitely be more cost focused and efficiency focused. So, driving cost out of the system, lean manufacturing, more collaborative design, shifting the services from assembly and fulfillment to assembly, fulfillment, and aftermarket services and collaborative design and the other things that we can do as a business to add to our value proposition for customers there. I think it’s rational to think that as healthcare, life sciences, clean tech continue to grow in size and scale to our industry that there will be some commoditization there as well. So there should be some offsetting commoditization and margin erosion over long period of time. Having said that, if you really kind of do the math and think about tech [ph] correctly I think you are thinking the right way about it, I believe. If you are 3.8% to 4% today and you are able to continue to drive lean manufacturing to support mature segments, and you are able to rapidly grow these emerging sectors then we should be moving beyond 4%, closer to that 5% over time.
Tim Main: Right. Yes, those are great questions. You know we generally are better at forecasting our revenue. I think we did a – may be a – we didn’t do a very good job handicapping in a number of risk factors into our Q3 guidance. We were in a very tight material market, we still are, but very tight material market, a number of complex launches of mobility platforms that we weren’t sure how quickly they’d come out of the gates. And they did a little bit better than expected. And we just are winning more business than may be we have historically counted on. So I think all of those things combined really surprises a little bit on the revenue side. I think this time as we look at Q4, we always try and be a little bit conservative but we are trying to give you a pretty fair picture of where we think the revenue strength is and what the quarter is actually likely to turn out and trying to not handicapping as much of the risk factors and as maybe we did in the May quarter. Some good reasons for that, mobility platforms have launched, we kind of know where they are. We are doing a better job of managing the material constraints using tools that we have and demand, supply chain optimization. We are doing a better job of I think communicating what customers can expect from us in terms of throughput and therefore expectations in providing commitments to their customers. So, all of that leads us to a little bit more of a – little bit more confidence around the kind of sequential growth that we are forecasting for the August quarter.
Tim Main: Yes, it’s a fair point. 1% is definitely not at a targeted margin. And I would expect that business on an annual basis to be in the 2.5% o to 3.5% range. And we are going through some – we are actually going through some costly ramps and a significant ramp of a costly program in the mechanical area of the business and launching a number of new programs still in the August quarter in the electronic assembly side. So that’s definitely lot of pressure on the margin side. I think by the time we get into the November quarter, I would expect much better margin performance from that part of the business.
Tim Main: We are not marketing it broadly right now. We are very, very into the launching the program that we are responsible for now and similar to the medical discussion we think that’s something we – I’d ask people to (inaudible) thinking about in terms of quarterly buckets [ph] and think a little bit longer term. We’ll be very busy with the ramp that we are going through right now through the August quarter. I think throughput and expectations will be much closer to where we wanted to be by the November quarter and really about early in calendar 2011 we’ll be able to may be sit back and look at hey, let’s approach other customers in other industry sectors to see if e can broaden the appeal of that investment. So, we are probably six to nine months away from being (inaudible).
Tim Main: Yes, sure, we talked probably actually in a previous question that the supply constraints continue and really haven’t improved much from the February quarter. Kind of a same-same and it’s really gone into sectors like goods and even healthcare customers are seeing some issues in getting supplies. So that’s been difficult. So, look, I mean it’s – if we look at it, we think that an additional investment of – an additional investment in inventory right now is a smart bet for us. Again, it allows us do a better job of managing mix, it allows us to help customers capture revenue in the marketplace and it’s just too difficult to predict at this point day to day what’s going to show up and what we can ship. So – and demand is going up. So, it’s a very low risk way for us to hedge against component shortages. So it definitely has something to do with why we are seven turns and not eight or nine.
Tim Main: That’s fair. You know, it isn’t an incomplete kit on a single program customer because of a single device. Broadly speaking though, it is because people are fearful of incomplete kits and being lying down. So a more significant investment in inventory allows us to do a better job of managing mix. So people need to realize that I think it’s 70%, 80% of our output is still from lot quantities of 100 or less. May be it’s 200 or less; a very, very high mix business today. But it’s cost to manage a high mix business in an environment of material constraint. And I think if you look at people in our peer group, something like Flex probably turns inventory I am not sure what it is, but four or five times. I think they are running a business that’s kind of a proxy for what our instrumentation, industrial, and medical segment would look like and you know so it’s just it’s tough to get good inventory velocity even though revenue is going up in an environment where material constraints are so looking around every corner. So, it is a strategic investment. Customers are asking us to do that. We are responding with additional investments. The sales cycle has been expanding appreciably as many customers are mitigating the additional investment in inventory with accelerated accounts receivable payments. And we’ll continue to work closely with customers to mitigate our risk and yet allow them to capture as much revenue as they can.
Tim Main: No, I think we are pretty set in terms of where we think it’s smart for us to invest in vertical integration. Again, I think over time, the Materials Technology Services area of our business and that’s really an intentional new brand for that part of our business and it connotes the strategic intent to broaden the mechanical operations there into the healthcare industry, life sciences and other important parts of our business. So, that’s just, it’s more than just a label change for us. It does have meaning to it. It won't be meaningful to the overall business for the next – for another year or so. And we think that’s important. In terms of vertical integration, I think on a – one off, here and there joint venture to provide enclosures in a particularly difficult field [ph], localizing supply chains, for instance in India. When we first started building set top boxes in India, we invested in a present – in a current mechanical supplier to place in operation in India in order to localize the supply chain. So here and there we’ll find parts of the world where the supply base is inadequate locally and make investments to ensure ourselves of world-class supply. But other than that I don’t expect to see – you should expect us to make any additional big investments in vertical integration.
Tim Main: Yes, if anything we had margin headwinds from the mobility area because the growth in electronic assembly was much more robust than the mechanical side. And we are growing through the ramp process with that mechanical investment. So don’t expect that to be profitable during the ramp period. And so if anything, we had headwinds there. And I think it’s, we have overdrive, very good efficiencies in the rest of the business and deliver a 50 basis point improvement on operating margins. So we felt that was at least a pretty decent performance given the circumstances.
Tim Main: I don’t think there is any reason that what you are saying isn’t true. What you are saying probably is true. We just haven’t provided any guidance beyond the August quarter and we try not to back into that and I know people are going to struggle kind of what the heck am I going to put in my 2011 model now. Company is doing about $4 billion of revenue and – that implies at least $16 billion number in 2011 and what kind of operating margins like, yes, we’ll provide as much help as we can when we get to the September call. That’s what we can do right now. I mean I wouldn’t argue with you a lot. There is lots and lots of risk in the business. You know there is lots of things that can go up in the night. There is – you know there is still people say there is going to be double dip and we don’t see that. So – I think what we are saying is to say don’t ever expect us to go over 4%. It’s – this economic model works great where we are. I mean if we do 3.8% to 4% operating margins in the August quarter, we are going to drive 25% return on invested capital. I mean at that level of loan and a $16 billion 2011, we’ll drive almost $1 billion in EBITDA and probably drive 30% to 35% free cash flow after paying interest, dividends, and CapEx, and working capital consumption and everything else. So, yes, the margins can go beyond 4%, but where we are today is something that fundamentally is very sound.
Tim Main: Great question. I mean it’s really all about making these relationships so fundamentally powerful and the group of companies so small, that we must be one of two or three manufacturing partners to the most attractive companies in the world. I mean that’s what it’s all about. And our ability to do that if we were just say, we could be the best circuit board assembler in the world or we are just going to provide commoditized service from low cost regions, we shut down more plants, we jettisoned more SG&A, we wouldn’t invest in design, we wouldn’t make the investments that we were making over the last 10, 15 years. You know we think the world is changing. Every seven, eight years, the world seems to change fundamentally in our industry and in 2001-2002 the world changed in the direction of Asia. And Asia will continue to be extremely important, but its’ importance will become less as the factory to the world and more as a consumption reasons and growing affluence and what does the rise of the rest of the world mean to the United States and North America and the more mature economies.  So the world is going to change again. And it’s going to be very complex and the companies with the best IT systems, the best footprint, the best lean operations, the best systems to be able to connect all of the complexity around the world into something that’s understandable and simpler to manage, and has a very passionate, powerful culture of people that care like crazy about their customers, I mean those are the companies that are going to win. And we don’t think – we think there is really just a handful of companies out there that can provide that. Now customers want to have two or three suppliers in many cases and guess it will be big parts of the business that we don’t even touch. I mean we’ll never build a PC again. We’ll probably never build a notebook computer, but for anybody in the world with complex needs where the customer is providing software engineering, product design, any high mix requirements, regulated industries, those are the types of customers that we think we’ll be ideally suited for and we think that’s a big expanding market. And I think that it’s going to put folks that haven’t invested in systems and tools and don’t have a cohesive culture at risk and the companies that do have cohesive cultures and great systems and can make the investments I think will prosper. And there will be a number of companies in our industry that will do very, very well in that kind of environment.Sean Hannan – Needham & Company: That’s great. Thanks, Tim.
Tim Main: For Jabil. Now that would – I don’t have the slide in front of me – well I think it was about $4.1 billion–Alex Blanton – Ingalls & Snyder: Yes.
Tim Main: So, that’s about a 33% growth rate year-over-year.Alex Blanton – Ingalls & Snyder: That’s the growth rate for the past year.
Tim Main: It’s different in – for instance in healthcare and life sciences, it’s in the 15% range.Alex Blanton – Ingalls & Snyder: Yes.
Tim Main: In the industrial and instrumentation area, it’s probably 15% to 20% range.Alex Blanton – Ingalls & Snyder: Okay.
Tim Main: No, I would love to do more business with business but strictly in the mechanics area.Alex Blanton – Ingalls & Snyder: Yes.
Tim Main: Because I tell you what, we avoid like the plague competing with big vertical customers internal factories if they are not strategically committed to outsource. Because you get it in any of these soft economic periods, and they pull stuff back inside.Alex Blanton – Ingalls & Snyder: Yes, okay.
Tim Main: Not given where we are today the mobility sector and particularly the electronics assembly sector is driving a lot of the growth in Q4. So there is margin headwind against us in terms of the Q4 guidance. I think we are really going to stop talking about, Alex, to the operating leverage side of it because we are in a range of performance now where we’d like investors to think about this is a good business that 3.8% to 4% operating margins if you just take what this company is going to do in fiscal Q4, Q1 and spin that out into fiscal ’11 it’s a $16 billion business that wants to run at 3.8% to 4% operating margin, that will produce $1 billion in EBITDA. That will produce free cash flow of 30%, 35% and you know that’s a good business.Alex Blanton – Ingalls & Snyder: Yes.
Tim Main: And so we’d ask people to stop thinking about that quarter to quarter at this point, you know they will be fluctuating from how much leverage there is.Alex Blanton – Ingalls & Snyder: Well, as long as you can get that kind of top line growth, you don’t need to leverage. Okay, thank you.
Tim Main: (inaudible) keep focused – thank you for saying that but (inaudible) absolutely stay focused on driving lean and efficiency and making the business more profitable. We think over the next three to five years that incremental profitability is going to come from SG&A expense leverage and what we can do to manage, get a better balance in our portfolioAlex Blanton – Ingalls & Snyder: Okay, thank you.
