Mark T. Mondello: Thanks, Forbes. Good afternoon, everyone. I appreciate you taking time to join our call. I'd like to take a minute and recognize all of our Jabil employees. Each and every day, our employees work hard to take great care of our customers. Customers who represent the fantastic brands we're so fortunate to serve. Thank you to all of our people here at Jabil. As for the quarter, we continue to experience a difficult economy. Although there are signs of modest recovery, our demand patterns suggest a cautious, slow growth environment. With this backdrop in mind, I'm proud of our performance. For Q2, we achieved the midrange of our revenue guidance of $4.4 billion, while posting $170 million of core operating income. As Forbes stated in his prepared remarks, the $170 million included $5 million of accelerated deal costs associated with our acquisition of Nypro, an acquisition we announced during the quarter. Looking at our business segments, our leadership team for Enterprise & Infrastructure continues to execute quite well, as seen by the 100-basis point increase to core operating margins year-on-year and 30-basis point increase sequentially. Our progress offers us great optimism that we will achieve a 3% core operating margin as we exit the fiscal year and do so while taking great care of the customer brands we serve. Diversified Manufacturing Services continue to exhibit solid growth, growing 11% year-on-year, led by Specialized Services, which grew 31%. In total, our DMS segment represented 47% of our overall business. Our leadership team for DMS continues to work hard in delivering tremendous, innovative and creative solutions to our customers. In our High Velocity segment, business conditions weakened and margins were negatively impacted by lower unit volumes. We do believe our revenue levels will rebound nicely in Q3 as indicated by our segment guidance. Our leadership team in High Velocity continued to take great care of our customers while evolving our processes to assure cost competitiveness and exceptional execution. Now for a few comments around Nypro. The employees at Nypro are just fabulous and we see great cultural alignment with Jabil. They have so much to teach us with their wonderful capabilities and innovative solutions. The team cares deeply and is dedicated to serving the customers that make up Nypro's business units. These business units are Consumer Electronics, Rigid Packaging and Health Care. The possibilities brought forth by Nypro are significant, especially when you consider the size of the end markets they serve. Consider exploring $100 billion of market opportunities as we combine the broad-based capabilities of our teams as they work together and leverage their unique service offerings. I should also mention that in addition to Nypro, we closed the acquisition of CHAD Industries during the quarter. CHAD is an engineering-intensive company that focuses on motion control and robotics. Their technical talent is a great addition to our automation team. Automation is a keen area of interest for Jabil and an ever advancing capability, a capability which is most impactful to our business. We welcome the CHAD team and look forward to their contributions. With the first half of the fiscal year in our rearview mirror, we're now focused on the back half of the year and there's much to do. We remain committed to generating strong operational cash flows. We continue to invest in rounding out our low-cost footprint while maintaining a keen focus on structural costs. We are committed to delivering a compound annual growth rate of 5% to 10% for our core EPS, calculated from our FY '12 base of $2.40 for the next 2 to 3 years. We will further diversify the company so we can apply our ideas and experience to more and more end markets. We are hiring and training a significant number of employees for program ramps in our DMS segment. These programs will leverage much of our CapEx put forth in the first half of the fiscal year. As we discussed previously, Jabil is in a unique position, a position which affords us the opportunity to serve tremendous brands from a platform of scale, solid cash flows and diversification. Thank you.
Mark T. Mondello: Wamsi, this is Mark. I think some of the program ramps we're alluding to will carry over into, at least, the early part of Q4.
Mark T. Mondello: Thanks, Steven. So as far as our guidance this quarter for DMS, again, it's due to product ramp and also the balance of our DMS business, which is quite broad. It's -- overall, it's soft and we feel like, as we get to the end of the calendar year, some of that revenue will start to pick up but we feel, for the quarter, we've got roughly $200 million of revenue coming out of DMS, and that's balanced with about a $200 million revenue pickup in High Velocity. So the way we thought about it is, if you figure we've got about $200 million coming out of DMS at 5.5%, 6%, something like that, and in the High Velocity business, we're picking up about $200 million of revenue. If we take a look at leverage on the High Velocity side and you take a look at where we've guided to, we feel like a $4.4 billion midpoint with the $175 million is very consistent with what we had in Q2. As far as the Nypro business, the way things look today, we feel like we're going to close the Nypro deal, if everything goes as planned, in the very early part of Q4. As Forbes alluded to in his prepared comments, we had quite a bit of deal cost in our Q2 and although it impacted our overall earnings results, we viewed it as a bit of a positive because we are accelerating the deal and some of those costs that we thought we'd spend in Q3 around the deal, we actually incurred in Q2. Our overall deal costs in Q3 are in our guidance and we feel good about what those costs are going to be. And as far as overall accretion with Nypro, we still feel strongly that once the deal's closed, the Nypro margins will be in our guided long-term range for DMS of 5.5% to 7% and we believe the deal will still be accretive in our first 12 months.
Mark T. Mondello: No. First off, I don't know that we provided much guidance in our Enterprise & Infrastructure business for Q3. So I think we feel pretty good about -- sequentially, our E&I business, if you're talking about Q3 guidance, it's relatively flat. We did have a sequential decline in Q2 but as we look at Q3, I think we're relatively flat to Q2 on a revenue basis. And again, in this economy, we feel pretty good about those results and the main rationale for that is we continue to pick up some reasonable market share in that area.
Mark T. Mondello: Yes, I think Forbes did a really nice job of speaking to the CapEx slide. What Forbes and I felt was important is over the last couple of months, we've been getting questions around our CapEx guidance of $500 million for the year. And we're going to exceed that, and we felt like it was important to give you some color on how that or why that was being exceeded. And what we wanted to talk about is the CapEx, above and beyond our original $500 million guidance for the year, is actually broad-based CapEx. So early on, let's say the first half of the fiscal, we had a lot of CapEx around production-type equipment. The back half of the CapEx is going to be a blend of some production equipment, some IT infrastructure and then rounding out, as I alluded to in my prepared comments, our overall low-cost footprint. So some of that will go to buildings and infrastructure in China, and that will be infrastructure that will support a broad range of different products and businesses. In addition to that, if we look forward a bit, I do think that we have a bit too much structural cost in the company today. And so some of that is some forward planning as far as our overall footprint structure.
Mark T. Mondello: Yes, Matt. So in my prepared comments, and I think it's a little bit confusing, let me try to clarify what I was trying to say. In fiscal year '12, I think we did $2.40 from an EPS perspective. I would be very cautious in modeling the balance of our year, and I don't think we'll -- I think we'll be marginally down of the $2.40 for this fiscal year. What I was communicating in the prepared comments though, is if we look at the 5% to 10% EPS range, if you take it off of the $2.40 base from FY '12 and you take the midpoint of the 5% to 10%, and you run that out into fiscal year '14 and '15 on a compounded basis, we feel comfortable with that EPS range. So said another way, this has been a tough year and we will not hit the 5% to 10% range this year. But again, if you start with the $2.40 base and you extrapolate that out for '14 and '15 on a compounded basis of 5% to 7% or even 7.5% on the mid-range, we feel pretty good about that for '14 and '15.
Mark T. Mondello: It would be both. But again, if you took some reasonable numbers for Nypro, if you extrapolated out the math, so if you took the math at again, the FY '12 number of $2.40, if you extrapolate out the compounded growth on that and to get a range for fiscal year '14 and '15, and you make some reasonable assumptions around the Nypro acquisition, I think what you'll find is, for us to achieve that earnings range, it would have to be a combination of both Nypro and organic growth.
Mark T. Mondello: So Brian, I don't -- my hope is it certainly isn't structural. I think I look at the numbers year-over-year as about a 30 basis point difference. I take what I think was a 5.9% in Q2 '12, against a 5.4% in Q2 '13. But I normalized that 5.4% to a 5.6% based on the deal cost for Nypro, which was applied to the DMS area. So I look at a 30-basis point decline, we're certainly not happy with that. Both Forbes and I alluded to the fact that we've got some program ramps going on. So we're not seeing the typical margins on the mobility side or the MTG side, if you will, Specialized Services. And in Industrial, in Instrumentation and in Health Care, those are lagging at the moment. And again, I don't think those are structural issues. I think those are economic issues. And I would contend that as we get to the back half of the year and into fiscal year '14, we're going to see some relief in those different business units for DMS.
Mark T. Mondello: Well, we mentioned earlier, the $100 million, I wouldn't make an assumption that, that's against production-type gear, some of that's structural gear around our low-cost footprint. If you also think about the mathematics we walked through and you think about taking the $2.40 from fiscal year '12, and you extrapolate that out for prior comments, that sets up for a pretty reasonable fiscal year '14 especially relative to '13. And as far as the 15% DMS growth, a couple of comments on that. I think when that was set back some time last year, we talked about that being kind of a long-term growth rate for DMS. And if you look at '11, '12 and '13 combined, I think on average, DMS has grown 20% or 25%. If you just take kind of a weighted average of how all that looks, fiscal year '13 is going to be below that range for sure. We'll see what type of guidance we end up providing as we move into '14. And in general terms, I'd say that we've been awfully successful in DMS and as that DMS business hits a base of $10 billion or greater, we're going to have to take a look at that growth rate, Brian. Again, that starts to become a big base of business and as we move into the end of '13 and move into '14, we'll take a hard look at that.
Mark T. Mondello: Sure, Amit. This is Mark. So the -- any time you do an acquisition, especially if you're acquiring a business that's not a product company but a service company much like our own, you always worry about customer attrition, shrinkage, loss. So far, all indications are quite positive. A number of folks from our team have already been out meeting with customers. I've done a number of those visits myself and I think although there's the general anxieties around the acquisition, I would characterize any type of potential customer loss or shrink to be very, very modest. And I think that's a great, great tribute to the folks at Nypro. They do a phenomenal job of taking care of their customers. The customers love the Nypro brand. And as we've talked about previously, I think one of the things that the customers are excited about is not only the combination of the 2 companies as far as capabilities and service offerings but in many ways, giving Nypro in the packaging side and the health care side, access to our balance sheet will be superb. There is a number of opportunities. I remind you that Nypro is an ESOP entity and they got a little bit caught in a position where, from a cash perspective, they had to reserve x amount of their cash or capital for ESOP redemptions. And so they haven't always been able to feed some of the business opportunities and I look forward to giving their business leaders, both on the health care side and the packaging side, access to capital. As far as margins, do the margins come over with Nypro as is? We intend to run the Healthcare business and the packaging business out of Clinton, Massachusetts, outside of Boston. We'll continue to fly those businesses strongly under the Nypro flag and the Nypro brand. And on the consumer side, we'll have their Consumer business consolidated with Jabil's Consumer business, that's an area we've competed with them directly. We've got a lot of respect for them in that area. And through that consolidation, there might be some cost savings or some cost synergies, if you will. But the real art around this deal is on the growth synergy side.
Mark T. Mondello: Yes, I don't think I -- I don't know that I said we have too much capacity. I definitely said that we're always looking at structural cost. So make an interpretation of that I guess, but I do think we have too much cost in the company. I don't know that that's correlated directly to too much capacity but we are always looking at our structural cost. In regards to the Nypro deal cost, the majority of the Nypro deal costs were realized in Q2 and again, that goes back to Forbes' prepared comments around the -- overrun of $5 million we had forecasted, deal cost and had those in our guidance and we overran that by $5 million and that was costs pulled from Q3 into Q2. I'd characterize our deal costs in Q3 as very modest and they're already embedded in our guidance.
Mark T. Mondello: If we ended up doing any type of big structural changes, it would probably be a one-time item. And again, we would guide you through that and provide plenty of transparency on that if we decided to do that, Shawn.
Mark T. Mondello: Sherri, I'd answer it this way. I think management has good confidence to have both DMS and High Velocity back into our long-term ranges as we get to the back half of the year and certainly, into fiscal year '14.
Mark T. Mondello: Jim, we've looked at that internally. We haven't provided a lot of guidance around Nypro. Again, as we fold Nypro into the company, we'll start to provide a bit more clarity on where the margin range is for that. And again, we've guided that with Nypro that it would be accretive in the first 12 months and then it would certainly fall into the long-term range of DMS 5.5% to 7%. I'd just go back to my prior comment, where, again, if you take the CAGR calculation off of the FY '12 base and you come up with a range for '14 and '15, it will be a combination of contributions from Nypro and organic.
Mark T. Mondello: Jim, I think as we sit today, we feel comfortable in being able to fund the Nypro deal, still pay a dividend and then continue to give strong consideration of share buyback. One of the things that we've talked about is on the share buyback, is any type of equity we use for executive comp, et cetera, et cetera, we'd like to retire an equivalent amount of shares through continued buybacks. So as we sit today, cash flows appear strong enough to do both.
Mark T. Mondello: Yes, Sean, I'd rather not get into asset utilization, if you will, but I'd frame it out this way. I really, really like the continued diversification we have in the company. And that has to do with what we're doing in High Velocity, what we're doing with a big base of our customers in E&I and then all of the different businesses we characterize as DMS. With that, we'd still have portions of our business that are a bit cyclical. And so, especially in the MTG area, asset utilization can ebb and flow but I can tell you that we've got awfully detailed processes and we obsess about that because it's got such an impact to margins. But any type of CapEx or any type of plans we have now as far as overall fixed assets are preparing for production as we get into late FY '13 or early FY '14.
Mark T. Mondello: I'd say in general, the mobility market in general, remains strong and I chuckle when I say that. Strong on a relative basis to the macro conditions. We also have some ramps in our E&I business that are still good for us even though they're facing some headwinds. And then again, there's a vast majority of businesses in general that again, are a bit muted. And based on our analysis and speaking with customers as we get to the tail end of 2012 and move into calendar '14, hopefully we'll get a little wind at our back.
Forbes I. J. Alexander: Wamsi, it's Forbes. The majority of that decline, sequential decline is really centered around a lot of the activity around our Nypro acquisition. In the prepared remarks, I noted there was about 20 to 30 basis points of degradation there, really associated with costs around that as we pulled our activity forward there, from our previous guidance but as I say, the majority is Nypro-related. We did have a little bit of headwind in the quarter as I noted, in terms of some of the instrumentation activity but nothing structurally impeding our margin performance there.
Forbes I. J. Alexander: Okay. Let me take the last one first. In terms of the cash flow, yes. To date, we generated a little bit in excess of $300 million for the first half of the year. That would imply a $600 million to $700 million back half year. So yes, we're sticking to our guns in that regard. We've got some good opportunities there and if we look at the profile of our cash flows year-over-year, in the back half of last fiscal year, we generated somewhere in the region of $600 million, $650 million in cash flows. So certainly, some good opportunity there and we can certainly believe we can drive to the $1 billion of operational cash flow. With regard to the first part of the question and the CapEx. Yes, what we've got going on is we've got about $100 million or so associated with about 1 million square feet of capacity expansion in China. Some of that -- a large part of that is associated with Chengdu, which I think, maybe 3 or 4 quarters ago, we talked about an agreement we had signed with the Chengdu authorities. So those buildings or a portion of those buildings are now up. The $100 million is associated with some of the fit out of those buildings, including dormitories, security, et cetera, et cetera there. So we would expect those to come online towards the end of this fiscal year, the first quarter of our fiscal '14, which I will remind everyone, that's a September timeframe. There's also additional square footage going in to Tianjin and a couple of other sites as well to meet demand. What I would say also to Chengdu, to Mark's earlier remarks, is that this site is not dedicated to any one particular industry segment, so it's a potential to be a large site over the coming years that would obviously be open to serve all customers and all industries that we do serve. In terms of the investments in Taiwan, that is really a hub of excellence for us in terms of research and development, material sciences capabilities in automation, so we are investing about $50 million there, expanding our R&D center there and making some material investments in terms of our automation capability, both in terms of equipment, square footage and engineering staff. That's going to be a very important aspect of our business as we move forward.
Forbes I. J. Alexander: No, no. No. The investments around automation and recession, development are not attached to any specific program, no. This is broad-based. Automation could be applied to surface mount technology, it can be applied to material sciences. Engineering continues to move forward and as we continue to expand across broad markets, including those markets served today by Nypro, we do feel it's an important investment and a real opportunity for us as we move forward to remain competitive in terms of our cost base.
Forbes I. J. Alexander: Yes, absolutely, Brian. You're absolutely correct in terms of the number of days. A day is around about $50 million to us just given the scale we're at. So $305 million in the first half of the year, certainly with the guidance we provided in terms of operating income and EBITDA, certainly opportunity to status quo it as it were, another $300 million in the back half of the year. Where the real pressure point comes is in working capital. We've had an expansion over the last quarter or 2, in our working capital, which is disappointing and we do believe that there is very, very good opportunity to see our inventories come back to what I'd call more normalized levels, so that's 3 to 4 days out of there. This last quarter, we did see inventory expansion during the course of the quarter. So again, we see that drive that back down to 4 2, 4 250, type of level -- 2 4 excuse me 2 2 type level. We should see some really strong cash flows come off the back of that. So yes, you're absolutely right. It's all based around working capital management.
Forbes I. J. Alexander: Sure, Amit. Yes, in terms of the May quarter, we are seeing stability slightly up in terms of, well, more stability, I would say, in terms of the Health Care Instrumentation and Industrial and Energy sectors. My sense is that we have hit the bottom there, particularly in Industrial & Clean Tech, where, I think, last quarter I talked about a number of programs and installs in smart metering being pushed to the right. So we're starting to see some stability there. So a lot of the lion's share is product transitions and as I said in my prepared remarks, we do see this being the bottom in terms of DMS, this 1 quarter event, and we'll start to see growth again in the August quarter.
Forbes I. J. Alexander: Yes. Our customer relationships are very strong across all our segments, and it's a transition between products. We've got a number of those going on across a number of areas within DMS.
Forbes I. J. Alexander: Okay. So Jim, the CapEx is principally around capacity and the scale of the capacity that we're anticipating need for as we move into fiscal '14. We've got line of sight. I think historically, we're not a corporation that will potentially build infrastructure if we don't have line of sight around some good brands and opportunities. So we're talking about 1 million square feet in China. To get that capacity up, that's somewhere overall between 6 and 9 months to do that. And the CapEx will be phased primarily over the next 6 months to allow us then to have the space available and production running at some point in our November quarter, so our first fiscal quarter of '14. So whilst we're seeing a little bit of transition here in Q3, we do expect a resumption of growth in our fourth fiscal quarter, so starting in June, July and we would expect to continue the expansion as we move through into our November quarter and beyond.
