Mark T. Mondello: Wamsi, thanks. It's Mark. The issue for me is they're independent activities that happened to coalesce on us all at the same time. So it certainly wasn't planned this way and, hence, the near-term impact to the company. But I just strongly believe we've got a very good strategic path. This AMS sale has been in the works for quite some time. We've had a long-term strategy. I think I talked about it in my prepared comments. I want the management focused on manufacturing. What we do for a living is we build things, and we're going to continue to aggregate capabilities that are similar to what many of you saw when we were up in Boston at Nypro. And our AMS team has done a tremendous job. We've owned that business since 1999, 2000, and the team has done a tremendous job. But as we move forward, I have a belief that you can only focus on so many things, and I want our folks focused on building stuff. And I also think in the positioning of where the AMS business is today, I think for the employees, for the customers and whatnot, pairing this business up with the service offerings that iQor offers is really complementary. So I think in that deal, you kind of get 1 plus 1 might equal 3. And again, some of the issues that happened in the near term were unanticipated, and I didn't feel righteous in slowing down the process for the AMS sale. Again, that's been in the works for quite some time. So unbeknownst to us, everything would kind of collide under the business all at the same time.
Mark T. Mondello: Yes. So I think I said in the prepared comments, it's a 2- to 3-quarter issue, and my confidence is based on the relationship we have with our customer. So again, I don't want to get into any more detail on that. I know that's very unsatisfying. But we're well-roadmapped and we have a good relationship with the customer, for which we could be redeploying the assets.
Mark T. Mondello: Yes, Shawn. So in very, very rough numbers, right, we -- let me round the number so I can do the math in my head. We posted $180 million for our fiscal Q1. We're guiding a center point of $60 million in fiscal Q2. So let's take your math on AMS being $20 million and then we still had better-than-expected BlackBerry revenue and earnings in Q1. So let's take some of that out and you're probably left with a number that's $85 million to $90 million, something like that, as far as the gap. And then you do some math on DMS margins on the demand decline that we talked about and I can't get into any details on that. But run some math on that, you end up with kind of a final delta. And the final delta that you're looking at is really a combination of cost structure inside of DMS and then corporate absorption. And I have a high degree of confidence that, again, all that will get right-sized in relatively short order.
Mark T. Mondello: I'm not going to speculate on that. But do I think -- overall, do I think the business in 2 to 3 quarters is in good shape? I do.
Mark T. Mondello: Yes, it's a great question. I'm not going to comment on what drove the demand, and again, I acknowledge that it's unsatisfying. I just -- we're -- as I said in my prepared comments, we have a couple of choices here. And one thing that Forbes and myself and the other parts of the management look at is, in looking after shareholders, as well as the business in general, we take a long-term view on things. And when I think about valuation over the long term, I think the decisions that we're currently making are pretty sound and pretty prudent for the business. So I just leave it at that.
Mark T. Mondello: Yes. I don't want to talk about anything to do with specific customers at all, but in general, I think Jabil's had an excellent track record over the years of amending terms and conditions when the business dictates. And I think we've shown that over the years, most recently with our BlackBerry wind-down. And we've got great relationships with BlackBerry. But when we made the BlackBerry decision, I don't want to dwell on BlackBerry at all because I have a ton of respect for their company and their people and -- but when we made that decision, it was difficult. But we had a substantial liability at hand. BlackBerry has worked very, very well with us. And I look at the kind of amendment to terms and conditions based on business conditions in that example. And I said in my prepared statement that as we sit today, we believe the BlackBerry wind-down, which will happen this quarter, will be in the $35 million to $85 million range that Forbes had talked about as far as -- specific to BlackBerry restructure. That's an admirable illustration and indication of how we end up managing the businesses based on decisions that have to be made. So my belief is, is that with any of our businesses, if they dictate changes to terms and conditions or the way in which we work with our customers, we'll move in that direction.
Mark T. Mondello: Yes. So I think this topic came up at the Analyst Meeting, and I forget what my exact response was. But for me just restating it, I think the best use of our capital is organic growth in the business. It's the least risky. It sets a great platform for growth. And when I think about valuation and long-term viability, again, I love nothing more than to look at outstanding business plans by one of our divisions and take capital and reinvest it back in the business. Secondarily, to your point, acquisitions, much like we did with Nypro, are of keen interest to us. Again, selling AMS -- AMS was a tremendous business for us, but I want our team focused on building stuff. I want our focused -- I want our team focused on manufacturing. And as we look forward, the AMS business just didn't quite fit that. So my guess is, is Forbes announced the buyback in his prepared comments. For now, that seems very reasonable to us. Let's see how things settle out with BlackBerry. Let's see how things look for the year. There's potential we could increase that, but let's take it as $200 million of share buyback for now. And we also have some other ideas in the pipeline as far as some strategic ideas, as well as adding different capabilities.
Mark T. Mondello: Jim, I don't think -- I don't know that I'd think about a material increase. I would think about if we had -- first off, I would be very cautious in how you handicap the balance of the year. As I mentioned and Forbes mentioned, we have a lot of moving pieces. The structure of the company is great. I love our strategy. I like where we're going. I'd just be -- I'd be cautious in the back half of the year. I think if you extrapolate it out, Q2, with some level of modest growth, that's probably reasonable. And I look forward to giving you more clarity on that during our March call.
Mark T. Mondello: That's fair. I mean, I hate it because I feel like we have a job to do in delivering for shareholders, but that's the reality. And again, I also don't want anybody to take our comments that we're being -- we are actively assessing the situations that are placed on us. We are balancing -- I think the team is doing an exceptional job of balancing the next couple of quarters with the long-term structure of the company. And I think that we'll have better color on that by the March call. And I feel like we'll do a reasonably good job of taking out as much cost as we can take out. And the current data that you have in front of you suggests that, that's our plan. But again, we'll provide, I think, better color on that in the March call.
Mark T. Mondello: Amitabh, I think that's a great question. You look at it on the surface and you go, "Geez, what's going on?" And it comes down to the cost structure that we had in place. And again, I feel very good about the customer relationship, I feel very good about our performance, I feel very good about how they feel about Jabil. And it was really about -- it's really about the cost structure we had in place, and I'll leave it at that.
Mark T. Mondello: Brian, it's Mark. A fair question. I don't -- we have a good relationship, we've got good visibility on roadmaps and we've got decent diversification. We -- again, we had a fairly substantial cost base in place. Some of that cost base is not transferable immediately. And why were we caught off guard? I just -- I can't comment on that. I just -- again, I'd like to, but I need to be sensitive, and I can't comment on that.
Mark T. Mondello: Brian, I'd like to -- I'd like you to hold me to that in our March call. Let us work through what we're working through. Let us get some costs realigned. Let us get the AMS sale. The AMS deal is supposed to close March 1, and BlackBerry will be wound down. So hold me to that in the March call.
Mark T. Mondello: Thanks, Mark, for the question. This is Mark. I don't think so at all. I think if you -- one way to think about our business is in very, very rough levels. I think Forbes, during his prepared comments, talked about kind of an endorsement of our growth ranges and our op income ranges for the 3 segments for which we report. If you think about the business being 50% to 60% DMS longer-term and then 40% Enterprise & Infrastructure and High Velocity maybe equally split, something like that, maybe Enterprise & Infrastructure a little bit greater over time, is -- and you run the weighted average math on that, I feel very comfortable that, that's the margins and the margin structure long-term for the company. I think that what we'll be doing in expanding in the manufacturing side, we'll be, again, growing share in the 3 sectors -- or the 3 segments that we report today. And I would envision that in not the too distant future that we would be adding some additional reporting segments or at least adding some additional divisions up under these segments. And again, I think they support the margin structure that Forbes talked about.
Mark T. Mondello: Yes. I'm sure there's stuff we've learned, and I just -- I don't want to get into it on the call. I mean, again, some of it has to do with the customer and -- overall, again, it's disappointing that we're taking you down this path for Q2 and potentially a couple of other quarters. But overall, what I'd say in the light of some tough news is, historically, we continue to do a nice job managing our business and the ebbs and flows. And I think this will be a case, looking back on it, where we proved that we're able to do the same thing here.
Forbes I. J. Alexander: Let me take that one. So our DMS -- if I stop with the revenue in DMS in Q1, I think we guided some growth of about 7%. We came in at 5%. It's just a hair underneath. And the operating performance was relatively consistent with last quarter. So there was -- we're reasonably pleased with that, just given the demand environment that we saw and just coming a little bit light there in overall. What gives us confidence that we can get this back into the range of 5% to 7% longer-term? It's really our capabilities, the way we -- our relationships with our customer base here and really some of the exceptional work that's underway with our Nypro team. So we'll -- once we start to see revenue growth coming back here and, as Mark said, reposition the asset base over the next 2 to 3 quarters, we are very comfortable that we'll start moving solidly back into the range of 5% to 7%. It's a matter of 2 or 3 quarters, and we feel very comfortable with our customer relationships, opportunity to get there.
Forbes I. J. Alexander: Let me take that. It's Forbes. No, those are very much intact. We are very pleased. As I said, Nypro is on track, great team there. And earnings will be in that range that we talked about. Remember, we just got 1 quarter under our belt, but yes, so far, so good. In terms of overall restructuring plan, yes, those will deliver. We talked about complementary to the EPS range, $40 million of savings in this fiscal year. That's still on track. A lot of that heavy lifting, if you will, underway currently and as we move into the beginning of the calendar year. But certainly, nothing has changed in that regard. And I think the last point you mentioned was the BlackBerry piece, certainly solidly in the range, $35 million to $85 million. So no material change in any of those items. As Mark said, the conversation [ph] is focused around under-absorption of corporate overhead with a demand drop and a cost base in place to support higher volumes.
Forbes I. J. Alexander: Yes. There's not really much seasonality. I think directionally, if you divide by 4, you're pretty much there.
Forbes I. J. Alexander: I'm not going to comment on the year, Brian. As we said, operating cash flow in the $400 million to $500 million range. I would remind you, obviously, we've got an AMS divestiture here, so that obviously carries an element of core operating income that leads the company for 3 quarters, given that we will be reporting that as discontinued operations. So there's certainly an impact from the Aftermarket Services area, but I'm not going to comment on any EPS for fiscal '14.
