Gary Rollins: Yes. Thank you, Marilynn and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us on our second quarter 2014 conference call. Harry will read our forward-looking statement and the disclaimer and then we’ll begin.
Gary Rollins: Mostly you get up for our season and just kind of – like retail, the Christmas season, and we were disappointed that the demand was not more robust, our branch marketing with suppliers and competitors confirmed that this was a real phenomenon, it wasn’t a result of our advertising not working. And we have a couple of ways, if we check our advertising, one is kind of what I call the generic search on the web, how many people search for roaches or ants or termites, and so we kind of compare this year versus last year. And we have other ways that we look at – testing as far as I have mentioned, our suppliers, and our competitors. So – we’re satisfied that this wasn’t a Rollins thing, this was an industry situation. But as Harry said, we did a great job converting, I think that speaks loudly to the programs that we’ve initiated in the past couple of years and we were fortunate that it all came together and the results from our earnings point of view were very good.
Gary Rollins: Yes. I need to work harder because I was – and the Board was pleased. So my bosses are pleased, they are generally Harry and I are pleased but…
Gary Rollins: Yes, certainly. Everyone gets their fair share of some of these leads. We priced – we’re proud of our pricing. And so – if you mismatch premium pricing with customers who aren’t willing to pay the price, we see it often in retention, and the customers might only take two or three services and be gone in three or four months as opposed to a year. Your customer acquisition costs, you’re not going to recover the additional cost and time put in until the initial services. It just makes for a unprofitable customer for you. So what we want to do is, make sure we are appealing to the customers who value the service will stay longer. If you’re successful with the strategy and we certainly saw it in the first quarter because while our leads were down our total sales were up. And what you do is, you spend more time on the phone with customers who will be appealing to you and appreciate your service, so you’ll get higher closure percent and better price realization. In both of those we saw, our leads were down, our total sales were up, so the strategy is working. I think we’ll see in six months to a year we should see better retention because we will be bringing less of the customers who turnover more rapidly through the – into the mix. It’s just – you have a limited amount of marketing dollars and we are through the data analytics that work that we’re doing, we’re getting a lot smarter in spending the money in the right channels, appealing to the right customers. So we’re kind of happy that that has worked out.
Gary Rollins: We’re obviously – Australia, it’s a long-term play for us. We’ve done – we’ve closed now on two acquisitions in Australia. The first one out of the cage is performing below our expectations, some of the contracts are in the hopper [ph] haven’t come on board as fast as we had hoped or projected. So, that’s been a little disappointing but we’ve got a great team there, great prospects, and we’re really excited about them long-term. The second acquisition we closed on Statewide has come out of the gates as game busters, I think their revenues are running 13%, 15% of the big ran this time a year ago. So we’re excited with the team we’re building down there, we’re continuing to evaluate other opportunities. And we think Australia be a great market long-term.Sean Egan – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Great, thanks a lot. That’s all for me.
Gary Rollins: Well, the only thing I would comment is – I think ServiceMaster and Terminix is reorganization certainly. We had to create a little bit of distraction and we didn’t have that but as Harry said we certainly benchmark and we do research but we’re really not seeing any phenomenon out there in the marketplace that somebody has got a silver bullet or has come up with something really unique that’s going to change our market share.
Gary Rollins: Well, we’d like to thank you for joining us today. We’re certainly flattered by your interest and support and we look forward to the next quarter. And we’ll be working hard to improve our business. So, thank you again.
Jamie Clement – Sidoti: Gary, I have to ask you a question, this is the highest revenue operating income, net income, and EPS quarter you all have ever reported, I sensed however, a slight bit of disappointment in your voice on a couple of things. And – that’s a little unusual, I’m listening to these calls for a while…
Jamie Clement – Sidoti: Yes, and I was just wondering if it sounds like the lead generation situation was obviously – mother nature obviously has an impact on that and obviously, the marketing strategy.
Jamie Clement – Sidoti: Yes, absolutely. And that’s why I asked the question because on the surface – and obviously, the months of April and May were not particularly warm by recent historical standards, so I just wanted to make sure I wasn’t missing something here. And obviously, I know you are your own harshest critics.
