Eddie Northen: Yes. Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call, excluding historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. And actual risks may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to today's press release and our SEC filings, including the risk factors section of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Eddie Northen: Yes, Tim. Thanks. Yes, we didn't highlight that today. And I don't know if we necessarily duplicated that that number that we had shared before. But I think based on what we reported as far as the revenue gains, you can see that they were elevated especially on the residential side. And our call center did the much higher activity, has seen in previous years, even as we started to come out of the season and move into some cooler areas, as we've seen. Again, the majority of that was on the residential side. But we have seen incremental improvements on the commercial side as well, for some of the smaller businesses that would come through our call center for that.
Eddie Northen: Well, there's no question that routing and scheduling is paying great dividends for us now, especially as we're having to have technicians potentially adjust and change some routes that they maybe would have historically run on both sides, on the residential as we're growing gives us the ability to be able to do that smoothly. And on the commercial side, it allows us to kind of reduce some of the noise that we would have by being able to schedule. We had one of the best quarters, which we didn't go through in detail. We had one of the best quarters as far as year-over-year, stops per mile improvement in the quarter, which is positive. And I think those types of things to the point of your question are more structural in nature. I believe that the majority of the folks that we had furloughed, as we went into the pandemic that are going to be brought back, had been brought back at this point in time. And I think that our both our operations and our non-operations groups absolutely are leaner than when we started. We've been forced to find ways as many organizations have to use technology in ways that have made us more efficient. So I don't have a defined answer and exact answer for you. We will be leaner and margins will be better as a part of this as we're moving forward. But I think as we see that revenue growth we'll get a more and better and clear answer to that. The good news is from Q2 to Q3, we continue to see those margins positively impacted, even as we've had more revenue on the residential side and even more revenue on the commercial side, come back into the business.
Eddie Northen: On the collection side, on the residential side is where we saw our improvements that occurred. And those were in our larger brands and if you think about our larger brands that are going to have residential bases -- large residential bases, our Orkin brand or HomeTeam brands, our Clark brand, all have larger residential bases. And we were able to see improvements there. On the commercial side, obviously, that continues to be a struggle, we made adjustments to payment terms, mostly in Q2 with our customers that we made the decision to do that with, we really didn't have a lot of new customers in Q3 where we request and we made adjustments for that. But the high profile bankruptcies that you read about that we read about a lot of those, in cases, our customers. So we've worked really diligently to minimize our exposure in those areas. And the news for us there is that a lot of those customers that are on that bankruptcy list have been on that list for the past year, so well before the pandemic occurred, as they were on our watch list, we were minimizing our exposure at that point in time. But the reality is the customers that are struggling to stay in business today are just working day-to-day and we're trying to work with them as a partner. But the collections on that side is slightly slower but on the residential side with a positive impact.
Eddie Northen: I'm sure John's going to have some comments that he'd like to add. But I would say if you look at those two categories, it would be more weighted towards customers coming back. But the disinfectant, the new services, in many of our brands has been a positive impact for us to be able to go through and add on the revenue side. What we see from the disinfectant side, customers that have had some sort of incident occur, that need to ensure that they have this taken care of and the cleanliness in their workplace, either for their customers or for their employees those are the ones that we have a shorter sales cycle for, and that one need to get something in place. Others that know, this is the right thing to do, but aren't necessarily under that same pressure, we had a little bit of a longer sales cycle. And we're learning as we continue to move forward. But it continues to grow for us. But I would say if you had to differentiate between those two, that we've had more incremental business that has come back.
Eddie Northen: We don't have a lot of view of things that are kind of outside of our area where we are, as we know, most of us aren't traveling these days. We just know what our view is here in Georgia. And a lot of things have opened back up and are more close to what we knew before. And you contrast that with something like the New York City area where it is significantly different than what it was like before. So it's those pockets that are seeing those incremental improvements, that we're able to see customers come back and we're able to continue to be able to service them.
Eddie Northen: Yes. Thank you, Michael. We don't break out customers and things like that, I will tell you that we have had great new customer growth. But I can't really -- I don't know really know exactly, how much of this is being driven by someone at home that is adding the mosquito versus that they would want the mosquito. Our mosquito continues to grow at a 30% plus rate as it has for the previous few years. That's a little bit of a higher base. It's still a low base, but it's a little bit of a higher base of what we've seen previously. But we are seeing good new customer growth that has come out of this. Now, as far as, when it comes down to [indiscernible], can't answer that either just because we just don't know. We don't know that people continue to work from home, where we have situations where there's an additional need for more services. We anticipate that our retention of those customers will be higher, because, as we talked before, as we add an additional service, the retention of those customers improves for us. So as they add mosquito or as they add one of our other services, that retention rate does increase and [indiscernible] it in our Orkin brand that we've seen that across the board in all of our services there. So, big customer growth and probably the best that we can say at this point.
Eddie Northen: I will take the first part of your question, I think we've pretty much moved through all the furloughed process that we had just a very small number, that would still be -- we could be making decisions on but I think Q2 we saw the majority that Q3. It's kind of moved through. On the structural side on the SG&A, like I was answering earlier, we're leaner than we were when we went into this. We did have some positive impact that impacted through our bad debt. But we also saw very strong improvements in our administrative salaries, as well as our personnel related. So structurally on the people side, I think Q2 and Q3 we're seeing kind of similar trends there. And, we use technology to be able to make us better and be able to make us more efficient as we're moving forward.
Eddie Northen: Yes. So yes, I would say two things and John's got something to add as well. I think two things to say. One maturity continues to move forward in time. As we continue to have retention of our technicians that's going to be a positive thing for us. But we had these four stages of routing and scheduling. And we're in this -- we're kind of in this phase two of this four stage and as we continue to layer on additional technology pieces that are kind of behind the scenes for the operation, that's going to continue to drive improvements. So I would say improvements will continue to be positive as we're moving forward.
John Wilson: Thank you, Gary. I am excited and grateful for the opportunity to be here. I wanted to start by providing some context to the current environment. While the Coronavirus remains prevalent in many areas, we feel positive about our financial performance this quarter, and how we're executing as a company to meet the needs of our residential and commercial customers, both in the U.S. and abroad. Our residential business remains solid, our call centers are busy and we are pleased with our results from this service line. We are also encouraged, yet at the same time, cautiously optimistic about the positive trends we've been seeing on the commercial side of our business. As Gary noted, our third quarter commercial results were down year-over-year. However, the operating environment steadily improved as third quarter progressed and we continue to see month-to-month improvements as more businesses reopened and the trust that our brands have built over time, have enabled our technicians to provide service when and where needed. Still, we are by no way thinking that this pandemic is over. We remain diligent considering the current operating environment, and with many experts projecting that another wave is possible, there remain many uncertainties. We're executing against our plan and continue to proactively navigate the best path forward. For example, out of concern for the health of our employees, as well as our customers, stringent safety practices are ongoing and remain a top priority. To keep our technicians safe, we continue to adhere to the advanced health and safety protocols as recommended by the CDC. By providing a full complement of personal protective equipment for our customer facing employees, we're continuing to build trust with our customers, while also demonstrating it is safe to do business with us. We are also working with our customers to create a safer environment for where they live and work. As we have discussed Orkin and many of our other brands are now offering a commercial and residential disinfection service, which is effective and quickly and thoroughly eliminating a wide variety of serious pathogens. While it is still early, we're pleased with a very positive reception this new service line has been receiving from existing as well as new customers. During the third quarter we steadily grew this new offering. Additionally, investors have asked us about the business impact of the devastating wildfires out west, as well as the recent tropical storms and hurricanes that have made landfall in the U.S. While our hearts go out to those that have been adversely affected by these natural disasters, up to now we have not had any significant business disruption. I would also like to take a minute to provide an update on our wildlife brand, which has experienced strong double-digit growth year-to-date. For those of you who aren't too familiar with this business segment, the services we provide include life trapping and removal of wildlife, exclusion of wildlife from residences and other buildings and the repair and remediation of damages caused by wildlife. There is not a more urgent call for help than that customer who has a wild animal loose in their home or business. Although a small part of our total business, we have firmly established our position as the leading wildlife control provider in North America. And looking ahead, we believe that this is real opportunity to continue to grow this business. Lastly, I wanted to circle back to the promotion of Jerry to President and Chief Operating Officer. Not only does he have a strong foundation in the pest business, he does have a degree in entomology after all. He is that rarest of individuals who knows both bugs and the bug business inside out. He works very hard at improving himself each day. And I've watched him over the last 13 years, improve every operation he has touched. I am excited to have Jerry in this new role. I'll now turn the call over to Eddie.
John Wilson: Yes. I think we're still negative. We have a few different operations that have some heavy concentration in areas that are the most impacted right now. And we have a heavy concentration in New York City area, those of you that are there around that area know and understand the impact of what's going on there. But we're definitely seeing improvements in other areas that have been an opportunity to open back up and as businesses have been able to make those decisions. And our sales group continues to do a good job looking and working on those verticals, where we know that there's less impact. On the healthcare side and on logistics and those things like that, they continue to do a nice job, but in those areas. So positive improvements, but I wouldn't say that we're positive quite yet.
John Wilson: Yes. You're exactly right, the impact from that of -- in Orkin, we call it bottle cleaner, various brands have different names that they're calling it as they go to market. But the impact of the gap for commercial revenue to a year ago is very small from bottle clean, most of it has been from customers returning to services, their needs change.
John Wilson: Yes. I will add two things, Eddie, and the first one is very similar, but greater adoption, Tim, no doubt with our branch operations. But then also greater density with huge amount of residential customers, we've added commercial coming back. We just have greater density on our routes.
John Wilson: [Indiscernible] converted, and then we have other brands that we're adding as well. But, yes you're right, as we talk about this four phases, that's exactly.
Gary Rollins: Could I add one thing, Eddie? We're very fortunate that that in most of our commercial accounts hospitality related, health related they can put the service off indefinitely. They know that the best will come back, the way they got started to begin with receiving merchandise from outside and so forth. So that's a positive thing that we're disappointed when they differ a service. But our experience has been is they will be back. And I think, our numbers have showing that.
Gary Rollins: One other thing that we had to look forward too, we did not have all of our brands on our routing and scheduling.
Gary Rollins: That's always a good time. If you have the people that want it, they adapt it so much quicker than a normal situation. You have to convince them.
Gary Rollins: Okay. Well, thank you all for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in our company. As you've heard during the past calls, we have several programs underway that will make our company better, improve our customers experience and our financial results. We look forward to giving you an update with our fourth quarter call in the future. Thanks again.
