Gary Rollins: Yes, Joe. Thank you and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our fourth quarter and year end 2020 conference call. Julie will read our forward-looking statement and disclaimer and then we will begin.
Gary Rollins: I mean that’s been our practice. In the past, we’ve retired what – an $88.5 million just this last year. We retired $80 million of our debt, but certainly, if the right acquisitions came along, we’d incur more debt, if we add to.
Gary Rollins: Okay. Thank you all for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in our company and we entered 2021 optimistic about our opportunities and look forward to updating you on our progress on our next earnings call. Thank you, again.
John Wilson: Thank you, Gary. Turning to our performance, we are pleased with our fourth quarter results, which capped off a great year in 2020. Revenue for the quarter grew 6% to $536.3 million compared to $506 million for the same quarter in 2019. Net income rose to $62.6 million or $0.13 per diluted share compared to $50.8 million or $0.10 per diluted share for the fourth quarter last year. Revenue for the full year totaled $2.161 billion, an increase of 7.2% compared to $2.015 billion for 2019. Net income for the full year increased to $260.8 million or $0.53 per diluted share compared to $203.3 million or $0.41 per diluted share for the same period last year. Eddie will review the GAAP and non-GAAP results shortly as there are two adjustments impacting our financials. Overall, our team members in the various businesses continue to perform well. We experienced strong growth in residential pest control during the fourth quarter, increasing 11%, while termite and ancillary services grew 8.7%. Year-over-year, commercial revenue was down as commercial pest control was negatively impacted by the COVID virus due to varying levels of government-driven shutdowns. However, we have continued to narrow the revenue shortfall gap each month since April with fourth quarter commercial growth only 0.6% below last year. We are pleased with the steady progress we have achieved under these circumstances. I am very proud of our team and the commitment they show each day to take care of our customers. Their dedication and determination were very evident this year as they added many thousands of customers during a challenging time. We believe our fourth quarter and 2020 full year results reflect both the resilience of our company and our people. I would now like to take a moment to talk about Rollins’ ESG or Environmental, Social and Governance commitment. We hold ourselves accountable to a high standard of sustainability, social responsibility and good corporate governance. ESG is not just an important part of our business it’s become part of our culture. We also have launched a new Diversity, Equity and Inclusion or DEI initiative, internally focused on advancing a culture of inclusion where all employees feel respected and treated fairly with an equitable opportunity to excel. This effort is sponsored by Freeman Elliott, our Orkin U.S. President. Freeman is working in close partnership with the newly formed Advisory Council made up of employees from across all brands to drive DEI improvements. The council is actively reviewing all policies, conducting campaign awareness, creating listening forums and providing training with much more to come. We are committed to this vision in the journey we will all take together. I am also pleased to note that we have further strengthened our Board of Directors, adding to an already experienced and strong Board with the additions of Susan Bell, Patrick Gunning and Jerry Nix. As background, both Susan Bell and Patrick Gunning have recently retired from distinguished careers in public accounting, 36 and 39 years respectively. Both are qualified as financial experts for U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission public companies. Jerry Nix comes to our Board as the Former Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer of Genuine Parts Company. They are all seasoned executives and accomplished leaders and their diverse experience will be invaluable to help shape Rollins’ future. Now, let me turn the call over to Jerry who will provide more details on our business.
John Wilson: Yes. Tim, this is John Wilson. And Eddie touched on a couple of things that I would have had to offer and that was the routing and scheduling in the account density piece. But related to the selling of our new accounts, you had already asked a question about the price increase that we’ll roll with, we didn’t see any back-up in our ability to get price for our new accounts. And so, we expect that to continue to grow for 2021 and that will help as well.
John Wilson: Yes. Mario, let me – this is John, let me add. The opportunity to couple multiple services with our current customer base is really pretty high. We have less than 20% of our customers that have multiple services. And so, when we can do that and we’ve had good success adding mosquito, what Eddie mentioned wildlife and some other things that opportunity there is there for us in 2021 to really build on.
John Wilson: Tim, this is John. They have not pulled back. There things are still pretty frothy from that side and we’re kind of picking and choosing the one who will really want to go after heart as a result of that. We want to buy really good businesses with great reputation in the market and the McCall business in Jacksonville is a – the most recent example.
Eddie Northen: Yes. Tim, we decided to – for most of our brands, to take that same pause. As you know, typically, we will roll that price increase out around mid-year. We decided based on the current economic conditions that it was not the best time to move that forward, so most of our brands did in fact take that pause. For 2021, we do have plans to move forward with a price increase. And we would be prepared as we move forward over the next quarter or two to be able to provide more details having to do with that. But we’ve gone through our – we continue to go through the testing on the marketing side and we’re prepared for that for 2021.
Eddie Northen: I would, believe – and I believe Jerry and John would believe the same that we will have an opportunity to expand in 2021. We have invested, as we talked in Q2 and Q3, on our inventory of protective equipment for our employees, our customer-facing employees. Our hopes would be as we move through 2021 that that would subside and that that would be somewhat of a support for us. We continue to have good, positive momentum as we talked about a couple of times, having to do with our routing and scheduling and we’ll continue to see and reap the benefits of that. And I think to your point of the density, as commercial were to continue to incrementally get better as we’re all hoping as we move through 2021, that density will improve and make those improvements potentially even better. So we believe, we have a few different areas that would be supportive of it in addition to what we would normally do as far as our incremental improvement on a year-over-year basis.
Eddie Northen: So I would say a couple of things. One is that we don’t know what the return to work is going to look like and you’re exactly right. I mean, comping as we move throughout the year will be more difficult than what it would be during a normal year. Q1 will be a time that we’ve not lapped yet as things really didn’t make a change until the end of March. So Q1, I think we’ll probably still see what we’ve seen. As people were to return, will that reduce the demand? I think that’s kind of yet to be seen at this point. The positive for us is – and Jerry talked about this is the sale of our mosquito product. As we continue to do that, that product continues to grow at a 30% plus clip on a growing base. And probably, the exciting thing for me is that we’ve really expanded the opportunity for growth with this particular service to many of our different brands. So early on, we had a few of our brands that really were concentrating on this and this is really expanded to others. So we believe this is going to be a good residential opportunity for us as we move forward. But Mario, I think we’re all kind of guessing right now on what that impact of the stay from home is going to look at – look like as we kind of move throughout the year.
Eddie Northen: So I would say that – I made the comment about wildlife. Our wildlife continues to grow, I think the infrastructure that we put in place over the last 2 to 3 years with Steve Leavitt, leading the charge there with our emerging opportunities group has really made a positive impact for – I’ll call it a nice add on. So we get those calls in our call center and now, we have a broader reach to be able to service those customers that have those types of wildlife needs. So I think we’re going to continue to have opportunities there. Mosquito, we’ve already talked about. In the past, we’ve talked some about bed bug. Bed bug revenue is down year-over-year. Part of that is our own decision on pricing. And looking at the profitability of that compared to us putting the energy behind the mosquito product, which is a high – much higher margin product. But then I would shift over to the termite and ancillary side and say, we have continued opportunities to grow there as we have had entered the premises in a lot of cases having to do with the termite support and then providing those ancillary services in other parts of the home. And we had good growth in these areas over the last few years and I would say that will continue to be an opportunity.
Eddie Northen: So I think the way that I would answer that question is, it’s kind of like the growth of our international volume as a percent to our total. We continue to add new geographies internationally, we continue to add new companies as we did most recently in Australia to our international operations, but our percent of our international to our total continues to hover around that same 7% or 8%, no matter what we do internationally, because of the growth that we have in the U.S, those numbers, they kind of stay intact. And I would just use that analogy Michael to kind of say, we’re kind of doing the same thing here. So we’re adding a significant number of new customers but at the same time, we are adding new services to existing customers. So as much as we continue to look for those penetration opportunities, it’s a good problem to have that that number necessarily isn’t improving significantly as far as those that have more than one service, because we are adding new customers each and every quarter. So we will continue once we have our foot in the door to continue to add those new services and as we’ve shared on this call before, any time we have more than one service, the likelihood of that customer retaining and staying with us is significantly higher. So we’ll continue to pursue that on that second or third or more services, but we’re also happy on the new customer growth as well.
Eddie Northen: Hey, it was – I’m going to let Jerry and John weigh in with any specific they have, but it was similar in nature as far as the number. Our concern, of course, the 2019 number, as I mentioned, was – would be significantly skewed with our initial Clark Pest Control purchase that we made but I think the number and even taking a look kind of generally at a spread of international and of Orkin tuck-in acquisitions and others like that, I think we’re relatively in line with what we’ve seen with previous years.
Eddie Northen: I do need to clarify one thing, before we turn it over to Gary to wrap up. In my statement – in my prepared statement when I talked about our quarterly dividend increasing, I think it should have been that our quarterly dividend increased over the fourth quarter dividend that we had. So if you remember back to 2020, we actually reduced our dividend from our first quarter of 2020 down for the remainder of the year. So the improvement that I mentioned should have referenced the fact that it was compared to the Q4 dividend. So I hope that clarifies and I apologize for misstating that earlier.
Eddie Northen: I mean, the Board would have to review our current cash, our opportunities to be able to use that cash and then to pass back onto the shareholders. I mean, compared to where we were in Q4 and then we split our shares, it’s an increase from there.
