Gary Rollins: Yes. Thank you, Marilyn, and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our first quarter of 2018 conference call. Eddie will read our forward-looking statement and disclaimer and then we will begin.
Gary Rollins: We were – certainly we were impacted primarily due to the snowfall. The National Weather Service measures snowfall in the top 35 markets and it was up over 30%. So the snowfall and weather also affect demand, but they affect our ability to get around the service or customer, so certainly we’re impacted. Certainly I can’t say anything about the quarter. The second quarter, other than I’ve been in the business for 50 years and we always have a season, it drives you crazy when it starts off like this, but we have no doubt that the pest season will arrive.
Gary Rollins: One benefit that we have to look forward to is putting our routing and scheduling in all of our brands. Currently we don’t have it in all of the brands and I guess [indiscernible] went up. So, you know, we should be able to have similar benefits as we roll it out to other brands.
Gary Rollins: Well, I think that if we just look over, show over at the most recent ones, there’s family dynamics that are involved. Some of the family members want the money and some want to continue to work. We’ve been very fortunate that we’ve been able to keep a lot of the principles and the leaders with the company, their company. This just got more complicated and it requires a heavy investment in IT, a heavy investment in digital, in the Internet. And some of the companies are really kind of frightened by that. As it becomes more sophisticated you’ve got to rely more on technology and I think that’s a turning point. I think the values that are getting today versus two years ago, they’re getting more module. So that’s been motivating some of the people that when they see the market improved as far as that user concern. If they are on offense that’s kind of the knowledge that takes place to cause them to consider disposing of the business and we’ve got one for reputation and that people stay with us, and that’s not the case. And most of the other folks that we’re competing with, the retention of our people they acquire the promotions of the acquired are getting. It has really I think driven a lot of these great companies and interaction. We’re fortunate there.
Gary Rollins: Okay. Well, I’d like to thank you for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in our company and look forward to updating you on our second quarter and our progress on the next call. Thank you.
Eddie Northen: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call, excluding historical facts, are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual risks may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to today’s press release and our SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Eddie Northen: Yes. This is Eddie. So just to add on to that, we try our best, I mean, you’re spot on as far as it impacting actually what’s going on, but we try our best to take that away. And John and team do a tremendous job, continuing to hold the sales folks and the operations accountable. So just one of the ways to grow and to make sure you retain your customers and you are servicing them even above and beyond is the great service that they normally get, to make sure that we don’t have them and we will reduce our turnover the best that we can to take that out of the picture. But obviously when the weather does get better, and it is going to get warmer to Gary’s point, we hope to benefit from that as well.
Eddie Northen: And Tim, other byproduct that we see of this as we continue to have a better on-time delivery of services as John’s group continues to do that, our customers are going to respond more positively to that. So having the right technician on the right day at the right time at the customer’s location, because they’re running this route correctly saves us miles, but also puts that right technician in the right spot and we have a better customer experience because of that.
Eddie Northen: Well, I’ll say that – I’m sure John can talk about the operational side of that, but from the sales side of that, the three keys that I talked about the continual improvement of the individuals that we are bringing on from a sales perspective; having them use the technology almost without exception is helping us in front of the customer. And then the service that John and team are providing to the customer, they’re not turning over, they’re staying with us at a higher rate and it’s giving us something for our sales force to be able to sell better. As we talk about the industry in whole – as a whole, unequivocally we have by far the best commercial service that’s out there. And I think that some of our customers are seeing that, that they may have had service with someone else that is out there, they’re seeing the difference in the service that John and team are providing.
Eddie Northen: And Sean, Gary opened with talking about some of the international piece of our business. And we know today that’s not a big part of our business that’s growing. But things like this Global Food Safety Conference; it puts us in a position to be able to have a wider or more global approach. And as more customers come to us and they’re looking for a global solution, we’re in 53 countries and we have opportunities to be able to service from a global perspective. So in some cases from an RFP perspective, that’s going to knock out a lot of others that don’t have that global reach. So as we continue to spend time and energy there, I think that’s going to pay more positive dividends for us and give us more opportunity.
Eddie Northen: Yes. I think that’s absolutely – the radar is going to move forward in time. And we’ll go through each one of those, we’ll see what they have in place and see what makes sense as far as routing and scheduling in their individual company. And if they have a product that is already working well for them and they figure out what makes sense as far as they used to catch from there. As Gary and John just mentioned, Orkin Canada is next for us and we’ve already started down that path of that, which is going to make a lot of sense for us. And we think we’re going to have a good opportunity there. But these other brands that you mentioned will continue to assess those and we will figure out where the best place is for us to spend our time and energy and see improvement.
Eddie Northen: I would agree with your statement. I think Gray’s point is as companies hear about multiples that some other companies are paying, it will be getting them to think about, okay, maybe this is the time, maybe this is something for us to think about. And as they learn more about do I go after that biggest check or do I go after an opportunity to be able to take my business and partner with somebody who had done this for a long time and lives up to their word, and that’s when we win, it’s the latter one. We’re not going to necessarily be the one to write the biggest check, but we are going to live up to our work and we’re going to keep people on that that we say we’re going to keep on and we’re going to have them continue to run the business. Gary and Mr. Rollins have a track record of that for 50 years. And I think that’s a reason why people continue to come back to us over and over again and say, you’re the choice for us. For us this quarter 16 acquisitions, I think that’s just a testament to exactly how companies look at that.
John Wilson: Thank you, Gary. Over the past few months we have undertaken an extensive review of what actions other companies have taken as a result of the recent U.S. tax code changes. Many companies chose to give employees one-time bonuses or similar items that provide a one-time benefit to employees. As a service company though we have long recognized that our employees are our most important asset and we wanted to do something that would have a longer term effect for them and their families. We believe our benefit improvements realize that goal. Effective January 1, 2018 we improved the employee match to our 401(K) program, previously we matched employee contributions 50% on up to 6% of their contribution. We now match 100% on the first 3% of their contribution and 50% for contributions above 3% up to 6%. As a result of benchmarking with other service companies as well as feedback from our employee survey process, we concluded that an improvement to our paid time off policies was warranted. Adding one more floating holiday for our team members to use anyway they wish was determined to be the best way to make improvements there. Rollins has always maintained a strong commitment to education, and in that spirit we are increasing the number of scholarship opportunities by 50% for our team member’s children. Each scholarship has a value of $12,000 over four years. Last, we will reward our U.S.-based team members with a one-time stock grant of stock in Rollins. These grants recognize tenure and are being given on a tier basis to employees of 2 years to 10 years or more of service. The stock is expected to be granted in May and will vest in one year. During the quarter we were also pleased to have announced that Rollins and Northwest Pest Control were awarded 2018 Top Workplaces honored by The Atlanta Journal-Constitution. This was the second consecutive year that Rollins has received this award and the several such awards for Northwest. This honor is based solely on employee satisfaction and engagement feedback gathered through a third-party survey. The survey measures several aspects of workplace culture, including alignment, execution, leadership and connection. At our core we are customer service company, so our track record of success is a direct result of the efforts of the dedicated and caring people that work at Rollins. To quote, Jerry Gahlhoff, VP of Human Resources and President of Rollins Specialty Brands, this recognition challenges us to continually raise the bar. We must strive to improve the work environment and reinforce our culture as we continue to build on our tradition of success. We’re also pleased for Rollins to have been recognized by Training Magazine as the Top 125 Training Company. For 12 years Rollins has been recognized with – excuse me, for 12 years Orkin has been recognized with this honor. This latest award recognizes all of the Rollins Corporation for the quality, commitment, and investment in training our people. According to the Training Magazine, the Training Top 125 ranking is based on a number of benchmarking statistics and is determined by assessing a range of qualitative and quantitative factors, including financial investment and employee development, the scope of development programs and how closely such development efforts are linked to the business goals and objectives. Thank you. And we’ll now turn the call over to Eddie.
John Wilson: So miles driven per vehicle is the measure that we reviewed. So we’ve got the Orkin brand on our Virtual Route Management tool as I think that you know and this was part of an offset for our increase of the fleet expense overall. By reducing our miles we were able to reduce our gallons used and improve our time in front of the customer or our technicians. So we’re seeing the maturity come to bear some good fruit for us.
John Wilson: Yes, I’m not sure if we can use the previous quarter and this quarter and kind of extrapolate out from there. I would just say that the maturity continues to pay dividends for us. We’ve really concentrated on making sure that we’re improving our on-time delivery and part of that has been the use of routing and scheduling and optimizing these routes. And our operations have really done a tremendous job. It really, really almost throughout the entire U.S. and we’ve got 500 branches and almost everyone is at the mark that we wanted to be at or significantly higher. So we’re reaping the benefits of that and we know we’ve got more opportunities as this moves forward.
John Wilson: Yes, Sean, thank you for the question. I don’t think I want to add to what Eddie had just said would be that our National Councils team just had a terrific quarter with a 60% sales increase year-over-year. And so the question is will that sustain, that’s hard to keep doing quarter-after-quarter. But I think with the added emphasis and focus those guys have on getting out of hunting up customers has helped tremendously. So in addition to field based sales effort that Eddie referenced, our National Councils group did a great job and I shout out to them for that.
