Gary Rollins: Yes. Thank you, Marilyn and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our first quarter of 2013 conference call. Harry will read our forward-looking statement and disclaimer and then we’ll begin.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Harry and by the way I didn’t know you’re an inspiring Polish. We’re now ready to open the call for any questions that you might have.
Gary Rollins: It’s and probably in the neighborhood of 20 to 30 basis points and administration and well and CSP. And on the insurance with three months certainly doesn’t make a year, the number of claims is running below last year. We haven’t seen the severity that we had last year. So at this three months into the year, we’re keeping our fingers crossed, we’re pushing out a lot of initiatives and raising consciousness in the field and trying to make it more and more part of safety, consciousness at top of mind. So we’re seeing some early favorable results but it doesn’t take too many bad accidents to set your back.
Gary Rollins: This is typically the residential pest control customer. And my day sales outstanding on my residential customers in Orkin, is right around 14 to 15 days because a lot of them pay me upon service. And customers who pay by credit card tend to stay and take a few extra services. So we continue try to encourage people to either pay in advance or pay with their credit card. Pricing trends, we saw like I said on a, what is still I think characterized by a lot of industries in the first quarter seeing consumer resistance and what not. We haven’t seen that in terms of pricing. We got a few percentage price realization average prices is going up, I think some of that is better sales presentations from the home inspectors, home sweeps as the problems we had. We are selling more combination jobs, like we’re doing termite treatments in conjunction with moisture control or insulations or the average job price is going up nicely in termite. We would hope that this commercial project that we’re doing BCG will raise commercial prices. Did not see any in our testing price increases, did not see any elasticity problems. We’ll have a more sophisticated price increase program this year, so you know we I mean we’re the leaders we make no bones about it. I mean we charge more than the rest of the industry but we’re worth it.
Gary Rollins: No I think no, April started off a little slow and certainly picked up momentum. I don’t think the phone is ringing off the hook out quite get out in December I saw my land got snowed out two days ago and I think they’re digging, yesterday was 23 degrees, 27 degrees for baseball game. And I think the match got snowed out in Minneapolis as well. So spring hasn’t come everywhere, but when I checked yesterday we’re running – we made up the early deficit and starting to run ahead. So we’ll keep our fingers going I think the new advertising campaign is kicking in. We’re getting a lot of play and getting good feedback on that. And I hope John Wilson.
Gary Rollins: Well, it certainly going to make people more insect-aware. I mean it can hurt but we don’t do any agricultural pest control.
Gary Rollins: Yeah, our retention, we watch our retention very closely. I mean those we will have lacked, those that we sold in the first quarter. So, our retention continues to improve and is – I mentioned or Harry mentioned about the customer service surveys, I mean we really have been working on improving our survey, I mean our service and measurement, our service. So I think that we’ve got programs in place, but the great thing is we have 400 locations, so when you get a big surge of lead like that it’s not like it all falls in Florida or North Georgia or whatever. So we’ve got a lot of people, a lot of branches that can assimilate that business. And so those customers got as good a first service as customers that were sold throughout the year.
Gary Rollins: That’s correct.Jamie Clement – Sidoti & Company: Okay. And then so from a lead generation perspective, you would expect – I would assume you would expect that the metrics to improve, whether it’s not by the end of the week certainly as you move into early May, is that...
Gary Rollins: One of the things, we’re having a big meeting on the 1st of May here where we bringing our leaders in and talking about acquisitions and measuring how well we’ve done with the acquisitions that we have completed. One of the things that we’re doing this year that is first for us is that we’re putting incentives, offering incentives to our region managers and branch managers to identify acquisition candidates and participate in the coating process and we’ve never done that before. So we’re hopeful that that will be beneficial. And for most pest control companies, I mean this first quarter was a disaster.Jamie Clement – Sidoti & Company: Right.
Gary Rollins: Well, I think we’ve got the best track record of ending with major quality I mean....Jamie Clement – Sidoti & Company: Yeah, no doubt.
Gary Rollins: Okay, well, thank you for joining us today. We look forward to the second quarter call and we’ll continue to work hard to continue to grow and improve our business. Thanks again.
Harry Cynkus: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all of the statements that have been made in this call, excluding historical facts, are subject to a number of risk and uncertainty and actual risks may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to today’s press release and our SEC filings including the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012 for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ. Let me now turn the call over to Gary, our CEO and recently promoted Vice Chairman of the Board.
Harry Cynkus: Well I think Gary and I both alluded to leads were down into the first quarter 20 plus percent, last year the weather got real hot starting in February, the tulips were out and the pest were moving about. So, while the – I don’t think it’s a trend of less interest because I think the takeaway, the interesting thing when you compare the leads this year to 2011 first quarter with weather was not as, still not as bad as this years but certainly far from what we saw in 2012, the leads were up 15% over what they were two years ago. So, I think on our top of mind the awareness, our marketing activities, our digital strategy are working, everything is in place to the weather is now back, we have spring, we got a new advertising campaign. So, we’re excited as to our potential to import.
Harry Cynkus: Yeah and I don’t have that in front of me the, our – we staff up in the spring that came late, so our productivity suffered. I’d have to go back and look – I think the deterioration in service.
Harry Cynkus: The revenue comes, the labors in place that will take care of itself. We’ll have our difficult price increased program goes in place in June. We’ve been working with Boston Consulting Group and the commercial side of business that we hope to see a little positive impact from that as well. So, I think that the first quarter was a full convenient. I think we would expect a return to our strength this quarter.Andy Davis – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay and I’m sorry.
Harry Cynkus: We always encourage our customers to either prepay or leave their credit card with us and we went from which I think seven, eight years ago with no credit card numbers and to auto-pay we’re today in excess I believe of 40% of our customers.
Harry Cynkus: John Wilson is going to help us on this too I think that’s one of the most heavily viewed shows on the reality show on television. Could be so, we haven’t seen any customer..
Harry Cynkus: But the answer – it’s not unusual to see a pickup in lost customers in that first year when you have influx of new customers because those are the most difficult to retain.Jamie Clement – Sidoti & Company: Right.
Harry Cynkus: Those are ones who want to become lifetime customers. We did see a small, our retention numbers on the residential side, were up a little. We didn’t quite retain as much it wasn’t any significant difference. On the commercial side, we saw our best retention and might have been its on regular termite.
Harry Cynkus: I think so, one of the things that we’re doing better, is that we’re looking at strategic areas of the country. And certainly a small acquisition might be extremely important in an area where we have a branch that say, doing $1 million and to add another $1 million really changes the branch margins dramatically.Jamie Clement – Sidoti & Company: Okay.
Harry Cynkus: And I think we are the acquirer of choice.Jamie Clement – Sidoti & Company: I would not disagree. Thank you all for your time as always.
