Gary: Yes. Thank you, Marilynn and good morning. We appreciate all you joining us for our first quarter 2014 conference call. Harry will read our forward-looking statement and the disclaimer and then we’ll begin.
Gary: Well, I think to some degree. I think you really got the big lift last year. I think what changed is that the reason -- my interpretation of the data is that you have satisfied customers and they tell their neighbor. And we are -- automatically we assume that the last year’s customer’s going to continue and have a very-very high retention rate of the customers. But I think it works. I mean, and people talking at parties and so forth that they got their backyard back. And I think it’s a very effective and beneficial service. I think that’s more -- you’re going to have publicity as a result of West Nile virus but our experience is, I think been more just the general knowledge of the consumer and the fact that it really works well.
Gary: Yeah. It gives us a nose in the tent, so to speak. And it’s the only service that I can ever remember where people make speeches on your behalf at a neighborhood barbeque. I think it’s just the customers just really love it and it works.
Gary: Well there is one positive about cold weather and that’s that the rats move in. So, there’s a lot of moving parts in this business and we just try to interpret to data as well as we can, but the rodent calls do go up as it gets colder.
Gary: I think the telling orders will be Q2, Q3. Last year, we did 81,000 new installs spread across during the year. Whether you’ve installed, with the system installed, typically when the house is sold, it doesn’t necessarily automatically get turned on.
Gary: Just like our regular customers who usually is an event (ph), that will drive them to the phone. So, they didn’t see the pest pressure in those homes in the first quarter. I think their -- I don’t have the number in front of me, I want to say their growth of new customers in Q1 might have been about 6%. But last year, their installs were up 30%. So, but we again, we didn’t have the pest pressure in January, February and March. So I would -- we would expect to see some very strong new customer acquisition in Q2 and Q3 at HomeTeam. They have a pretty much lock in that customer. If that customer wants pest control and someone else calls on them, they don’t have the key to the box. So, we’re waiting for them. We’re reaching out to them, and I think it pretends well for HomeTeam’s future with the growing customer base that they've built.
Gary: One of the things that you have a second facet when you make that new sale and we do have pricing tools that are very helpful, especially commercial wise, especially to the new employees that it just gives them a better perspective as to how to price properly. But the other side of the equation is closure. And that works both for the commercial, as well as the residential through our call centers. And with a zip plus four, we really have a better way of analyzing the demographics. And in some instances, if we get the kind of closure lift that we want, you might have a 5% price decrease, but we’ve got a wonderful situation with our call center because we can measure closure and average price and all. I mean, it’s like a laboratory. We don’t have to rely on the data being passed down the line from 400 branches. So, we’re very -- we’re as excited about closure improvement as we are average price improving.
Gary: Okay. No more questions. Well, we’d like to thank you again for joining us. And we’re excited about having another good year and we look forward to sharing with you our results next quarter. So, thanks again.
Rollins: Yes. Thank you, Marilynn and good morning. We appreciate all you joining us for our first quarter 2014 conference call. Harry will read our forward-looking statement and the disclaimer and then we’ll begin.
Rollins: Well, I think to some degree. I think you really got the big lift last year. I think what changed is that the reason -- my interpretation of the data is that you have satisfied customers and they tell their neighbor. And we are -- automatically we assume that the last year’s customer’s going to continue and have a very-very high retention rate of the customers. But I think it works. I mean, and people talking at parties and so forth that they got their backyard back. And I think it’s a very effective and beneficial service. I think that’s more -- you’re going to have publicity as a result of West Nile virus but our experience is, I think been more just the general knowledge of the consumer and the fact that it really works well.
Rollins: Yeah. It gives us a nose in the tent, so to speak. And it’s the only service that I can ever remember where people make speeches on your behalf at a neighborhood barbeque. I think it’s just the customers just really love it and it works.
Rollins: Well there is one positive about cold weather and that’s that the rats move in. So, there’s a lot of moving parts in this business and we just try to interpret to data as well as we can, but the rodent calls do go up as it gets colder.
Rollins: I think the telling orders will be Q2, Q3. Last year, we did 81,000 new installs spread across during the year. Whether you’ve installed, with the system installed, typically when the house is sold, it doesn’t necessarily automatically get turned on.
Rollins: Just like our regular customers who usually is an event (ph), that will drive them to the phone. So, they didn’t see the pest pressure in those homes in the first quarter. I think their -- I don’t have the number in front of me, I want to say their growth of new customers in Q1 might have been about 6%. But last year, their installs were up 30%. So, but we again, we didn’t have the pest pressure in January, February and March. So I would -- we would expect to see some very strong new customer acquisition in Q2 and Q3 at HomeTeam. They have a pretty much lock in that customer. If that customer wants pest control and someone else calls on them, they don’t have the key to the box. So, we’re waiting for them. We’re reaching out to them, and I think it pretends well for HomeTeam’s future with the growing customer base that they've built.
Rollins: One of the things that you have a second facet when you make that new sale and we do have pricing tools that are very helpful, especially commercial wise, especially to the new employees that it just gives them a better perspective as to how to price properly. But the other side of the equation is closure. And that works both for the commercial, as well as the residential through our call centers. And with a zip plus four, we really have a better way of analyzing the demographics. And in some instances, if we get the kind of closure lift that we want, you might have a 5% price decrease, but we’ve got a wonderful situation with our call center because we can measure closure and average price and all. I mean, it’s like a laboratory. We don’t have to rely on the data being passed down the line from 400 branches. So, we’re very -- we’re as excited about closure improvement as we are average price improving.
Rollins: Okay. No more questions. Well, we’d like to thank you again for joining us. And we’re excited about having another good year and we look forward to sharing with you our results next quarter. So, thanks again.
Gary Rollins: Jamie, the protocols have not improved or changed to a great degree. I guess the application equipment of the blowers have improved, I think which has helped improve productivity. And then really the application process, but there’s new, no new wonder chemical that’s come out that’s drastically changed mosquito control.
Gary Rollins: The best way -- and we’ve tried to chase this weather situation for decades. But I think we have the best impact now in using Google’s word searches that you can see. You’ve got a relatively stable data and that can tell you how many hits that they have on termites, how many they had on roaches, how many, the key pest. And I think that’s probably the best way we have of measuring demand. And then it’s been very helpful because without some way of trying to determine this, you could discontinue a winning advertising campaign or you could stick with a not too effective advertising campaign because you had great weather. So, we’re feeling better about using that as a barometer. We used to look at retail sales of aerosols and things like that. So, Nielsen had statistics on how well Raid sold and Decon and those kind of things. But that was kind of -- certainly there was a big lag, time lies with that. And compared to the Google approach I think it was just not as effective.
Gary Rollins: You don’t like to have an answer that we don’t know. Certainly, it doesn’t make me feel very comfortable in my position. But closure is impacted. We know that our use of HomeSuite and BizSuite on our iPads and all is improving closure, because we’re making a more professional presentation and especially for new employees, again, that it just gives them a roadmap to make a very professional presentation. So, it’s kind of hard to decide how much is HomeSuite and BizSuite have to do with closure, how much is better more finite pricing during the closure. And when I made the comment in the presentation, our idea is to keep coming out with these new programs that we know will make a contribution and not be weather dependent. And I think part of the reason we have such a good quarter was with a big lead decrease is that these individual initiatives are working.
Gary Rollins: I think you make a good point, Harry. Yellow Pages just doesn’t do the same job it did five years ago, the conventional media, radio and television. People are buying different, people are shopping differently than they were before. And I think what happens to these smaller companies is they try to get involved in the internet and they find out it’s very expensive. And they don’t see a lot of improvement and they leave. So there's a quite a bit of churn in the internet as far as these small to medium sized companies. So I think, Harry, you hit it on the head. Things are just different than they were before and it’s very difficult for them to compete with social media.
Harry Cynkus: It is one service – I think it has the highest retention numbers of any of our service offerings. So, we have proven to our customers over and over again that we provide a very effective mosquito service but there’s still high skepticism and I think it’ll make up less than 2% of our business last year, probably under 20 million in revenue or around 20 million in revenue.
Harry Cynkus: Yeah. In analyzing it, we saw just about every expense item as a percentage of revenue actually decreased a little. I mean, we I think put in some good -- and have always had good cost controls. But everyone was certainly focused on it in the first quarter with the revenue not coming on with the cold weather. So, I think people were conscious about not getting free with the spending. I think that the one that was a little more significant that I mentioned was on the fleet side, 3 years ago we switched from being primarily closed end leases to open end leases. And so, we’re starting to turn over some of those, the higher-mileage vehicles. And quite frankly, we’ve had some nice gains and the sales -- the used small pickup truck market is strong. And that probably was the only thing that really popped out noteworthy. And then -- going the opposite direction our termite service wages were high simply because the termite revenue didn’t come in, and you start adding the people because we have to find them, hire them, and train them. So we expect -- we’ll continue to focus on cost containment and the fleet can be somewhat variable, but more and more vehicles will be coming off, open-end leases where we’ll have the opportunity if the market stays strong.
Harry Cynkus: Yeah. We’ve looked at, and I don’t know how accurate this is. I heard it in a hallway conversation yesterday that one of the things as Gary just said is we look at Google searches and use that as a barometer for how we’re doing. And I think the number I heard that termite Google searches were down 25% in the first quarter, and we were down 25%. So, I guess I should feel good about that, but a double-digit decrease is always hard to overcome. We haven’t really put numbers, I can’t tell you if it’s 1% or 2%, that our revenue would have been better off if the weather was XYZ. But it had an impact, but the beauty and the strength of this business comes from the recurring revenue. And the business -- largest service line is commercial business and if you have a restaurant, it doesn’t matter if it’s January or June. You don’t want the cockroach going across the dining room floor. So, I would say from a commercial standpoint, maybe there was some specials we didn’t do because it was cold, certainly impacted the fumigation business. That costs us probably half a point. Could have been -- termite could have been up 2%, 3% instead of down way percent. So, it could have added up 1% to 2%.
Harry Cynkus: One other good aspect about HomeTeam is the retention is greater of those people that take the pest control service, because they’ve made an investment. I mean they feel like they own, and they do. I mean they own the system. So, I think that makes a stickier customer, and then also the fact that you can apply the materials from the outside and you don’t -- if there’s not a problem inside, this is just more convenient. So, this is really a very good customer for us when they do sign up.
Harry Cynkus: Well, as we do every year, we test the pricing in January and February and analyze it in March and April to determine what kind of price increase we may be passing along. The initial results I’m told from this year’s test has shown no change in elasticity. So, the executive team will be meeting here shortly to determine the actual pricing action that we will take. Sure there will be a price increase that will be rolled out in June and July. The pricing tools on the commercial side already have been rolled out. The initial numbers I’ve seen this first quarter, we’ve seen improved pricing, average pricing. We haven’t really I haven’t seen any deep dive analytics out of the analytic team as yet, but on a very top level basis, our average price has gone up. So we’re encouraged that the -- there’s no reason why those tools, if we use them and keep the discipline in place, forcing people to use them and manage them that shouldn’t yield stronger results. I don’t see really any, directionally any change in what we’ve been able to do historically when it comes to pricing.
Harry Cynkus: One of the tools, I’m not sure everyone is aware of it that we did roll out in the first quarter in the residential side, we’ve been pricing by zip code. I think that goes back five, six years. And we took that to the next level where it’s zip code plus four, so we can drill down into better data by -- within a large zip code, the demographics can change pretty dramatically. So, we think we can better price, come up with a better price per neighborhood than we have in the past. And I think that could very well be one of the things that are helping us in our closure that we’re pricing it more accurately into the neighborhood.
Harry Cynkus: I think the pipeline is strong here in the states as well. Healthcare cost continues to rise for everyone. It certainly has a bigger impact on the regional and smaller pest control companies. And I think they’re seeing that, and that higher cost comes directly out of that owner’s pocket. And they don’t necessarily know how to – or don’t feel they can necessarily pass it along. But in addition to that, I think something else that we are seeing or realizing and feeling is that the larger companies that can take advantage of the Internet are gaining an advantage, I had someone recently tell me that the business has changed, and a lot of the pest control companies have been in are late second-generation companies. And the way you acquire customers has changed. And the smaller company isn’t keeping up with social media and Twitter and LinkedIn and search engine optimization and all the other buzzwords. And I think they’re getting -- some of them are coming to a realization that times have changed and it might be better, it might be a good time to move on. So, we shall see, but we’re encouraged with the number of inquiries and us reaching out and touching people that we might see a pickup in acquisitions here in the States.
Joe Box: Congrats, Harry, on the birth of your second grandchild. KeyBanc Capital Markets:  Congrats, Harry, on the birth of your second grandchild.
Joe Box: Understood, thanks for that. One last one, then I’ll turn it over. Gary, I think you said earlier that you’re a bit disappointed with the revenue growth that you saw in 1Q. I know that this is going to be tough to measure, but is there some way you could try to quantify the weather impact? And then going forward, did you see a nice snap back as the weather broke. And maybe if you could just give some commentary on where leads are trending by business to give us a sense of that snap back. KeyBanc Capital Markets: Understood, thanks for that. One last one, then I’ll turn it over. Gary, I think you said earlier that you’re a bit disappointed with the revenue growth that you saw in 1Q. I know that this is going to be tough to measure, but is there some way you could try to quantify the weather impact? And then going forward, did you see a nice snap back as the weather broke. And maybe if you could just give some commentary on where leads are trending by business to give us a sense of that snap back.
Joe Box: Understood. Thanks guys, and nice job on a tough weather environment. KeyBanc Capital Markets: Understood. Thanks guys, and nice job on a tough weather environment.
