Gary Rollins: Yes. Thank you, Joe, and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our second quarter 2022 investor call. Julie will read our forward-looking statement disclaimer, and then we'll begin.
Gary Rollins: We've done quite a bit of research as far as our price increases are concerned. And certainly, we would be opposed to having another price increase this year. We really studied the frequency and the amount very carefully. And it's been our experience that you really need to have some time in between and don't get greedy.
Gary Rollins: Okay. Well, thank you all for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in our company, and we look forward to updating you next quarter on our progress. And thanks again.
Julie Bimmerman: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call, excluding historical facts, are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to today's press release and our SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Julie Bimmerman: Thank you, Jerry. First, I would like to congratulate both Gary and Jerry on reaching the next pinnacles in their careers. Gary, your extraordinary impact on Rollins has been legendary. Jerry, you definitely have large shoes to fill as CEO. Jerry, also watching your career grow from our early days at HomeTeam to President of Rollins has been exciting, and I have no doubt that you will excel in this new role. I appreciate your trust and leadership through the years and cannot wait to see what the future holds. So now on to the numbers. We delivered a strong second quarter highlighted by significant growth across many key financial metrics. As a reminder, we are including a slide deck on our website, which presents the numbers we discussed during today's earnings presentation. To view the deck, please go to rollins.com, click on News and Events and presentation. Our second quarter revenues of $714 million represented an increase of 11.9% actual exchange rate, 8.7% organic. For the constant exchange rate, the total revenue growth totaled 10.7% with 7.5% organic. As Jerry mentioned, residential, commercial and termite all presented strong double-digit growth for the quarter. Residential grew 11%, 7% organic. Commercial grew 11.2%, 9.3% organic. Lastly, we have termite, which grew 15% with 11.2% organic. Now on to our income. For the second quarter and year-to-date, we are presenting adjusted EBITDA for 2021 for comparison purposes due to the impact of our gain on sale of several of our Clark properties of $450,000 in Q2 of last year, and $31.5 million year-to-date in 2021. Second quarter EBITDA of 2022 was $159.2 million or 1.2% over 2021 adjusted EBITDA of $157.3 million. Second quarter 2022 EPS was $0.20 per diluted share equal to 2021 adjusted EPS. Second quarter 2022 gross margin decreased to 52.8% or 0.5 point below last year. As mentioned, fleet created another quarter of strong headwinds in Q2 2022 primarily from fuel presenting an increase of $6.8 million and vehicle repairs of $1.7 million over last year. Fuel increases were driven by over a 50% increase in our average price paid per gallon in Q2 2022 over 2021. Vehicle repairs were up due to the continued delay in receipt of new vehicles from the manufacturers. We keep our trucks longer, forcing repairs outside of our norm. Combined, these fleet expenses -- these fleet expense increases equated to 0.9 point in additional cost, taking these fleet-related increases out of the equation, gross margin increased over last year. Sales, general, administrative, or SG&A as a percentage of revenue for Q2 2022 increased over 2021 by 2.1% to 30.8%. Travel was a contributor as this increased 65.7% over Q2 2021. This was due to a return to normalized levels for leadership travel to branch locations along with overall increased cost in air travel and rental cars. We also saw an increase in advertising from a combination of an increase in our advertising campaign to counteract the late arrival of spring along with the impact of a change in our process for estimating and accruing our advertising expenses. Aligning these costs with our high Q2 sales equated to an increase in advertising of 2% of revenues over Q2 2021. For the full year, we expect overall normalized historical spend levels for advertising. Now for a few notes regarding our cash flow. Our dividends Q2 2022, totaled $49.2 million or an increase of 22% over 2021, while cash used for acquisitions increased 218.7% to $36.4 million for 2022. We ended the current period with $221 million in cash, of which, $62.9 million was held by our foreign subsidiaries. Our free cash flow for Q2 was $119.4 million or an increase of 26.6% over last year. This increase was primarily driven by timing of income tax payments. Last, I'm pleased to share that yesterday, our Board of Directors approved a regular cash dividend of $0.10 per share that will be paid on September 9, 2022, to shareholders of record at the close of business August 10, 2022. This represents a 25% increase over the dividend paid in September 2021. The dividend increase reflects our strong performance in the second quarter of 2022, it situates our financial strength and the Board's confidence in our continued growth. Gary, I'll turn it back over to you.
Julie Bimmerman: Sure. Tim, this is Julie. So I'll jump in. So I would say the -- our largest impact was getting back to the advertising expenses we said, which was gain -- or excuse me, an increase of 2% of our revenues. And I do want to go ahead and go over this. This is where we updated our quarterly processes for estimating and accruing our advertising expenses to better reflect our shift to digital advertising. I do want to make a point on this, though, and this is the key point is this, we will maintain the normalized historical percentage of revenue spend for the advertising when you look at the year as a whole. So we are dealing with timing there. The next largest item would have been our fuel and the fuel itself was a $6.8 million increase over last year. So that was significant over Q2 of last year.
Julie Bimmerman: Yes. And then to add on to that, just as a reminder, I think Jerry commented on his section of the script is our price increase that brought in over double what we typically see from our annual price increase. So that was a part of that growth as well.
Julie Bimmerman: Yes. And that's where we really worked hard at the end of last year is when we started doing the heavy staff up on our commercial side of our sales force just so that we could be prepared for this year and be able to honestly be able to close the deals that we're closing today.
Tim Mulrooney: First, I just want to say to Gary, congratulations. Very few CEOs can boast the same level of tenure and success that you can and I look forward to staying in touch regardless.
Tim Mulrooney: First one, EBITDA margins were down a little bit more this quarter than I was expecting. And what was helpful last quarter as you guys bucketed these things for us. The primary buckets being fuel or I don't know if you want to call it, fleet, another major cost bucket is labor and another one is materials, if you were going to rank those headwinds in terms of the things that impacted your EBITDA margins the most and if there's any way to quantify it. I think that would be really helpful for investors, it certainly was very helpful for us last quarter.
Tim Mulrooney: Okay. So I mean that's very consistent with what you said last quarter. I guess, labor had more disruption in January. But you were saying that, that wouldn't be as much of an issue going forward. It sounds like it's not, it's mostly fleet and advertising expense. So that's really helpful.
Jerry Gahlhoff: I would add that from a labor standpoint, we did a pretty good job of keeping service wages, in particular, relatively flat year-over-year. That really wasn't a significant driver of everything. It's heavily on what Julie mentioned.
Jerry Gahlhoff: January, it was driven by the COVID situation, which is just seems to be ramping back up again, but we're managing through it a little better right now.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Well, I think on the -- Julie, on the revenue growth side, we certainly got some additional lift from the price increase part that helped us quite a bit. We were lapping a pretty big second quarter last year, in particular, our -- the month of April and in 2021 was really difficult to lap from a growth standpoint, but we managed through it pretty well, and things picked up quite a bit in May and June to help recover from there. Retention remains -- customer retention remains strong, and our team is doing a pretty good job on service delivery. We're staffed better than we were a year ago from a technician standpoint, being able to get to new customers, service our existing customers. So that's all good. We've gotten a lot of positive response to, in particular, Orkin's transition to -- with their new ad campaigns. Especially with the Orkin Pro, we've received a lot of very strong feedback. Our -- the people that work at Orkin, our team members at Orkin really like it. It's getting a lot of attention. I know it's good when I hear about it from my children because they're seeing it on TikTok. And so they see those ads on TikTok and seem to have a lot of fun with them.
Jerry Gahlhoff: We're pretty well staffed on the sales side, both in the commercial and residential side. we can always -- there's always room for improvements to drive -- when you have a salesperson at full capacity or selling high levels monthly, the next step to do is hire another and build them back up and continue to drive that incremental growth and get improvements. So we always -- there's always a little bit of capacity there to do better. But as we get closer to capacity, we look to add staffing where it makes sense. And we're always -- that's just kind of a numbers game and math game that we play.
Jerry Gahlhoff: And certainly, the commercial results that we're getting are a result of those -- the increased staffing and the increased productivity for sales rep that we're seeing.
Jerry Gahlhoff: I would agree that those are the two main variables. It's going to be what happens with fuel and fleet and can we get our -- the trucks on time that we are expecting to be delivered to us. Can we get -- they can get delivered and we can start heading off some of these repair expenses that we're having. And then plus we have the ongoing benefit of offsetting some of these costs over the coming months with routing and scheduling, more of the technology adoption and advancement that we can get out there and increase usage of the tools they have, especially during busy season, that will help us with those offsets. Not too concerned about the labor side. I think we'll manage the labor. But certainly, fuel and vehicle repairs and materials supplies. Those are the wildcards that were basically managed through a very -- it seems like every week, we're getting notified about some other price increase that we're having to make adjustments to from suppliers. So that's why Julie said it's like playing whack-a-mole. So as long as we remain vigilant on that, and we'll see what happens from a fuel standpoint. That's the wildcard.
