Gary Rollins: Yes. Thank you, Joe, and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our fourth quarter and yearend 2021 investor call. Julie will read our forward-looking statement and disclaimer, and then we will begin.
Gary Rollins: Well we we've been competing with, both concerns. We think that there's going to be a lot of work to be done on with a merger of that size, which really provides opportunity. As the term oil really has typically generated turnover as far as customers are concerned. And certainly employees are concerned many will enjoy the new relationships, but others will not. So we look at it as it, an opportunity, but that doesn't really take our eye off of our business. Cause in the end that's really what matters.
Gary Rollins: John that's how, yeah, this is Gary, if I could add over the years, we've gotten fairly sophisticated in our rate cards and our price increases and so forth. It sounds like it's pretty simple, but we look at where the customer is currently, what they're currently charging when they've last had an increase the market, the competition and so forth. So, I think John made a great point. That's probably the first thing that we really address when we do make an acquisition. Typically competitors are, are slow to raise their rates. And we were historically, I mean, we had the same situation, but as we increased rates over the years and added the sophistication and data we've been and good at it. And it's really a margin contributor when we buy a Company
Gary Rollins: And we started the year out with acquisition potential deals in the hopper. So that's a good sign as well.
Gary Rollins: Well, thank you. We appreciate your support and interest in Rollins. Before we close, I'd like to share that Dr. Tom Lawley has decided to retire from service on our board at the end of his current firm, on behalf of our board and our entire team and myself, we'd like to recognize and thank Dr. Lawley for everything that he's done for our organization over the last 16 years. I don't believe he's ever missed a meeting. And his contribution's mirror is distinction distinguished service with Emory. Tom, you will be missed. Rollins is excited about our opportunities for growth in 2022. And we look forward to sharing our progress during our first quarter conference call in April. Thank you again,
John Wilson: Thank you and good morning, everyone. As Gary mentioned, we are extremely pleased with our 2021 performance and very proud of the hardworking men and women of our company that propelled us to achieve record levels of revenue growth across each of our brands. I'm also pleased to note that we again realized a very strong performance in our termite service line, posting year-over-year double-digit growth of 14.3%. While our termite business has been growing by double-digit for several years in a row now, termite damage claims as well as any related litigation have declined year by year reaching our lowest level in recent history during 2021. To be more specific, termite damage claims received have declined from a high of 9,349 to the low of 380 new claims received this past year. While at the same time, revenue from termite has tripled. The genesis of this great story started with a serious commitment to address a problem that had been building for several years, obviously resolve a loan wouldn't clean up a problem that large. Success came from a series of changes initiated by our leadership team to our culture, our training, our treatment protocols and our quality assurance processes. We significantly improved and expanded training of our field service and sales team members and our managers made that training mandatory before you could be allowed to service our customers. We held hundreds of regional training meetings and a multitude of termite-specific training modules were developed. We revised our treatment protocols to solve situations we were experiencing due in part to evolving new construction practices in various markets. These revised treatment protocols in many cases, exceeded state treating requirements. Additionally, we created a nationwide quality assurance team that took control of the claims process requiring our branch offices to report each claim immediately. This insured a quick response to our customers when most needed. This QA group also went to the field and inspected our team's work and verified that things were being done according to our new treating requirements. Finally, and maybe most important, the most difficult change was to our culture. As an example, any location, failing quality assurance team inspections had to make a trip to visit the division president of the company. Those that failed to adjust and adhere to the new practices by the time a follow up QA visit occurred, didn't receive a return trip. Change came quickly due to those practices. Fast forward to today and all our newly acquired companies are brought under these standards as quickly as possible. We believe these service level commitments are important to meet or exceed the expectations our customers have for us. Operationally, our service offering is led by a very strong and dedicated termite services group and a very experienced technical service team. I'm proud to work for a company that has made these commitments to protect our customers, our brands, and our reputation. Now let me turn the call over to Jerry who will provide more details on our business.
John Wilson: Yeah, Tim, and this is John. I might add that our commercial sales success was driven by both categories. And when I say both, I mean, local sales efforts, that's our local branches with feed on the street, adding accounts, but also our national accounts and I'm going off of memory. So forgive me if I'm off a little bit, but our national account sales effort for December was up some 50% or close to it. That indicates a lot of business being let out forbid to start the new year. But we were up in that one little month for by 50%. So pretty pleased with that.
John Wilson: Yeah, I would add that it, maybe it was typical for this year, Tim, but it's not always like that. So, we just -- we just never know. I think the benefit is -- kind of it with all extracted. Now it gives us a clearer picture.
John Wilson: So Mario, let me take a stab at it first. And maybe Jerry will have something to add. So you'll recall in previous quarters as this was maybe a building issue. We talked about most of our pay plans are productivity driven. So the more work they produce, the more they earn. And so while we're certainly turning over more than our norm our people are still pretty well paid and we are getting the more placed. And so getting to the lion share of our work, we have very little of it that's fallen through the cracks. So no doubt, it's a tough environment. Our people, I've used the term turnover, a lot of rocks before our people are having to turn over a lot of rocks to find new people. But as we talked about in our leadership meeting, that Jerry referenced week, the best course of action is not to lose them in the first place, right? Keep them engaged, keep them happy and not lose them. And then you're not bearing that cost of replacing them. So we are seeing some inflation pressure on a few of our jobs, and most notably our termite service technicians, those are, are typically hourly and we've had to up our pay rates in some markets, but, but we're still getting people and we're getting to, to the line, share of our work.
John Wilson: If we acquire a business that doesn't, we put one in pretty quickly. We want to bring structure and kind of logic to our pricing and everything we do,
John Wilson: Yeah. So this, this is John. What I would say to that is that may be certainly a factor in their decision making kind of process to sell or not sell. I think what we saw last year, more than anything was concern over taxes and what was going to happen with that. So, I would think that that say that was a bigger factor.
John Wilson: So, Michael, this is John. Let me kind of take a stab at what you're asking and then we'll go from there. So I'll start with the termite business. And we had kind of been in a long slow slide in terms of our termite customer base had been going down for many years. Part of that was by design. As we experienced some of the termite claims issues, that I mentioned that the -- during my piece, we moved the mix of, of business. So, we were up over 20% when that started. And I think we're now at around 17 for termite, but our termite customer base has started increasing. The last two years, we're adding to our customer base. And so that's, driving a big piece of it there as new customers, as it is in all of our segments. We're adding we added I forget the number exactly from 2020, but some, 60,000 new customers for our residential pest control group just in, or, and alone. And, the same has happening for commercial. So the lion share is, is of new with new customer additions. Keeping them just the [indiscernible] longer, always helps as well. And then we're still kind of historically at that 1% or so that we can point to and say, it's price. Anything to add Jerry, I don't…
John Wilson: Hey, Michael, we, our plan for 2022 is built on doing better than what we did in '21. So, we don't, we don't know, I guess it's probably the easy answer, but it's certainly our intention to keep chipping at it.
Jerry Gahlhoff: This is Jerry, Tim. A lot of the commercial sales growth is a result of the investment that we've made in the staffing. We saw an opportunity to capitalize on the rebound and we began upstaffing in that amongst our commercial sales team over a year ago during when things were still rough, we were investing in the business and getting people up to speed and ramped up so that we would be ready for the rebound and we've just basically been able to capitalize on that.
Jerry Gahlhoff: I would add as you look, as we look forward to 2022, we're really emphasizing to our managers about how much more time they need to spend on recruiting efforts as it's, if it may be that we have to spend as a hiring manager, you may have to spend two hours of your day, every day, focused on recruiting and hiring and on-boarding efforts. It's really an adjustment of how our managers have to spend our time in this changing environment. And that's a big part of what we look at and that's our -- that's a big part of our solution to how we handle this in the coming year.
Jerry Gahlhoff: I'm sorry, go ahead. I was just to say that, this is Jerry. I said, that's what -- that's what we strive to do; Always looking to get better.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Yeah. Mr. Rollins at the end of the, we haven't spent a lot of time talking about it, have we? It's -- it is not been high on our radar screen. We focus on what we do and getting the results that we get, and that's where we put our efforts.
Jerry Gahlhoff: The beauty of -- this is Jerry. The beauty of a rate card increases that unlike just a price increase to a recurring customer is that we can adjust that with a lot of flexibility in fairly real time. So if we saw a material increase in cost by X percent, we can, and pretty quickly in our rate card, moving forward, just increase our entire rate card to cover those that increase in expenses or whatever we deem necessary. And we can use the same, not only in materials and supplies, but also if we're experiencing some labor challenges or whatever, we can make those adjustments and usually make those adjustments within a week or so of us doing the analysis and figuring that out. So it's a little bit different than our recurring, like say as control or some sort of contract based revenue, price increase. It's a different model.
Jerry Gahlhoff: This is Jerry. There's no doubt that the Orkin brand and the brand presence, the amount of marketing you see on television, on various social media, how they go to market, has helped their employment brand as well, to make them that Employer of Choice in our industry. And certainly they -- I'm not saying they have an easier, easy time, but they have maybe a little bit of an easier time because they do have such a strong brand and such strong brand recognition from an employment standpoint. There's certainly that, that type of tailwind that they get, there's no doubt, compared to say a, a small Mom-and-Pop Company, something along those lines. We, we definitely have some advantages there.
Jerry Gahlhoff: I would say if you're looking at the, the difference, what the difference is, it's really when you're improved your customer retention rate, and you are adding customers at a higher rates than you had historically, then you get the kind of growth that we get. Those are the main drivers.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Yeah, Michael. So that was me, that John didn’t mentioned that. And you're right. I mean, as the year wore on it got less and less maybe certain that that tax law would change. Hopefully, hopefully we're at gridlock with it. I and that, and on that subject but, but it may well happen that, that some of the other challenges, whether it's just the day to day running the business and the costs, different things, that's inflation, that's going on and buying products or whatever. They'll all add up to a continued acquisition market. We think that's kind of the case.
