Gary Rollins: Yes, thank you, Marilyn and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our second quarter 2012 conference call. Harry will read our forward-looking statement and disclaimer and then we will begin. 
Gary Rollins: I think I could add to that. There is just a lot of moving parts in our business. I think it is margin improvement often is more art than science. The influx of termite business typically contributes to the margin because it is profitably quick, whereas pest control it takes a couple of quarters to cover your initial cost when you start, and your commission that you pay. So that affects the margin. I think the positive thing that I could say is if you look historically, Orkin has had much better margins, and it would be in our intent to continue to work towards getting to those levels again. I think service suite, when functioning company-wide has the ability to do that because of the productivity and mileage improvement opportunities that exist with it. I think that is the real payoff for that but we’re a long way from having that implemented throughout the company. 
Gary Rollins: Philosophically we are not expecting any margin -- Harry kind of turns pale when I say that, but we -- as I mentioned there is just a lot of areas whether increasing of pricing, getting half a count more a day from our pest control technicians. There are just a lot of levers that you can pull and we really believe that we can continue to move our margins, improve our margins as we go forward. 
Gary Rollins: You know, the retention, pest control, commercial, you know, we saw improvement over prior quarter, over prior year. You know, I don’t have immediate information on what happened to our customers we have signed up in Q1. We do know our gross contract revenue grew from Q1 to Q2. So, I feel pretty strongly that the customers that we added in Q1 you know, are here in Q2 that, you know, that we continue to work with our net promoter score. We are working to build that into the culture. We think we are definitely think it is helping us on our retention. I believe it was mid quarter. It would have been May, and we had one of our, it was the best performance to index retention that we have ever had. So things are working in the right direction. We are focused on continuously improving customer satisfaction and it is a good opportunity for us to grow the business by retaining the customers that we have. I love the examples of our 100-year-old commercial customer, and 57-year-old residential customer, and we hope to be continuing to add stories like that. I think our survey programs is really the most powerful tool that we have had on a long-time as far as improving retention, and we really learned that from HomeTeam who began surveying their customers I think as long as 10 years ago. And we saw the data that just showed how it moved retention and one of the things it does is it really gives a branch or report cards that they can look at and see how they are comparing to their peers and how they compare to the same previous survey that was done at the same time of the year, and just get a lot more believability. Sometimes it's hard to get your point across that, you know, you're not really doing as good a job as you think you're doing, but when the customer tells you that, you know, you can't deny it. So I think that that's you know, we've been able to kind of break through the clutter so to speak and really have a good tool to motivate our branches to improve the service that they have done. 
Gary Rollins: I would think so. I mean, certainly those branches as they mature, you know, certainly will be improving their margins et cetera. But at that time when you look at you know, 400 locations you know, we're not going to have a large number of branches converted at that time. So I think that, you know, when it is all done when it is all said and done and you've got branches that have been on it for 18 months and 12 months and six months, at that point you will see some I believe that you will see movement in productivity, and movement -- improvement in fleet expense, fuel, number of vehicles et cetera. 
Gary Rollins: Okay. You know, just to add to what Harry said, the reason you have a pilot is that you want to make sure that you really get the warts kind of removed so to speak and have it running smoothly. I've been through several of these doing my career and the worst thing you want to do is step on the gas when you don't have an A plus system and we are far from having an A plus system. 
Gary Rollins: Clint, I think it might be helpful. You know, we've been doing this for years and I guess we brought Boston Consulting in, was that three years ago? Just to make sure that we were using the most sophisticated testing that you could do and there were some refinements that we made, but we test the Sunbelt branches, Florida, Southern Louisiana, South Texas that really continue to have mild weather. So when we do this, we are pretty much replicating the season if you will, and we really didn’t see a noticeable difference as far as retention is concerned, which should take different levels. We look at 6%, 4%, 0% and, you know, the zero is our control, and so, you know, we really don't feel like we are rolling the dice by any stretch of imagination and, people really consider, our customers consider our service important, and keep in mind you know, we're not talking about hundreds of dollars per account, typically we are talking about you know, $4 or $5. So, one of the advantages that we have you go to raise the prices is you know, you are just not going after a tremendously large amount of money as far as the individual residential customers. 
Gary Rollins: Well, I think bed bugs give you an wonderful opportunity to sell your regular home pest control service. Quite often when we are out there looking for bed bugs, we find spiders in the basement or we find mouse droppings or whatever. I mean, get in the home. So we have a wonderful opportunity to take a bed bug call if you will and turn it into a regular annual pest control contract. So there is no doubt that we are getting the benefit of that, and really as we continue to work with these universities and these manufacturers, and I think we had mentioned earlier that we're experimenting with DNA testing to identify bed bugs infestations with Auburn University. So there is a potential of having ongoing inspections. If the homeowner doesn't really change their lifestyle, and I am talking about residential now, if one or more of the members of the household have a job that requires travel and staying in hotels and motels throughout the country. 
Gary Rollins: But New York, I mean New York is kind of scary the city and many of the major, certainly the northern major cities like Chicago and Kansas City and so forth. So there is a very likelihood that if you have a bed bug infestation certainly from a residential point of view that you could have one again. From a commercial point of view, if you are in a hotel, I mean, literally we could eliminate the bed bugs in the month of August and a guest brings bed bugs into the hotel in September. So I think that there is a lot of opportunities as far as looking at ongoing inspection service both residential and commercially and the fact that we will no doubt sell other services to the residential customer once we establish that first relationship. 
Gary Rollins: Well, I think that we have reached out to our exist -- we do a better job today reaching out to our existing customers, and making sure that they are aware of the fact that we do, do mosquito service. I think that's been a big improvement. It's not just the pest control customers but reaching out to all of our customers, termite customers as well. I think another thing is we continue to go out each year. It’s so much like lawn care and that you know, that we continue to provide the service until the customer says I don’t want any service, and the wonderful thing about mosquitoes is our service there is it really works. So I think like anything else we got a little smarter as far as doing it. We're doing more direct mail as far as mosquito service is concerned. So I think just like any service line that has matured somewhat, we’ve just gotten a little smarter in the way we reach out to potential customers. 
Gary Rollins: Yes, HomeTeam has been a, you know, very good acquisition for us. We always wish we could control the timing and buy it at the bottom the housing market, but we missed by a year or two, but the HomeTeam is growing. They had in excess of 6% revenue growth in the quarter. The number of -- what's really encouraging with HomeTeam is their new system installs. I believe their installs year-to-date this year, nearly just over 30% over last year, and that's a positive because those installs will represent new customers, pest control customers next year. The downside of rapidly increasing installs is it puts pressure on their margins in the short term. We do lose money on the installs but putting in a system and the cost of putting that system in for HomeTeam is really -- we look at it as customer acquisition costs. So as long as we are getting good cooperation with the home builder that we know who they’re selling their homes to, and we are getting good penetration and activation of those systems, we are happy to take that short term loss for that long-term customer. The HomeTeam is performing well, the news you're reading about the home sales and home starts picking up and people being optimistic, we're definitely seeing it in a lot of HomeTeam’s markets. 
Gary Rollins: It’s kind of like a plant in the garden. You know, I mean, you got to plant it to harvest it, and you know, if you really want to improve your margins in that business don’t grow. You know, which as Harry said is certainly not the desired strategy but once you get those recurring revenue stream built, then it goes finance the installs, but you know, the new installs that you’re doing. So this lull that we’ve had where we really didn’t have the garden planted all that well, we just have to overcome that by getting your installs. 
Gary Rollins: Yes, the other piece of it is residential, which is 90%. So although the growth rate, you know, percentage wise is far greater, just the base is far smaller but this is the first time that we’ve really seen a jump like this as far as residential is concerned. 
Gary Rollins: Yes, so I mean to us that's a encouraging situation, and if you would expect I mean, if you're staying in these hotels and motels that are infested, you know… 
Gary Rollins: You bring them home. I think the press has done a good job of educating the public as to what to look for in the fact that the situation is out there, and we really were encouraged by that. I mean, it’s the smaller number than commercial, but the fact that we saw that kind of jump so far this year has been very encouraging. 
Gary Rollins: Okay, as always we appreciate your interest in our company and we look forward to visiting with you again next quarter. 
Harry Cynkus: Our earnings release discussed as our business outlook can contain certain forward-looking statement. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call, excluding historical facts, are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual risk may differ materially from any statements we make today. Please refer to today's press release and our SEC filings, including the risk factor section of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011 for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ. 
Harry Cynkus: Good question, and I think it is just more variability than anything really specific. You know, if you go and look at how we have improved margins over 10 years, it is not always the same items, we didn’t see the productivity improvements that sometimes we see this quarter, and with the large influx of leads and new business coming from the residential, it is kind of hard to -- if you want to get all those new customers started that is certainly probably -- it is probably a bigger share of both. But beyond that I don’t have anything specific. 
Harry Cynkus: Both residential and commercial had double digit lead increases, they weren’t big double digit, but they were both over 10% increases in leads. 
Harry Cynkus: We had some -- as we talked about, the software is working real well on the residential side of the business. We do have commercial branches up and operating, with the software. We have identified, opportunities for improvement before we want to roll out further, we definitely still need to improve response time and have some greater functionality there. So to really know how much leverage we’ll have in 2013, I think we have to have the game plan for how many branches we’ll be rolling out in 2013… 
Harry Cynkus: And the maturity of those branches and the big question is, how much development we get done over the next couple of months, over the summer and whether we will be ready to start staging an aggressive rollout or not. We should be able to answer that question fuller come three months from now when we have well our programmers have done. 
Harry Cynkus: You know, we tested in the -- over the winter months, similar as we have done for each of the past four or five years, we really didn't see significant differences. So we rolled out a full price increase program June 1 throughout Orkin. July 1 from HomeTeam, the dollars that our customers saw the increased first-time June 1. So we won't know until later here in July and August as to you know, the sticking rate whether we have to rollback prices or not. We don't suspect and we're not thinking at this time that it is going to be any different than prior years based on the testing that was done. So we think it’s pretty much like it has been. 
Harry Cynkus: We’ve hired our first group of field trainers, and we brought them on at the end of last quarter. That’s going to add several hundred thousand dollars in the third quarter. We probably won't add any more trainers until later or late in the third quarter once we get a good feel for the rollout for the fourth quarter. So the total incremental cost that we’ll see in the P&L probably before the year is out I'd say will be less than you know, $0.005. It won't be a significant drag this year. 
Eric Hollowaty: Harry, could you just quickly remind or quantify for us how much incremental operating expenses you expect this year for the branch operating system implementation. 
Eric Hollowaty: Great. That's very helpful, and any sense you can give us for how HomeTeam has been performing of late and maybe any commentary on the near-term outlook there. 
Eric Hollowaty: That's great and just to refresh my memory, those customers, those installs typically convert at around 70% or so. 
Eric Hollowaty: Right, make sense. And just one final one, I think it was Gary in your remarks, you talked about the bed bug business and I just want to make sure we got the numbers correct. I think you said that the business during the quarter as a whole was up around 40%, and two thirds of it was from commercial which was up 20%... 
