Gary Rollins: Yes. Thank you, Marilynn and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our fourth quarter and 2017 conference call. Eddie will read our forward-looking statement and disclaimer, and then we’ll begin.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Eddie. For the quarter revenue grew 7.5% to $414.7 million, compared to $385.6 million for the same period last year. Income before taxes rose 30.5% to $68.5 million, compared to $52.5 million for the fourth quarter of 2016. As a result of the new Tax Act net income declined 11.2% to $33.7 million or $0.15 per diluted share, compared to $38 million or $0.17 per diluted share for the same quarter last year. However, without these significant tax related items net income increase 19.2% and earnings per share were up 23.5% to $0.21. Revenues for the full year grew 6.4% to $1.673 billion compared to $1.573 billion for the same period last year. Net income increased 7% to $179.1 million with earnings per share of $0.82 per diluted share, compared to net income of $167.4 million or $0.77 per diluted share for the prior period. Again, without the significant tax-related items for the year, net income was a $190.7 million, up 13.9% with earnings per share of $0.87, up 13%. Eddie will review in a few minutes the specifics on the negative impact of the Tax Act to our financials for the past quarter. All of our business lines experienced good growth in the quarter with residential up 6.9%, commercial pest control grew 5% and termite and ancillary rose 15.6%. In summary, 2017 was an excellent year for our company as we continue to execute our strategic plans and goals. These are initiated to our culture of continuous improvement in all we do. We remain committed to service improvement and employee development and are accomplishing both. In the past year, we had 12 international franchises to our network as we continue to increase our presence around the world; we also advanced our acquisition strategy having added Northwest Exterminating which was discussed in our last call in several small tuck-in acquisitions. We greatly improved our routing and scheduling capabilities resulting from the implementation of BOSS and its virtual route management features. John will elaborate on this shortly. Those of you are familiar with our company know that we recognize there's always room for improvement in all we do. We will continue to raise the bar in 2018 and look forward to taking our company to the next level. I’d like now to turn the call over to John Wilson, our Rollins’ COO and President.
Gary Rollins: Well, we know that from Q3 to Q4 we had a lot more of our customers that were up and running or had their personal situation that improved during Q4. For those that were impacted by Hurricanes and things like that when a home is either destroyed in a worst-case scenario or is greatly impacted, they’re going to met our services, that’s not going to be something that’s a priority to them. To add those recovery efforts that continued, we continue to see more for our customers coming back to us in Q4.
Gary Rollins: Yes. Joe, I think we were pretty much done with the hurricane impacts. I would say in Q4 it wasn’t really a prime situation from a weather perspective immediately a lot of areas that were shutdown and I think that impacted some things that we had to go above and beyond from a cost perspective in some areas because of that weather. And I think there was a little bit impact with that, but I'm not sure that we know exactly what the total amount that would be as far as the number that you were thinking that would be.
Gary Rollins: Yes. So something like installation in a home that has pest offerings in it that helps you reduce the pest opportunity is an example something there. But termite as we’ve talked about its not growing as fast as pest control is. But it still growing for us, but to John’s point we have these other items that are also able to keep some of our termite folks more productive as they are out. So they’re able to out beat the part of termite job and also have opportunities in some of these other areas as well.
Gary Rollins: Rollins are excited about the opportunities for 2018 and we very much appreciate your interesting in our company and look forward to updating you on our progress throughout the year. Thank you.
Eddie Northen: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call, excluding historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual risks may differ materially from any statements we make today. Please refer to today’s press release and our SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Eddie Northen: I think for the full year 2018 we’re going to be in the mid-20s and I think Q1 will be slightly better than that because of the share-based compensation.
Eddie Northen: I don’t have that calculated. I’m sure we can go back and look at the impact that we have for 2017. We know what’s our historic rate was for 2017 and then the impact we saw in Q1 from that. I just don’t have that in front of me, Joe.
Eddie Northen: Again, we don’t have anything broken out on that as far as any specifics are concerned. The only specifics that we’ve gone through and we’ve looked at has to do with our deferred tax, our foreign assets and with our pension, those are the only things that we’ve broken out specifically. So I’d have to get back you with any other specifics on that.
