Gary Rollins: Yes, Marilyn. Thank you and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our Third Quarter 2018 Conference Call. Eddie will read our forward looking statement and disclaimer and then we'll begin.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Eddie. Well, we're very pleased to report our 50th consecutive quarter of improved revenue in earnings. Revenues for the quarter grew 8.3% to $487.8 million, compared to $450.4 million for the same period last year. Net income increased 29.6% to $52.9 million, or $0.31 per diluted share compared to $51.4 million or $0.24 per diluted share for the same quarter last year. Revenues for the first nine months rose 9.3% to $1.376 billion, compared to $1.259 billion for the same period last year. Net income increased 24.3% to approximately $180.7 million with earnings per diluted share of $0.83 compared to $105.4 million or $0.67 per diluted share for the same period last year. We expect good growth in all of our business lines in the quarter with the residential up 9.2%, commercial pest control rose 5.7% and termite and ancillary grew 11%. Eddie will provide greater detail on our financial results in a few moments. On August 10, we are privileged to celebrate a historic milestone for Rollins, the 50th anniversary of our company's trading on the New York Stock Exchange. The anniversary was significant in both a business and personal level. To celebrate the occasion, our Chairman, Randall Rollins and Lead Director Henry Tippie rang the closing bell and in doing so made history at the Exchange. They hold the distinction of being the only two directors present for our company's initial listing in its 50th anniversary on the New York Stock Exchange. We're fortunate to have their contribution and leadership for that period as well. As many of you know, we've also hosted an Analyst Day as well as an exhibit in experienced square [ph] in front of the Stock Exchange. This exhibit showcased historical items from our Rollins Heritage Center such as our World War II era horse-drawn wagon and a bicycle that Orkin technicians used to provide service when gasoline was rationed. We also displayed our current trucks from the various brands like Western, Waltham, Critter Control, HomeTeam, Northwest and Orkin that are used today. In addition, we unveiled some of our new field technology that we're rolling out and provided more detail on this suite [ph] at commercial iPad application. We're proud of our heritage and the achievements that we've made over the past 50 years. Since acquiring Orkin in the 1964, we have grown from a few U.S. operations to a premier global consumer commercial services company with more than 700 operations in 57 countries. In the early 90s, recognizing how good Orkin in the pest control industry were, Rollins narrowed its focus on pest control and sold all of our non-pest control businesses. We then began to open new Orkin branches, created Orkin franchises both domestic and international and initiated an acquisitions strategy, all of which remains the same today. Our goal was also to purchase other leading pest control companies which at the time started with the acquiring of PCO services, which is now Orkin Canada and Canada's largest pest control company. This purchase would be followed by Western, Waltham and at 2008, HomeTeam Pest Defense which at the time was the fourth largest pest control company in the United States. These were followed by many others, all of which we were able to grow and improve. Other acquired international companies followed in Australia, the United Kingdom and recently Singapore. During this time, we also realized that there were segments of the pest control industry in the U.S. that would complement our growth strategy. We added to our portfolio Industrial Fumigation, the largest commercial pest control fumigation company in the United States, Trutech and later acquiring the master franchise or the best-known U.S. wildlife brand, Critter Control. By the way, today, we're the country's largest wildlife control company. Our acquisitions strategies has continued most recently with the purchase of Northwest Exterminating and Kentucky's [ph] OPC Pest Control company. None of these successes would have been possible without our people who have been the central part of Rollins' past and present accomplishments. I never grow tired of saying and recognizing that our employees are our company's most precious asset. Our team's dedication and experience shaped not only who we are today, but will direct what we will do in the future. We have a tremendous opportunity to improve all of our existing businesses while at the same time expanding our global footprint through new locations and acquisitions. Let me now turn the call over to John.
Gary Rollins: Well, I think the last case is certainly there that you have aging owners and -- and some cases with no areas [ph] that's really particularly interested in the business, I think that's one of the motivation. There's a lot of interest in activity in the acquisition area. There is -- some of the international companies are realizing what a good market that North American is and that's probably accelerated some of our efforts in energy. But the great thing is the last couple of deals that we made we were the only suitable cost with the reputation that we have in absorbing these new companies versus the other guys. And in fact one of the things that we do is give them the phone numbers and saying call these other acquired companies and see if they're happy or not. So we're just stepped on the gas a little bit and we're particular though, I mean we don't want just anything we -- it's foolish to buy a very low price company when one of the things that drives our success is the fact that we charge good rates for the business that we do. So we have to find the right individual, the right company and we're working hard at it.
Gary Rollins: I think the health risk has also created greater demand. I think you read about these articles almost every other week that there's been more mosquito-related health problems. We don't really see that even the CDC has not given us any attention or assurance that's going to change. I think it will -- we think it will just continue to pick up, plus the customers are highly satisfied with this service. I mean, we're really giving them their backyard back if they can barbecue and enjoy a better lifestyle when the mosquitoes are not keeping them in the house.
Gary Rollins: So I just think, I'll start with the last one first the BOSS system in Orkin Canada. They're on track for us to be able to see something early 2019. So we've gone through -- we're going through the development, going through the adjustments that need to be made for currency, for frequency of services, for some different service lines. But we feel like we'll be able to see something rolled out pretty well early 2019, which means we should be able to see some type of benefits toward the end of 2019 for Canada. As far as the other initiatives are concerned, we continue to test and roll out the new visibility that we're going to have for our customers that we talked about when you were at the Stock Exchange Analyst Day. We're -- we're continuing to get good feedback from customers with that that are feeling better about the communication that we're giving them and kind of giving them a better overall customer experience. The virtual route management, I talked a little bit about the improvements that we saw in September having to do with -- with our miles and that's even after lapping this over another year. So over 5% gain in September alone on top of what we've seen in previous -- in the previous year. So all the initiatives continue to move forward well. The IT team is staying on top of the request from the operations side to make sure that we are using BOSS most efficiently and most effectively. And I think on average, the IT group gets and implements 100 small upgrades on a monthly basis. So they're constantly just fine tuning and tweaking it, just to make it a little bit better and a little bit easier to use and little bit more customer-friendly for us. So continued positive momentum in those areas.
Gary Rollins: One of the reasons that we increased our benefits, people hold benefits certainly equal, if not higher than compensation or their -- their pay -- take home pay. So we made a pretty big move as far as improving the 401(k) and scholarships and stock to the -- our North American employees, which we think will make a big difference both in recruiting and retaining our employees. The other thing that we are proud of is how well the stocks done. We have about 85% and 90% of our employees were in the 401(k) plan. So when the stock goes up, you know, their assets go up and their retirement benefits go up. So we think we've got a lot of things working for us that -- that some of the others really don't. It was amazing how a few people really took the tax money and spend it, invested with their employees.
Gary Rollins: Okay. Well, thank you, all, for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in our company and we look forward to reporting our fourth quarter and year-end results in January.
Eddie Northen: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call, excluding historical facts, are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual risks may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to today's press release and our SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 for more information, and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Eddie Northen: Yes, Michael thanks for the question. So we don't break out the specifics of a price and the new customer by quarter. We'll kind of talk about that at a high level. I will tell you that retention, we had a really good retention quarter. John and team continue to make improvements in the area of reducing cancel customers. The service levels continue to be improved, and I think that as well as the communication we have through our technology is helping to make that overall customer experience better. So retention definitely a positive for us. We continue to add new customers and our pricing has probably stayed relatively intact with what we've seen in previous quarters somewhere between that 1% and 2% range.
Eddie Northen: It did get better and we've seen -- we've seen incremental improvements in our retention over the last probably eight quarters now, but Q3 was even little bit of a better positive step there for us.
Eddie Northen: We don't have any numbers at this point in time to share with everyone. We have leases, vehicles, we have leases, facilities, and we also have some other outline leases such as things like uniforms and different things like that. So we're still working through that process. We'll be prepared, as we're moving forward in future calls. At this time, we don't anticipate there being anything materially different, but as we have more information we'll share that with you.
Eddie Northen: Sorry. Mike let's someone else take out -- take your question if you could. We will get you back into the queue.
Eddie Northen: Yes, Chris, thanks. This is Eddie. So we've offered the mosquito products for several years, but it is not been one that we really had put a lot of time and effort into from a coordinated basis on the marketing and the operation side. And so those that were kind of -- kind of on the forefront, we're out there trying to -- trying to work and win the mosquito business.But now that we have marketing that has really put a good push on the operators are on the same page, 2018 we saw a really good first step forward. We saw it in several of our brands, Orkin, Northwest HomeTeam, as well as other brands that were out there that had good growth. And I think that we'll continue to see that, as we've seen this momentum start in 2018. I think we'll continue to see this, as we move forward in time. John I don't know, if there is anything else you want to add as far as that concern.
Eddie Northen: Yes, Chris, so this is Eddie. So we'll have some about. We'll have share of wallet and piece of that can be exactly what we're -- were' just talking about what the mosquito. So they are an existing pest control customer of ours. We cross sell them the mosquito and so we pick up new revenue at that point in time. But we also are incrementally taken some market share. I talked about this specifically in Northwest and the games that they're seeing in the markets that they're in. But we are seeing that with some of our other companies as well. So both -- I think it's really both that are -- that are going out for us.
Eddie Northen: I don't think we know if it's impacted by the hurricanes, but the second hurricane would have probably the more impacted in the current quarter. The Q3 that we had this year we're comping the biggest growth that we had in 2017 beginning of the quarters. [Indiscernible] had a little bit of it. And then we're also going to always have a little bit of lumpiness kind of in between the quarters as well. When you look at the full year, it's absolutely in line with what we've seen over the previous probably three years now.
Eddie Northen: We have not seen any slowing at all with HomeTeam. They have over a million customers that we put the -- or they put the Taexx system in. So even if housing does slow, which of course we know it will at some point in time, they have a database to be able to go and win new customers even without new homes being built. So they're constantly working on that. They also have a very robust mosquito business. And then also in the termite business that we talked about before the pre-treating for the termites as well as the recurring of termite service. So the Taexx is what they're known for and there are big things that they do, but they also have other revenues that they've been successful with.
Eddie Northen: It has kind of stayed intact based on our revenue growth overall. And as you know a lot of our operations are working kind of on a productivity basis. So it makes more sense for them to use this technology that we had in place for them to be more efficient to drive less and to be able to work more and they're getting a little bit of a benefit, where they're getting the benefit of that from -- from the pay perspective, when they get an opportunity to do more jobs. So we're really not seeing that as an headwind at this point, but we'll continue to manage that. The thing that we got to make sure that we're staying ahead of is, is retaining the employees best we can because of course, there are -- there are costs that are related to hiring, to finding and hiring new employees. But again it's not something that we wouldn't be even listed out as the top three or four item on any of our cost-related areas.
Eddie Northen: We did see, if you take a look at the income before taxes and the income after, you'll see we had a little bit of an acceleration compared to Q2 and the year-to-date number. So we are seeing some of the benefits from the historically high Q2 recurring revenue growth that we saw, but we did see our recurring revenue growth in Q3 grow at a higher-than-average rate. So we're continuing to see positive in that area not -- again not to the same degree we saw in Q2. So we saw little bit of benefits that are -- that are of the majority of that that have started and our -- our anticipation would be, we'll continue to see that as we move into Q4, and as we move into next year.
Eddie Northen: So we haven't broken that out. It did not offset a 100% of it. Our price per gallon was up $0.56 year-over-year, which is a significant increase. So we did not offset said that. But it offset more than half of it, I will say that.
Eddie Northen: Michael, I think flat to slightly positive is what we'll see, as we finish out the year. And then I think as we go into 2019, we'll see a little bit more acceleration from that. The time that we see the benefits from this recurring revenue is after the third and fourth service. So based on the service frequency that the customer has will depend on when we will see the benefits from that. So again historically high growth rates in Q2, if you look at in every other months, where customer, you can do the math as far as when we would really see the benefits. And then again in Q3 like I just mentioned, we saw above average recurring revenue growth, which we'll see positive improvements from as we move forward as well, so.
Eddie Northen: I think it was a little bit more than that. I don't have that number on top of my head. We can take a look and see what that is.
Eddie Northen: Yes, Michael, we'll take this as the last call for you or the -- I'm sorry, the last question for you. We continue to look at the opportunities from a technology perspective. We continue to look at all the different opportunities that are out there. We've tested, I believe probably every single opportunity that's out there, we want to make sure that we are understanding what the best opportunities that are. This is still a human business at the same time. Making sure that we have the right connection with our customers is an extremely important part. So we're going to continue to make sure that we understand what technology benefits exist and where that would make sense, we'll go through and we'll put those in place. We really only had the most opportunity, where we have the BOSS operating system and we don't have that in all places as well. But we'll be positioned when and if there is indeed from a market perspective to be able to put that in place.
Eddie Northen: I don't believe there's anything it hasn't come out on the call. I think the last question, where we talked about the recurring revenue and where we'll see the improvements on the profitability side. I think we'll continue to see that help us in Q4 and moving into next year. I think based on everything we know right now, those are probably the most impactful items. We still don't have a full view of everything from the hurricanes. We don't anticipate it being anything material based on what we know right now.
Eddie Northen: The number is 34. I'm looking to see if we have the numbers here. I don't think we've said the number of companies. But we're going -- we can take -- we can take a look real quick in dollars we do have, I believe it's $77 million [indiscernible] that's right. Yes, so $77 million this year, it was $127 million last year because we had Northwest that we purchased last year. So $77 million so far this year. And we'll take a look to see if we have the companies. But of course, that will be made available once we have our 10-Q available, the number of companies would be available.
John Wilson: James, that's a great question. We're always working on that. I don't know how you would answer that as far as millennials go. That is the largest group that we hire today.
John Wilson: So we're still continuing to or we are continuing to attract a good many of them. So our retention is slightly up, it's a low pressure. We just have to turn over a lot of law rocks and keep looking harder and harder.
John Wilson: I do. Our technicians have always -- we've always relied on them offering that service for our customers, as opposed to advertising Eddie touched on that. And so penetration has been not that great in many markets, but probably Northeast is where we started with our first and so that's probably the greatest as well as the Southeast. So those were the -- those were the two areas to answer your question about what's our market penetration. We just have a ton of opportunity both still in those two markets, as well as elsewhere.
John Wilson: Yes, that' correct. The stock option as well. The stock options were a one-time event, but incrementally, you're right. We will have already lapped that on the 401(k).
