Gary Rollins: Yes. Thank you, Marilynn, and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our first quarter 2016 conference call. Eddie will read our forward-looking statements and disclaimer and then we will begin.
Gary Rollins: And Eddie, if I could add one thing. We also – the BOSS also gives them more time, which in addition to improving their scheduling, it also gives them an opportunity to spend more time with the customers.
Gary Rollins: I'd like to add to that. Although the frequency of the number of times if your services is typically five or six depending on the market. But there is clearly a mosquito season and as winter time approaches and late fall and you don't have mosquito. So this is not a twelve month type of service offering. So I think that, to your initial question about is it going to be like termite or conventional residential pest control, because of that limitation, the response to that would be no. 
Gary Rollins: Well, to give you a fair answer we don't know. This is the first time that this opportunity has come along to this Critter Control franchises. Franchisor that we successfully purchased never had an interest in buying franchises, his whole play was that he wanted to add franchises, he didn't operate. And I think that as a result there wasn't much of a market for these folks to sell. So I think in the range of the acquisitions, I mean there's some very large locations. And there's a very small ones. Our situation is we're trying to look where we have a Trutech operation, where we have merger opportunities. That’d be the first priority.  If the big one came along and we didn't have a Trutech operation we certainly wouldn’t acquire that too. So we're just getting our toe in the water so to speak but I think as I told to Eddie the other day I said the jumbo drums are beating with us acquiring two of these there's no doubt that the interest is going to exist and permeate is going to be dramatic, because now they have a buyer. The other good thing about it is, we're not getting into typically a bidding contest. We don’t have, like pest control where you’ve got three other potential buyers waiting in the wings. So I don't mean to deduct the questions, I mean, we will know more next quarter than we know this quarter. The other positive is that we know this business. This isn’t like us kind of getting into something that we're not familiar with. Trutech the number two brand. And the number two -- although they are a distant number two, we have a wonderful opportunity, unlike anything that has come along since I'm been around.
Gary Rollins: Some of the market, you also have depending on the pests, you also have an extended protection plan opportunity much like the people with the washing machines and ovens and so forth that -- there are some pests you can exclude, there are some pests that you can’t exclude. So we're able to offer an ongoing program or at least certainly a program that could go into the second year where they can extend their protection at a disk. 
Gary Rollins: The other markets that don't have that expertise, Orkin expertise, then they give those leads to some. And now that we've got this Critter Control link, then certainly we can generate revenue as far as these Critter Control branches are concerned. So there's a lot of different synergy there. And I think Eddie makes a good point. The pests have been there, the critters have been there for some time. As some of our branches have just been reluctant to get into that part of the industry and I think that's what we learned about Trutech is, when we had that specialization it wasn't secondary with Trutech. It was primary, and we saw how well it grew and the customer satisfaction rates were incredible. If you’ve got a possum in your ad, you have a wife like mine, you're going to do something about it. So you have a highly motivated customers, almost like customers with fleece they don't want to know much about what it costs, they want to know when can you do it. So that's a pretty dramatic situation as far as, as a motivated purchaser. 
Gary Rollins: I'd like to thank you for joining us today. Eddie and I look forward to the next quarter and will continue to work hard to grow and improve our business and I would suspect that we'll know more about BOSS with another quarter under our belt. So thanks again. 
Eddie Northen: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on the call excluding historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual risks may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to today's press release and our SEC filings including the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Eddie Northen: So for the quarter, with the implementation cost -- so if you're asking about the partners go [ph] the implementation cost was a little bit less than a penny. And if you remember back in the Q4 call we talked about what we felt like the impact would be pretty usual [ph]. 
Eddie Northen: So when we take a look at customer retention, we look at that early, compare that also – those results also with the improvement we see from the revenue gain, the pest control retention has been better, pre and post. So we know that by being at the right customer location on the right day the right time, is giving that better customer experience which for us is the most important thing, that we know is going to enable us to be able to continue to retain customer at a higher rate. 
Eddie Northen: Joe, when I was talking about retention, I am talking about the percent of customers that stay with us on an annual basis. So what we did is we compare the same branch locations, in the same region before they went on BOSS and then after they went on BOSS. And those are the improvements that I was talking about. It’s the improvement in the retention, so customers are retaining and staying with us at a higher rate for the regions that are on BOSS.
Eddie Northen: Warmer is always better for us, Joe, you know that. That’s always good thing. We are seeing things move on both side, we see the improvement on the BOSS side, we see an improvement as far as our marketing efforts and sales efforts are concerned.
Eddie Northen: Denny, termite has been stronger for the last couple of quarters. As we talked in previous quarters, some of that we see as cyclical, a different type of few warmer weeks in one quarter versus another quarter can help drive the numbers one way or another. But our sales group is doing a good job with that. And there they're continuing to grow their sales and they're able to close at a higher rate. They've made adjustments. If you were back on the call maybe three quarters ago, two quarters ago we made a slight adjustment to the organization, the sales group. They’re doing a better job using -- the use of the technology which is enabling us to be able to close at a better rate. So home suite is the technology that our sales group uses. So really we have a better opportunity to put a better product in front of the customer to be able to sell. So before using the technology, before using the home suite, it was a salesperson that was trying to verbalize what the needs were to the customer. And now with the home suite, it gives a pretty visual of where the issues are, what the concerns are and it’s enabling our sales folks to be able to improve their closure rate with use of the home suite. And it was something that we rolled out, we rolled the technology out, knowing that it was a good technology and just kind of assumed that everybody would look at it, know it’s a good technology and use this. And when we went back and look we saw that it wasn't being used at the rate that we would have anticipated and we went through, we did a follow-up training, sales folks clearly understand the benefits of it and we've seen improved sales because of that.
Eddie Northen: No, home suite is really not going one way or another with that. I mean that’s really just -- naming it to be able to sell and then where we are in the country and whatever the needs are as far as the customer – decision is made as far as you going one way or another, of course they would look better. The use of the technology has been – again has been good. We’re retaining our sales team at a higher rate than we have in previous quarter as well. I think the combination of all those things are continuing to give us good momentum when it comes to sales team.  One, which is the last thing, last quarter one of the things that we talked about was our ability to be able to up on the finance side for customers and we have our in-house financing that we use just purely from a sales perspective, and we are finding that the sales group, at a higher rate and that’s helping them to close and enabling us to grow at a faster pace than what we’ve grown at in the previous quarters. 
Eddie Northen: Again it’s a small base for us, it’s growing rapidly, of course with the well publicized Zika virus, is that it’s giving people a reason to call on mosquito but it's not something that we do, and we could live with, it’s something that in a lot of cases, we have existing customers that would use this as another service they would use from us. I talked about our – the use of the BOSS information by our sales group, that's a great example. So we may have a customer that existing testing for customer, we call on them, and they contact with them and then we’re able to go and sell another service at one time.  From the frequency perspective, it’s going to be once every other month type of service, and for us – if a customer has the pest control and they want to add on the mosquito, then that’s a very good thing for us from a productivity perspective. 
Eddie Northen: I don't think we used the word swarm but the spring time is definitely a better time when it comes for termite. And it has been warmer in a lot parts of the country. So there's definitely demand out there for it. I think the other thing, Dan, that we just talked about, I think are key parts of it, I think the technology piece, the home suite has made a difference, retaining of our sales folks has made a difference. And the ability to be able to finance to close the deal has also made a difference. I think when you compare those nice warm spring time in a lot of areas, that stuff has helped us out. 
Eddie Northen: Yes, residential again, from the sales perspective, has again done very well. Pricing has been good. And the targeted marketing efforts have really given us a chance to be able to know exactly what markets that we would spend our time and energy on and payback dividends for us. Again we kind of combine some of those different things and what our marketers have learned over the last probably four to six quarters, they put in place over the last three to four quarters, we really see the fruits of that, especially in the retention. 
Eddie Northen: I don't know that we can ever say exactly where it is. If you look back over the last three years you’d see the ebbs and flows of commercial and residential. In 2013 we saw in our residential growing at a faster rate and then in 2014 you saw it slow down some, little bit of cyclicality, commercial growing at a faster rate and in 2015 you saw it reverse again. You saw residential growing faster and we're seeing the same thing as we move into 2016. 
Eddie Northen: This is Eddie. So something to add to that, the growth rate has been a good double digit growth rate in that category for us. And removal of the animal is a piece of that, but it also opens up a great opportunity for us to take a next step with our customers. And that is to do exclusive work. So it’s one thing to have apps when you're at it and examine, have those bats that are removed, and then it's a whole another service for us to provide to be able to close that off to the back and not go back into that at it. That's whole another service for us. But going in and removing of the animal to start with opens up that opportunity for us to be able to now do that additional service. 
Eddie Northen: Jamie, I think most of those folks are going to be one-offs. You’re going to have an individual or two people market. There will be some of our pest control competitors that will have those folks as well. We -- in roughly half of our Orkin branches around the US we have individuals that have a feel that to be able to this as well. That’s kind of the way that we've done it. And other pest control companies have the same type of thing. They'll have kind of hit and miss, they will have somebody that has this buildup, because it is a different buildup to be able to do that. 
Eddie Northen: So we are booking the revenue when the job is completed. And let me just make sure I am clarifying this, on this piece. The only reason we have this in place is to help with the sales process and to give that option for that. So what we had in place, basically 90 days payment cash for those – to be able to help with getting that deal closed. And this is a piece that has helped us over the last probably three quarters, we’ve moved that in the right direction to be able to help with that.
Eddie Northen: Joan, it was an increase. Our implementation expenses were much higher. We are implementing now our big division. So West Coast, California, Hawaii, all those higher travel expenses, higher implementation costs, and again we are doing it at a faster pace. So we’ve increased the number of that we are implementing at the same time. So the implementation cost has been higher.
Eddie Northen: We’re going to have some small benefit, I think, we will see and we've talked about a few of the things that we recognize as far as improvement before and post BOSS implementation, for just a reduction of overtime. We are keeping customers at a better rate, or stop for miles have improved which of course, would mean less gas, less fuel for us, different things like that. So I think there is a sprinkling of what we're seeing as far as some of the benefits. But again we have a very small percent of our total branches and regions that we rolled out that are now moving to the point of being mature. So as we move through the next two quarters is when we will start seeing more of those becoming mature and we will see more of an impact we think on that margin at that point in time.
Eddie Northen: So based on everything that we know right now, where we're going, the implementation costs will be reduced or eliminated at that point in time, or depreciation once we are fully rolled out, slightly higher than where we are right now. And we haven’t finalized what our next steps are going to be with the system related to any of our independent branch. So we're still assessing what if anything that we're going to do with that. And once we get to a point of making that final decision, we will communicate that as well. We're basically going through and taking a look to see from a return perspective that it makes sense to spend additional dollars to make adjustment to be able to implement it with the other independent brand. So we're going through that assessment but at this point of time we've not made a final decision of what we’re going to do with that. 
Eddie Northen: Yes. So the more robust model is basically shown on the table. However we are very happy with the opportunities that we are going to have with the virtual route management. So we know that we're going to be spending the next two quarters getting that rolled out, getting people trained, getting our measurement in place to be able to see it. But I have to tell you, it's been extremely extremely well received by the branch management, branch technician. Having the flexibility of being able to spend more time with the customers, having the ability to be able to ensure that, that technician is not having to change their appointments with existing customers. Because the days that are planned out are being received extremely well. So we're going to move forward with maximizing our opportunities with virtual route management, while in the background we're still looking at the more robust option as we move over time. 
Eddie Northen: Joan, all of the categories you just mentioned, we're not seeing any impact as of right now with anything housing related. I mean their growth rate, top line and bottom line, the housing with the new installs, are all moving forward very well, they are moving forward in the low to mid teens. So we are continuing to see good improvement with HomeTeam. 
Eddie Northen: We haven't. I don’t know that we've really seen that. Our pricing for Q1 was strong across all of the service lines. It’s one of the pieces that our sales group was able to be very successful with. I think the thing to remember when it comes to the other competitors that are out there is, before they move to the – new companies that are with now, we still compete it against them. So we're still competing just like we did with them before. But we really don’t see any issues from a pricing perspective there and we've been very very pleased with how that’s helped us with our overall growth.  End of Q&A
