Jerry Gahlhoff: Yes. This is Jerry. The quarter was a little different than we've seen in the past. If you'll recall, back in April at our call with everyone, we talked about April was off to a really strong start, and it was, and April finished strong. May was good as well. And then we saw a pretty significant shift in and some of the demand, especially in the back half of June where it just slid. We've since gotten some of the data from Google on Google search query data that showed there was a pretty significant decline in the back half of June, and that's really what drove the volume down overall in the quarter. But then right when we got near the end of June, very beginning of July, get close to the 4th of July, it really popped. It just came back again. I think the temperatures rose considerably and the number of unique visitors to our website, just in the first couple of weeks in July improved by over 18% year-over-year. So it was it was a little weird. Normally, you see that kind of seasonality earlier in the quarter, not later, but it was a little different than we've ever seen in the past.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Well, when we started, we had good signs in April that the environment was good. And plus, we were staffed for it. So when you're better staffed and you've got the people to service the customers and get the new customers coming in the door, that's when it's there to take there to take advantage of it. And in our business, and if you look at the fiscal year, selling recurring revenue, the earlier in the year, you get it the more revenue you get. And so we just thought the conditions were right. And I think that's worked out well for us as evidenced by the organic growth levels that we saw in the quarter.
Jerry Gahlhoff: I would say we've had a little more pushback than we've had in prior years, but nothing that's insurmountable. It's still early to truly judge as we go through the year and get further into the year, we'll look closer at our rollback data and exclusion data, this really get an effect of what happened and whether or not customers canceled over. We'll have all our metrics as we move through the year. I would say it hasn't, it hasn't been a significant issue for us thus far this year. Now the questions as you move through the year, we watch that further depending on the economic environment. We have to moderate that. Ken will -- our plan is to evaluate pricing towards the latter part of this year once all the data and we'll go from there as we think about a futuristic...
Jerry Gahlhoff: Yes. When we look back at the quarter and compare it to other recent quarters, we look at it as though June was a bit of an anomaly. June was a really weird month that affected that. I mean we were – in April and May, organic growth was in that double-digit range, that we were expecting. And then in June kind of threw us for a loop with what went on there. So we’ve started the quarter out back on track with more in line with what we expected, and we don’t see any signs. Of course, you don’t have a crystal ball, but certainly, we’ll make every attempt to continue to drive higher levels on the organic residential growth side.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Again, you think about seasonality, and sorry to say this last quarter was different because normally, when we talk about cooler spring, cooler early summer, that's usually happening in March and April. And usually, it hits. So this quarter, it was just -- it was really different than one I'd say we've seen in many, many years. Now is that to say there's some pent-up demand. We certainly have seen that in July, where once temperatures got to -- I don't know, a few weeks ago, we were in California, Ken, and when we arrived that day, in the middle of the day, it was like 75 degrees. But then by the weekend, it was 110 degrees in Northern California and the phones were ringing off the hook. So it was very -- So we had some very unseasonably cool weather in June, which is kind of an anomaly. So I don't know what else to say...
Jerry Gahlhoff: Yes. I mean just factor in the lifetime value of a customer and what that customer means to us over the long term as a worthy spends. And we do a very good job of monitoring cost of customer acquisition, cost to lead, and we’re very comfortable with what we’re spending to generate that long-term recurring revenue stream.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Sure. I completely heard or understood the question. Were you asking more about the PE space and what we're seeing from a...
Jerry Gahlhoff: We haven't seen any slowdown in our ability to sell and bring on new commercial customers. We are more focused on certain verticals that we really like to sell into -- logistics, health care, hospitality, things along those lines where we try to be pretty fairly disciplined about the customers that we're really proactively targeting. But we have a very effective sales force. We've continued to invest in that sales force and ramp up those sales efforts, and we feel very positively about the future of the commercial business.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in our company, and we look forward to updating you on the third quarter earnings call in October. Thanks again.
Kenneth Krause: That’s great commentary, Jerry. Josh. Just one additional item with respect to advertising. If you go back and you look at our results, say, for the fourth quarter of last year, we were conscientious in disclosing that advertising was down. And so what you saw was during the winter season, during the fourth quarter, advertising was certainly lower because demand levels are generally lower. But as you go throughout the year, you generally will see a ramping of the advertising in Q2 and Q3. And before it starts to recede a bit in Q4. So I think we’ll continue to follow that same trajectory when we think about demand season for our business.
Kenneth Krause: Yes, that's correct. But I do I also want to add that we continue to believe that our services are essential. We do believe that there's definitely value in our pricing model. But we are conscientious of price and what impact that has in our customer base. And so we'll continue to monitor that. We'll continue to monitor economic trends, but we won't lose sight of the essential value of our services. So Stay tuned on that. But that's, I think, how we think about it, Josh.
Kenneth Krause: Yes. It’s Ken, Luke, and I’ll take that question. You’re exactly right. The Fox acquisition is a very valuable acquisition and the gross margin reflects the value on their business model. It is accretive to the overall margin profile of Rollins. But it only contributed about $39 million of revenue in the quarter. So it’s not that meaningful. It did have a positive impact on the gross margin, but we also saw a positive impact across our organic business, primarily through better leveraging of fleet costs, better leveraging of people costs and materials and supplies. It's interesting, when I step back and I look at the fleet cost, you would expect fleet costs to improve with gasoline prices. But the thing I think people are missing at times is the fact that used car prices aren’t as attractive. So when we turn in lease vehicles or when we sell lease vehicles, we’re not seeing as much of a gain as we did last year at this time. So we’re seeing good improvement in our organic business despite that headwind. And we also are seeing improvement associated with the Fox acquisition coming through our gross profit margin.
Kenneth Krause: Yes. I would add -- or I would say to that point, we, like most other companies have a list of a number of opportunities that we continue to evaluate across the restructuring area. We're looking at all areas of the business. And as Jerry had talked about as well as myself, continuous improvement is a big focus of our company. And so when we look at, for example, our home office, we are continuing to look at ways we can enhance and improve the home office, but we're also looking more broadly across the business. So can't give you one specific initiative, but it's really across all of our footprint that we're really evaluating opportunities to improve the business from a productivity perspective.
Kenneth Krause: Yes. It's just adding on there. Weather always has an impact across the business. What really helps us to is those warm evenings when evening stay above a certain level, the low temperature doesn't get too low. And so when you see that, you certainly have a benefit in the business. And so it certainly does continue to have a nice positive impact on the business. As we think about comparables, I don't see anything year-over-year that has a huge impact on comparables from a weather or from a revenue performance perspective. Jason. But we feel, as we said in our prepared comments, we feel very good about how we're positioned to deliver a strong second half in 2023.
Kenneth Krause: So it’s interesting, Jason. If you look at the LTM number as of June 30, the LTM incremental margin is 29.3%. So it’s almost 30%. That’s up strongly from the prior year. And so when we look over a long period of time a 12-month period, we’re certainly trending at those levels that we talked about. This one quarter, what we saw in the second quarter, you might see it a bit in the third quarter, is you’re investing. It’s time to invest. It’s time to go after and acquire those customers that you’re going to keep for years to come. And so you see even our incrementals may be weighed down a little bit by that. But the fact that the incrementals were accretive to our actual margin profile that provides me a sense of optimism. We’re in an investment period, and we’re actually still seeing incrementals that are accretive to our EBITDA margin. That’s a good thing to see. And so we’re hopeful that, that will continue as we go into the third quarter. But our goal long term is that 30% incremental margin profile. There’s no reason this business shouldn’t get to those levels based upon the pricing that we get based upon the essential nature of our services, based upon our customer experience that our service technicians and our associates are providing our customers. And so we feel good about that incremental margin target longer term.
Kenneth Krause: Yes. First and foremost, what I would say is our accruals at June 30 are complete and accurate. And so when we look at the liability associated, for example, with auto claims, we feel like it's complete. We do know that things change. And so as facts, as circumstances change, estimates change. And that's what we would do as we move forward. you really started to see this tick up last year in the third quarter. We had around $10 million of claims that came through that settlements came through. And it's interesting when you look at what happened during COVID, claims have certainly -- they've certainly trended down quite a bit, courts closed a bit, settlement activity went down. And then coming out of COVID, you start to ramp. We're hopeful that we'll see that turn down as we go into the future. But you're just not sure what's going to happen on that front. What you can do, however, is focus on the controllables. And what Jerry had talked about in his comments, was focusing on putting systems and processes and the focus behind behavioral-based safety into the business that will mitigate these exposures as we move forward. And so we're doing just that. And we're hopeful that, that activity will have a positive impact on our experience in this -- our unfortunate experience in this area.
Kenneth Krause: What I would say and I would ask Jerry to comment, too, was if I look at our organic growth profile and I compare it to our overall market growth, our organic growth, as we said in our prepared commentary, is roughly 8%. The markets, what we expect the markets to be growing at are much below 8%. So when we think about the organic growth profile and we think about the share that we are gaining in our markets, we feel good about the return levels knowing that incremental margins can be around that 30% and a customer might stay with us for 3, 5 or even 7 years. So we feel really good about the returns that we're getting on those ad dollars.
Kenneth Krause: When we look at the cash flow conversion, we're really happy with the performance that we saw in Q2, but also the first half of the year. Our focus is to continue to drive compounding of free cash flow in that mid-teen range. And the fact that we saw free cash flow compound at roughly 17%, 18% in the quarter, it provides us a sense of optimism heading into the future. I don't know that we're ready to increase our expectations in the 18% or 20% compounding of cash flow. But if we can continue to see compounding of cash flow in that 14% to 15% or so percent, which is in line with what we've compounded cash flow at over the last 20 or so years. I think we would be happy with that performance. Nothing really jumps off the page at me in terms of what's driving cash flow improvement in the quarter. I know the FOX business has a bit of a different business model when you look at the door-to-door side. And so payables stepped up a little bit with respect to that business model, that actually had a positive impact on cash flow. But overall, we feel good about cash flow and we feel good about the generation of cash that we're seeing.
Kenneth Krause: Yes. The only thing I would add is, I mean, we can speak about our experience. And our experience is we’ve been investing at very healthy multiples, not necessarily aggressive levels we are getting deals at fair values. But it’s interesting. The one thing that certainly has an impact on the M&A markets is interest rates. And as interest rates tick up, ultimately, some buyers value businesses at a much lower level. You just can’t get there with certain levels of interest rates. So that certainly has potentially an impact on the M&A environment. But what Jerry said is spot on. We’re going to continue to focus on buying good businesses, paying fair values and businesses that align with our culture and our focus and value their team members, value their brands. That’s the kind of business we want to bring into the fold, and we feel like we got that with Fox.
Kenneth Krause: The focus on cross-sell, the focus on ancillary is a key part of the strategy. We don't necessarily provide the detailed growth levels for ancillary or for cross-sell or multiple services with any one customer. But what I can tell you is we're seeing really good growth from a number of different services. Like, for example, you might have an individual that signs up for pest control and they're adding mosquito because mosquito demand is incredibly strong or you might see a termite customer or another pest control customer that is signing up for cross space work or insulation work. And so we're still seeing continued good demand for those ancillary and additional services across the business.
