Gary Rollins: Yes thank you Marilyn. Good morning and thanks all of you for joining us on our third quarter 2010 conference call. Harry will read our forward-looking statements and disclaimer and then we will begin.
Gary Rollins: Well, we had overall improvement and all of our business units had good revenue increases, which always makes you feel good. Demand was up which is always important for us both on the internet and convectional telephone leads. We continue to make progress as far as our pricing is concerned. We completed a successful price increase campaign for existing pest control customers. So I think we have just a lot of things coming together in the quarter that contributed a little here, a little there and we didn’t see any unique thing occurring as far as any geography or any one particular business unit.
Gary Rollins: Yeah, all the price increases went into effect at the end of the, by the end of second quarter. HomeTeam price increases effective July 1, if we took the total impact of the price increase this year versus last year, this year is actually a little lower than last year, not significantly. So the quarters are pretty comparable in terms of the dollar from the price increase this year versus last year.
Gary Rollins: We were really concerned that these customers were not as sticky as conventionally acquired customers. The prices continue to go up, finding people to do this. We hired college students who would work showing independent organization and they become fewer and fewer so the rates kept climbing. And we just kind of sit down and up to a pencil and just decided although it was painful to stop, it just wasn’t the best thing for our business and as Harry stated we use it sparingly, if we have our unique market that we really think that we can turn up the growth significantly. And we can make this economics work for us and we will selectively do it. Its also with the door-to-door program that’s more of an impulsive buying decision and certainly in this environment people are less inclined to make that impromptu decision. So we are bad and the economics of it that’s very eluded to at a high cost of sale, the retention is not as good as you know I think it’s because of the impulsive nature of the buy that we dialed at that significantly. 
Gary Rollins: Well I think the rollouts going to take as close two years I mean if everything because those enhancement is having you know they were having to do now although this is a very robust product, we just have some new launches in the way we manage our business and run our business. So we can’t really take the product right off the shelf and have it to fill all of our requirements.
Gary Rollins: I think that may have been the intent when we got fairly finished. But over a couple of years it’d certainly be in that neighborhood to 15 and 20 million that could cost to some of that CapEx, some of the internal cost trading.
Gary Rollins: That just one of the things that we’re pointing right now but we’re really early to this process and we’ll give you more color when we really understand the full impact at this point. We’re planning to absorb the cost in our normal operating cost and if it falls outside of that, we’ll let you know. 
Gary Rollins: I will be sharing data more carefully now, measuring our advertising and marketing results, having common definitions as far as the way you count customers and the way count retention. And you can imagine each of these systems have a little twist or return. So I think we would be adapting common definitions to measure and account for the data and performance of the business. We are certainly complying with GAAP and Sarbanes and all of that but it is frustrating when you try to find out exactly how many lease do we have in the whole company and in the end you just find it’s not everybody who counts the lead are saying what. So I think the data side and the marketing as it relates to marketing will be a pretty powerful addition. And it’s just a lot cheaper to maintain one operating software. You don’t have to have a group of IT, three four who are familiar with four different systems. So I think there are just inefficiencies. We’ve not identified all of them but I think the other good thing is this isn’t the focus and I think these non Orkin brands looks towards a universal software system with a little bit more enthusiasm is opposed to trying to adopt Orkin’s system. That’s been one of the positive things Harry gave us and all of our different brands are enthusiastic about getting on this. 
Gary Rollins: Well, thank you all for joining us today we look forward to the balance of the year and we will continue to work hard to grow and improve our business and we look forward to sharing year end results with you.
Harry Cynkus: Thanks, Gary. Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call excluding historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially from any statements we make today. Please refer to today’s press release and our SEC filings, including the risk factor section on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009 for more information on the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Harry Cynkus: The great thing in that current price increase is the gift that keeps on giving. So we did, you know it rolls into this quarter, it will roll into next quarter and so forth. So we’ve done a lot of research, a lot of work on our pricing and we watch it very carefully. 
Harry Cynkus: And we don’t have a clear rollout schedule, we are doing a pilot, we are converting the one branch here in the fourth quarter and as a result we need to evaluate those results, do additional changes if any needs to be made, incorporate it, we should really then determine what the roll-out would look like. CapEx, again until we have a roll-out schedule plan, I really can’t give you any color on the impact next year but its not anything out of the ordinary as CapEx runs pretty consistently between 10 and $20 million a year. We hit the highs of 20 million when we do something like this. This year we are at the low end. So if there is anything outside of that range once we looked at to get a better picture, the roll-out will give you more color at that time.
Harry Cynkus: One other things that we have kind of mastered to some extent is this web-based training which as opposed to sending a bunch of people out and physically being on hand at locations to put on this systems. We’ve had good success with some of our smaller projects by doing our training over the web, more people can become familiar with the routines and ask questions and so forth. So one of the benefits I would think here is your is comparing to Orion that next system roll out should be more economical because their training will not be so hard.
