Gary Rollins: Yes. Thank you Marilynn, and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our fourth quarter and year-end 2014 conference call. Harry will read our forward-looking statement and the disclaimer and then we’ll begin.
Gary Rollins: They also like the flexibility, it's lot easier to move a customer to change their service time which is necessary because the customers are not always there on their pre-determined service stage, so they can move around and it doesn’t take a lot of effort to do that. I think the thing is just a lot quicker, they don’t have to wait so long for the screen changes. We have really gotten grades from the very beginning even when -- there were many features that wouldn’t work exactly well. So the field has been very positive as far as this conversion is concerned. Productivity wise it's just too soon to tell, as Harry said we have got some branches that have improved immediately and I think those have the later branches. We learned something through these conversions, the best way to do it, the best way to do the training, the best way to do the pre-preparation. But we’re optimistic about improving the number of accounts that we can service each day.
Gary Rollins: And that’s the reason frankly because we’re working on the conversion. So there are time, application changes and one of the things that we’re also looking at is we have a special collection team that supports that branch for the first two days -- excuse me two months. So we don’t have that kind of deterioration.
Gary Rollins: We have very good profit improvement at HomeTeam as a result of a reorganization that we initiated mid-year. So we will get some of that this first half but I think HomeTeam had a good year.
Gary Rollins: Sure. Rollins has had a long history of stock split and I think it's really driven by liquidity, having more shares available to trade in the market. Every time we split the shares we see the volume trade and make it easier for people to get in or get out of the market, we’re feeling good about our business and like I said this is I think the fourth split in 15 years.
Gary Rollins: I don’t think that there is anything new so much as we really kind of learned a lot with our home suite and business suite last year and our EDS, our sales management system and we have kind of worked out some of the I guess bumps in a road that we had there. So we really are optimistic that we’re going to get a lot bigger lift and then from a marketing point of view, we have got things that we really can't talk about but we plan to make some changes there. The analytics team I guess is relatively new for us. I think that was mid-year and they have come up with some very interesting plans and programs that we intend to test. So some of our stuff is kind of secret that we can't talk about it at this particular juncture but as always I think that’s one of the traits of the company. I think that we have, every year we have programs that we feel will be very important to help us maintain our growth and our profitability.
Gary Rollins: Well this has been an exciting year for our company. We benefited from a great deal of enthusiasm and energy. We have maintained that enthusiasm going into this New Year. We have great teams across all areas of our business who are focused on our goal to always get better and be better and I appreciate you joining us today. We look forward to visiting with you again in 2015. Thank you.
Harry Cynkus: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call excluding historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual risks may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to today’s press release and our SEC filings indicating the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year-ended December 31, 2013 for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Harry Cynkus: In terms of what they like I think most about the system and we get great reviews and people sending, when am I going to get it? Is that the technicians have iPhones as supposed to heavy bulky handheld computers with a secondary phone and what not. So the iPhone has been a huge hit, I would rather carry an iPhone, I don’t know what was it 3-4 pound handheld. So, that clearly for the technicians -- lately [ph] it's a big win. You know the administrative people in the office. I'm surprised that they have seem to miss or don’t miss those green streams, you know the Cayman two tone green and they seem to be adapting real well to the multi-color window based screens that we’re now dealing with.
Harry Cynkus: Though I do want to point out while we have seen productivity gains in some of the branches they are modest coming out of the box and there is a lot of best practices and we have talked about having, besides having an implementation team whether we don’t follow and we don’t know what's the best timeframe but to have productivity teams follow up and come back and share best practice and what not. We’re in the real early -- you know one thing we see, we see productivity gains with the technicians, administrative office, we’re seeing higher overtime in the first month or two. We’re seeing some drop-off in AR Collection so we’re seeing some degradation in the AR region.
Harry Cynkus: I think the biggest thing we’re surprised about is going into this we’re expecting to see some degradation for 2-3 months before a branch snap back and then started seeing gains and we are just not seeing the losses over the -- the problem is coming out of the gate. My biggest concern continues to do it, as I think I’ve listed, talked about on the call, as you add more and more branches to the system what's that do, have we figured out how to keep the response time timely. Have we figured it out all the little wrinkles that we will see going to different parts of the country, but so far so good job.
Harry Cynkus: No I think at this point is level, because we’re limited by the number of trainers we have as to how many branches we can do in a given month and quarter. So, we have loaded and trained and brought people to the level where we think we’re going to be at a level throughout the year, I don’t think, unless we find some metric into the third quarter where you know this is going so smooth and if we double the implementers we can double the number of branches being implemented and speed up the getting across all of them. But right now the plan is to go at a pretty steady and it's probably going to average 10 plus branches a month, some months more. We have identified some months to have a break in the schedule to catch our breath and if we have to make some adjustments, there are some changes, you know it's built into the schedule.
Harry Cynkus: No the CRM, we don’t see it -- that’s a good thing we go back and look at see if our starts I don’t think -- I think I'm missed tracking that numbers, starts in the branches undergoing implementation whether we -- but there is just not enough of them to that should overall impact that. I mean the fourth quarter is always a tough quarter to predict. So October was a great month, and then leads dropped off in November and it's okay we need to hunt it down and turn around and December picked up. So it's certainly gets real variable, January looks like it was doing real well and then the Mid-West in New England area got hit with the little snow which I'm sure slowest down here in January. Of course a year ago, Gary and I were both sitting at home today doing this conference call, we got snowed out here in Atlanta. So there is really nothing I can really specifically point at. I think overall we’re happy with seeing the leads through the first six months of the year, we were seeing decreases, picked up in the third quarter and it continued growing here in the fourth quarter. So, you need the leads to grow the business and overall we feel good about it.
Harry Cynkus: Yes, I think they were up 5% in Q4 where they have been up 4% in Q3. So homebuilders, the pace drops down considerably in the Q4, and they tend not to start too many homes late in the year and carry inventory across. The sentiments are strong, we are modeling that, we think and our markets will see another possibly 4%, 5%, increase installs next year over this year.
