Gary Rollins: Yes. Thank you, Marilynn and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our first quarter 2017 conference call. Eddie will read forward-looking statement and disclaimer, and then we’ll begin.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Eddie. We’re extremely pleased to have posted record results for the quarter as well as our 44th consecutive quarter of improved revenues and profit. That’s 11 years. I don’t know where the time went. For the quarter, revenues grew 6.4% to $375.2 million compared to $352.7 million for the same period last year. Net income before taxes rose 11.9% to $57.3 million compared to $51.2 million for the first quarter of 2016. Net income rose 26.1% to $40.3 million or $0.18 per diluted share compared to $31.9 million or $0.15 per diluted share for the same quarter last year. While our operating results were outstanding, the higher net income and earnings per share for the quarter were significantly boosted by a lower tax rate, which was mostly related to the adoption of ASU 2016-09, which Eddie will discuss going forward. All of our business lines experienced good growth with residential up 7%, commercial pest control grew 5.3%, and termite rose 7.5%. Our employees service millions of people every year; we’re well aware of how our customers’ lives could be affected by pests that are a health threat. That’s why health and public safety are always top of mind with us. Earlier this morning, CNN -- this month rather, CNN released a study recognizing that the world is at more risk than ever for a global pandemic. And while I’m not on going to draw [ph] on this, material reinforces the importance of the services we provide, both to our customers as well as the public at large. According to CNN’s material, more than 28,000 people were infected with the Ebola epidemic during 2014 through 2016, with over 11,000 deaths and as of March 10th this year, 84 countries have reported Zika transmission. This disease was discovered in the 1940s but had its first outbreak in 2007 in Micronesia and really began spreading toward the end of 2015. As the U.S.’s largest or one of the largest providers of residential mosquito service, we feel that we have an important role in protecting and educating the public concerning this pest. We routinely provide mosquito information through our internet sites and other means with guidelines on how people can reduce the risk of having a mosquito problem. When there are significant instances of record-setting heat and flooding events as were recently experienced, regrettably, they create the ideal opportunity for mosquito infestations along with exposure to accompany transmitted illnesses and disease. In order to ensure that we stay at the forefront of mosquito research and data, we partner with numerous related organizations and universities. Most recently members of our Orkin technical service team attended a two-day event hosted by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. The purpose of this gathering of experts from around the world was to share scientific and practical initiatives on reducing the incidence of disease transmitted by the mosquito, specifically Aedes aegypti, this mosquito is also known as the yellow fever mosquito. Discussions centered primarily on Zikas, dengue, and chikungunya virus with those are [indiscernible]. We have been a collaborative partner with the CDC since the early 2000 on a wide range of initiatives including developing educational pest related material, field pest elimination project, participating in research studies, conducting Train the Trainer courses and jointly providing public service messages about pest prevention measures. We are convenient to these collaborations and initiatives of public service, while internally providing our technicians with the best products and industry-leading training. This enables us to deliver safer and more effective pest protection for all of our customers. Well, enough about pest and related health initiatives. I would like to now turn the call over to John.
Gary Rollins: And if I can add something, we think that we have got really a lot of opportunities in critter control area. People, the franchises have not had an exit program per se; their strategy was just to add franchises and really had very little to help the franchises with their business. We have a full time personnel that really is leading and travelling with the franchisees and sharing key learnings because if we improve their business, they are certainly going to be improving our royalty stream and they are also going to be improving our likelihood of want to buy them when their franchise expires. So, I witnessed waste management come into the industry several decades ago, paid a lot of money, had a lot of different companies to try to put together, had a very difficult time doing so, and then retracted from the industry. I am not saying that’s going to happen again but I did learn a key thing from that is that when you buy these companies, they have different operating systems and different procedures and policies, and you start trying to roll them up and put them together that’s a very complicated difficult endeavor.
Gary Rollins: Well, I think it depends on the pest. Certainly, there’s not been any big technological changes as far as mosquito control is concerned. It doesn’t mean that there’s not some new material around the corner. But so far, there has not been a secret weapon per se. But if you look at some of the other ideas, heat has been a new and different form of pest control, which is very effective in the bed bug area. That has not characteristically been pest control means. They are experimenting now with dry ice as far as rodent and control. They’re trying to take statistics and so forth. One of the difficult things about that is it’s hard to get death counts because when a rodent dies, -- it is going to be complicated to measure the effectiveness. There’s birth control product that’s out being tested now as far as growth rodent control is concerned. I think those things would be the most memorable or remarkable I guess the way to say it. But the industry is evolving. There is major pesticide producers typically. The path of residential pesticide is to agriculture. Agriculture is so much larger than the conventional pest control. And those products are developed and perfected and often they migrate into pest control. But other than those, say those three new forms of technology, there’s not a lot of change they can put.
Gary Rollins: I think you also got a wildcard on what they’re going to do in Washington. Certainly, I think we are well-managed and performing company. And I think that certainly the reduction in our tax rate would help and I would also say, bring foreign money back into the country. We have quite a substantial operation in Canada. And here’s the talk of changing the rules where corporations are more encouraged to bring foreign profits back into the United States. That would certainly be welcomed as far as we’re concerned.
Gary Rollins: Okay. Well, thank you. We really appreciate your interest. We look forward to reporting our second quarter results. And I think we’ll have more, as Eddie said, we’ll have some more information with BOSS. I think we now have two regions where our virtual route management automatically is in place; we’ll have more conversion as far as that’s concerned. We think it could be a game changer as far as our business is concerned. Thank you.
Eddie Northen: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call, excluding historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual risks may differ materially from any statements we make today. Please refer to today’s press release and our SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Eddie Northen: Yes, Sean. So, for us, as I’m sure you are aware that the tax benefit is based on the share price, the difference between the vesting time and the grant time. For us, our stock price has been up. And therefore, we received a tax benefit. So, the $4.3 million will be obviously the biggest impact in Q1. But as I stated below what we would historically see year-over-year as far as tax rates for two through four. And we anticipate the full year rate being slightly less than 37%. And the way that this pronouncement is written, we would see again based on the -- based on the stock price at the time of vesting, we would see similar gains in future years for that.
Eddie Northen: We believe that we’ve been incrementally growing market share in total for the last several quarters. And we believe a piece of that is because of the digital marketing efforts that our marketing group has had in place that has helped us to be able to reach, especially on the residential side, been able to reach, I think a broader group of customers. And in addition to that, we continue to fine tune on the commercial sales side and continue to grow there as well.
Eddie Northen: We know that we’ll continue to see improvements in the overall margin, I think at all levels I think starting with the operating margin and gross margin as well. And of course, we feel that BOSS is going to continue to be able to be a driver of that. We’re not going to give guidance as far as specifics. We’re going to continue to get incrementally better. And I think we continue to find areas or ways where BOSS is going to be able to help us with that. I mean, we talked a lot about the routing, scheduling and on future calls we’ll give some more specifics on what we’re seeing there as far as improvement. But just the fact that IC was able to bolt on with some addition this quarter having to do with termite billing and the acceptance of credit cards by all of our technicians at this point in time. All those things are going to continue to help streamline, both in the operational and the non-operational side as we’re continuing to move forward. So we’ll give some more specifics having to do around the BOSS metrics again on future calls. But we continue to see good improvements in a lot of areas.
Eddie Northen: I mean, there’re lots of companies that we would probably like to have a part of the Rollins family. From a multiple perspective this makes sense to us and other companies that have been buyers that it does make sense. So, we will continue to use the same prudence that Rollins has had in place for years. And when there is a good fit, if the seller’s trying to find the right partners to partner up with that’s when we win. We deployed 40% more capital a year ago than we -- in 2016 than we did in 2015, and that included the Critter Control franchise that we bought in 2015. So, we continue to find good quality partners to match up with and to be able to acquire. Are some of our competitors paying other higher multiples than historic multiples? Absolutely. And you know who some of those are and what those sellers are. But we feel that we will continue to be prudent and as we are continue to find those that make sense both financially and from a cultural perspective, then we will pull the trigger and we’ll move forward.
Eddie Northen: Joan, I’ll give you my view and John is much closer to it than I am. But kind of starting with the latter. You’re spot on. I mean, the technology piece is much easier for the Gen Ys and for Xs, much easier to adopt I think in that perspective. But I got to tell you in my personal interaction with probably 100 plus technicians of all ages, there has been an overwhelmingly positive feel for the technology and for the capability. Gary said it very well. The technology is enabling them to have a smoother day and have a more fulfilling overall involvement with their job because things are more scheduled. So, I think that part is going to definitely be a help. And I think as far as the overall churn rate or retention rate of our employees, it’s relatively the same. And I think that’s part of what, John, was talking about is the onboarding of these employees may look a little bit different. I think it’s the reason why John’s taken that on. John, I don’t know if you want to comment more on that.
Eddie Northen: Joan, you’re exactly right and we listed in our 10, about 93% of our total is in the U.S., so of course we’re paying the U.S. tax rate on that. And historically we’ve had a tax rate that’s been close to full rate at almost 38%. Based on this discussion, we had today, separate from corporate tax reform, based on discussion we had today on our ASU 2016-09, we feel as though that our tax rate will be a percent lowerish than where we have been historically, but yes 93% is in the U.S.
