Gary Rollins: Thank you, Joe, and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our second quarter 2021 conference call. Julie will read our forward-looking statement and disclaimer, and then we'll begin.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Julie. Before we get started, you probably noticed that Eddie Northen is not joining us today on the call. John Wilson will share with you more about that now.
Gary Rollins: Now to the exciting news. I'm very pleased to report that Rollins delivered a strong financial performance in the second quarter, and we remain well-positioned for 2021. John will share with you our recent additions to our Board of Directors, while Jerry and Julie will give you details of our financial results shortly. These results were made possible by the continued dedication and contribution of our incredible field and corporate teams. We truly appreciate their customer focus that has generated a significantly higher than normal growth and profitability so far in 2021. Now let me turn the call over to John.
Gary Rollins: Well, on revenue and schedule, and this is Gary. Certainly, has given us an opportunity to get more done. And as Julie said, the vast majority of our pest control technicians are on a productivity pay plan. So as they do more, they make more and that helps with turnover reduction. So all those elements are coming together fortunately.
Gary Rollins: Okay. Well, thank you for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in our company. And look forward to reporting in October, our third quarter results and updating you on our progress. Thanks, again.
Julie Bimmerman: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call, excluding historical facts, are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual risks may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to today's press release and other SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Julie Bimmerman: Okay. I just wanted to make sure. And then - not a problem, not a problem. Just bear with me, Tim. This is new for me. And then talking on the organic side for the residential was the 12.3%, commercial, excluding fume 14.8%, and termite at the 14.9%.
Julie Bimmerman: Okay. I will start on this and then anyone else, if you want to jump in feel free. First of all, on the pricing, we put in our normal price increase that we normally would have. So we did not do something additional because we held the price increase last year. So it would be within the normal ranges in answer to that. As to our retention rate, we have seen a consistent incremental growth on our retention over the last 5 years and still do see that trend continuing this year.
Julie Bimmerman: Hey, Michael. So within the gross margin, we did - I mean, we actually did see an improvement in our total payroll in answer to that. So overall, you've got to remember that technicians are directly tied with the work that they're producing. So their wages are tied to - at the - when they go through and complete their jobs, if you recall on that front. As far as the fleet cost, the fleet cost, yes, as you know, we did have an increase in that, and that was improved predominantly within the fuel [ph].
Julie Bimmerman: On the G&A side, as you said, though, we definitely saw some SG&A improvements over the same quarter last year. And it was really administrative in sales salaries, and then also with our new contracts for our telephone that we were able to work on some better pricing.
Julie Bimmerman: Okay. And let me jump on to that real quick, and this actually goes back to, I think, it was Mario's question. We have closed 18 deals through the end of Q2.
Julie Bimmerman: And I do want to throw one other thing out there. Jerry just put a note in front of me. It sounds like when I said that residential pest control made up, I believe, I said 40% of our revenues, that is incorrect. It is 46% of our revenue. So… 
John Wilson: Good morning. Yesterday, our Board of Directors appointed Julie Bimmerman, who many of you know, as our Interim Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Eddie Northern has been moved into an operational role as Senior Vice President focused on sustainability. Julie has significant experience, both in finance and our industry as described in the press release we issued this morning. She has been with us since 2004, having most recently been Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations. Prior to joining Rollins, Julie worked in corporate accounting, internal audit and corporate tax audit role. She's known to many of you already and she will be available to analysts and institutional investors after the call as per usual. We also filed an 8-K updating developments in our SEC investigation this morning. I will now turn the call back over to Gary.
John Wilson: Thank you, Gary. Over the past year, we have enhanced and diversified Rollins' Board of Directors with several new additions. I'd like to spend a moment today welcoming our two newest Board members, Gregory Morrison and Donald Carson. As detailed in our May press releases, Greg was the former Chief Information Officer, who led the information technology operations for Cox Enterprises, and he will add cyber expertise to our Board. Don, having worked for many years in investment in commercial banking, including Wachovia Bank, brings a high level of knowledge and strategic financial transactions to the company. We're thrilled to add these individuals to the outstanding group of leaders on our Board, and we look forward to their counsel and contributions to our company. Now I will turn the call over to Jerry to provide an overview of the strong quarter just completed.
John Wilson: So Tim, this is John Wilson. I'll take a stab at that. Our brand that we best track and that is, of course, Orkin being our largest. And for the second quarter, that continued to be up again this year. But of course, not by near the – near the same record number, but we are improved over a year ago in new customer accounts.
John Wilson: Yes. So I'll add on to that, Mario. This is John Wilson. Pricing amounted to about 1.2%, which is kind of in line with our historic norm of what pricing adds. And the real answer to your question is all of the above. So cross selling had a piece of that, we don't track what that may add. So I don't - I can't give you a number on that. Retention improved, as Julie mentioned. And then, of course, we did have an increase, again, as I mentioned a minute ago with Tim, on our new accounts added.
John Wilson: Yes. So we could. I mean, the market will, obviously, dictate what we can do. But we've always pointed to our call center that we have is a wonderful laboratory to test what our pricing elasticity is with our various close rates and what we're capable of getting there. So we would absolutely look at that, Mario. Right now, we don't feel a need to, but we'll take a look at it.
John Wilson: Yes. Michael. So I think the 8-K referred is that it's ongoing, and it is ongoing. It is not completed, no.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Thanks, John. And good morning, everybody. As Orkin begins their 120th year of service, we thought it was an opportune time to spend a few minutes highlighting some of the recent successes of the brand. For those who have followed us over the years, you may recall that Orkin was acquired by Rollins in 1964 and as the original company that first started our venture into pest control. Today, Orkin remains our largest brand, employing over 8,000 team members and completing millions of services annually worldwide. Orkin is very involved in the communities they serve, maintaining a strong commitment to education, public health and environmental responsibility. From collaborations with the centers for disease control and prevention and major universities to their work with the National Science Teachers Association, Orkin fosters a deeper understanding and appreciation of the natural world around us. As we have previously shared with you over the past few years, Orkin has adopted new technologies, which has improved communications with customers, optimized routing and scheduling and increased technician efficiencies to name a few. Through the years, Orkin has grown, adding both new customers and new customer service offerings like bed bug, flea and tick, mosquito and most recently, VitalClean, our service designed to fight COVID-19. Overall, Orkin has significantly contributed to the long-term success of Rollins. As Gary mentioned earlier, we're very pleased with our results for the second quarter. Revenue increased 15.3% to $63.2 million compared to $553.3 million for the second quarter of last year. Net income grew to $98.9 million, or $0.20 per diluted share, compared to $75.4 million, or $0.15 per diluted share for the same period in 2020. Julie will review the GAAP and non-GAAP results shortly. For the quarter, we experienced solid growth in all our business lines with residential increasing 13.6% and termite 16.3% over second quarter 2020. Additionally, commercial, excluding fumigation delivered an impressive 17.4% growth over second quarter last year. This is also an improvement of 11.3% growth over 2 years ago when we weren't experiencing COVID-related shutdowns. As you may recall, last year, we thought it was prudent to forgo our annual price increase during the pandemic. Now encouraged by the economic recovery that's underway, we have rolled out our 2021 annual price increases at all our brands. Implemented at the end of the second quarter, we expect that we will see the benefits of these increases as we move throughout the remainder of the year. Additionally, we're especially pleased with our commercial pest control growth, which has not only benefited from the economy reopening, but also from our InSite commercial technology. Through the use of InSite, Orkin's web reporting tool, our commercial customers have the ability to monitor pest activity and treatments within their facilities, reduce service tickets and receive specific pest alert notifications. This allows for quality assurance checks to be easily completed at the customer level. It also gives the customer the ability to produce timely reporting as necessary for regulatory or third party audits. We get great feedback from customers on InSite and are confident that this feature will strengthen our relationships with commercial clients. Overall, we've made strong progress during the first six months of 2021. And as we look ahead, we are confident in our ability to continue driving growth and profitability in our business. Now let me turn the call over to Julie to discuss our financials.
Jerry Gahlhoff: This is Jerry, Michael. The other thing I would say is we've been very careful about adding costs back into our business over the past year. We made some changes in our business a year ago. And from an operations standpoint, we've been very careful about what we're adding back in terms of our cost structure. So - and a lot of that has to do with our - controlling our overhead expenses.
Jerry Gahlhoff: My best. This is Jerry, Tim. My best barometer [ph] that is talking to Freeman Elliott at Orkin. And while we have seen it moderate, I think that's the right term. There is also places where there is demand, still where people are coming back to office spaces and people are still concerned about their workers being in there and want that kind of disinfection service still occurring. So it's still there. Some markets are better than others where they've returned more people to the offices and things like that. So it's still a viable business, although, to your point, it has moderated.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Yes. We're still seeing plenty of deals looking at things and evaluating what makes sense to us at an appropriate price. So we still have plenty of action going on there.
