Ken Krause: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Rollins third quarter 2023 earnings conference call. During today's presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, the conference will be open for questions. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded today Thursday October 26, 2023. Good morning everyone and welcome to our third quarter call. This is Ken Krause. Before we begin, I'd like to take just a moment to formally introduce Lyndsey Burton. Lyndsey is our new VP of Investor Relations joining us most recently from the Home Depot. She brings a very strong background in Investor Relations and we're excited to have her join our team at Rollins. I look forward to introducing her to many of you in Q4 as we attend several investor conferences. Welcome Lindsey.
Ken Krause: Yeah. The only thing I would add there just two points. One, the growth across the business is quite impressive. When I look at the business in the quarter, we saw a broad-based growth not only on a quarterly basis we saw consistent growth, but broad-based growth across all of our family of brands. So that was really good to see, first. And second we exited the quarter and went into October, we continue to see a really healthy demand level. And if you might recall, a year ago we saw a lot of business from a really tough hurricane season in September get pushed into October. So to see good momentum into October also gives us a bit of optimism as we think about the future.
Ken Krause: Yeah, it's a great question Ashish and thank you for that question. What I would say is our focus is to continue to deliver a very healthy incremental margin profile. This quarter, you're correct in saying that we were 35%. We continue to see an opportunity to deliver 30% incremental margins upwards of 35% to 40%, depending on a multitude of factors but we certainly continue to have a confidence level in our ability to deliver a 30% incremental margin and continue to see EBITDA margins lift as we go into the future. It's a great business. It's an essential service. It's got pricing and we're focused on continuous improvement in our – across our business not just in our back office. So with all those points, we continue to focus on delivering a very healthy incremental margin profile.
Ken Krause: Price increase has been – it's been a very healthy environment as what we've seen from a standpoint of price increase. You may see certain zip codes that you might see challenges in but you see other zip codes where you don't see much challenge at all. So – but overall, we see it as a very healthy environment for our essential services.
Ken Krause: But I would say that today much larger portion comes through a digital channel or more comes outside of door-to-door then comes from door-to-door.
Ken Krause: Yes, it's an attractive payback, Josh. Thanks for the question. When you look at the spend the $5-or-so million of spend, there's probably close to $8 million to $10 million of compensation associated with that. So, my experience has been a one-year payback is very acceptable. You can see a six-month payback and a spend associated with the restructuring here. With that said, I think if you look at the prepared commentary, we're focused on reinvesting as well. And so there is an opportunity to reinvest in new talent new talent like Lindsey. She kicked off the call today, our new Head of IR, new folks across all of finance and accounting IT, we're making significant changes in as well. And other back-office functions. So, we're looking at how do we upgrade the talent, how do we improve, how do we modernize what we do. And some of that is going to take some reinvestment of that $8 million to $10 million.
Ken Krause: So, it's Ken. I think I'll take that question. Our focus is to continue to have a positive positively manage the price/cost equation. If you look at the input costs in our business, a large percentage on a cost of services provided are people costs materials and fleet. For the most part, we've done a really good job at leveraging and improving the efficiency over those costs throughout 2023. If I go back to Q2, for example, we saw improvements in margin some of that was related to Fox. We also had headwinds if you remember from the casualty reserve. But when you separate those two, in the second quarter, we saw improved margin similar to what we saw this quarter. What we saw this quarter was outsized improvement associated with the casualty claims and insurance costs. If you go back to last year in the third quarter we were very transparent in talking about a very unfavorable headwind associated with insurance and claims. So, we were able to see improvement from what we saw last year. But our focus is to continue to be positive on the price/cost equation. Really the only headwind we saw in the quarter within our organic cost was in fleet which specifically was related to lower gains on the sale of leased vehicles. We actually talked about that in Q2 and highlighted that we would be seeing some of that here in Q3 we did see it but we were able to fully offset that and see improvements. And so that's the focus continued improvement in margins as we go forward.
Ken Krause: Yes. It's a business that's very capital light. And so when you look at the cash flow profile it's hard to find a business this investing 7% to 8% and working capital has very little CapEx and enjoys the benefits of that and has been compounding cash flow at 10% to 15%. So our focus is just that how do we continue to compound cash flow in that teen range? How do we continue to convert net income and earnings at above 100% of net income. The third quarter had an impact. We saw payables come down considerably. We paid some payables as we closed out the third quarter. And our focus is to improve that as we go into Q4 and beyond. And so that continues to be our focus. We're continuing to focus on driving high levels of cash flow performance and compounding in the ranges I previously discussed.
Ken Krause: Yes. The only thing I would add is pricing which everybody is always focused on what are we paying for acquisitions. Two points I want to raise with respect to that. One is we don't compete on price. Our focus is to be the acquirer of choice. And we've been very successful being the acquirer of choice for a very long period of time. When people are ready to sell their business and they're focused on brand preservation and their people they sell to our business. And we've been very successful being the acquirer of choice for a very long period of time. When we look at the business this year we've invested $350 million in acquisitions. I would say that the multiples that we've paid for that $350 million investment is probably below the overall long-term average from a multiples perspective. So we feel good about what we're spending how we're competing and the success that we're driving through acquisition.
Ken Krause: So, on the second point with respect to the margin profile of customers, we unfortunately do not track that and have that -- enjoy that level of detail in the business. But what I can tell you is, cross-sell is certainly always a big part of our strategy. When you look at the strategy, it's important to sell multiple services to one customer for a multitude of reasons. And so, it's certainly continuing to be a focus for us. And we're continuing to see good momentum in that part of our business.
Ken Krause: Yes. The only thing that you would add on that is -- and I don't want to start to split hairs, but when you look at Q2, we talked at the end of Q2 about a weak June. And so, it's not out of the question to think or out of the realm of reason to think that some of that business in Q2 may have pulled into Q3 in July and push that number up a bit. And so -- but there's -- I don't -- looking at Jerry, there's nothing other than that that was really out of the ordinary with respect to growth. It was healthy throughout.
Ken Krause: No. We don't -- I mean there's -- we don't -- unfortunately, we don't track that level of detail to a point where I could provide that to you right now. But I can tell you that the growth is healthy. I mean the growth is healthy across both of those areas. It's been healthy for us.
Ken Krause: Yes. The big point you're missing with that is the fact that the insurance markets have been really challenging. And so, claims are one thing, but insurance is continuing to tie on us. And so when you look at last year, you did have that negative impact on the claims that came through. But unfortunately -- and those have come down this year in Q3, but the insurance costs have not come down. And so, you're seeing really good improvement in the underlying business. It's not 150 basis points and that's why we were transparent in saying that in the quarter, when you set the improvement on the casualty reserve side, you set the Fox improvement aside, we saw 50 basis points of improvement in the underlying margins in the quarter alone. So -- but we feel pretty good about our ability to continue to improve margins as we go forward.
Jerry Gahlhoff: This is Jerry. Thanks for the question. I think some people think the entire market demand is driven by whatever someone's seeing in digital. And that's not always the case especially for our business. When you look at the digital side, it was relatively flat or maybe even slightly down on the digital side. And that's really where our strategy to have lots of approaches for how we acquire customers plays a differentiating factor for us. So while the digital segment was certainly, I think on the flattish to slightly downside, our diversified strategy is really what's paying off for us. 
Jerry Gahlhoff: I think it's also important to mention that what we've seen across say the US and Canada in particular across North America is that all of our businesses are doing well and geographically not only from a brand individual brand strategy, but also from a geographic strategy they're really all doing quite well.
Jerry Gahlhoff: We're going to – this is Jerry. We're going to evaluate that. We're here in the fourth quarter when we start really taking a look at our price increase data that results from the last nine or 10 months and say what happened? What did we learn? And create our strategies for next year. And I guess my best advice to you would be to stay tuned. We'll probably update you on that at some point in the first quarter.
Jerry Gahlhoff: I would characterize it in the first five months of the year as somewhat up. I wouldn't say it was something that – we didn't see some sort of double-digit increases very consistently. We may have had better – some better months than others but it wasn't up at a higher – a significant higher level than prior year. There are ups and downs. And then it was really June is where we saw that almost that double-digit decrease for those three weeks in June that was sort of out of character but then it just rebounded in July. So I would say it's been dynamic and maybe the word is a little volatile over the summer a little bit but then it's now seemed to stabilize pretty consistently over the past few months in terms of flat year-over-year. So I don't know if that helps but I think that's the story of the last nine or 10 months.
Jerry Gahlhoff: So yes that is something – that is a trend that we've seen as more and more pest control companies have gotten more mature in the digital space. We have seen say the Googles of the world be able to pass along higher cost to us in terms of – especially for things like pay-per-click things along those lines. So you see that rise. And I also want to point out just because demand is flat through say Google search data or something like that or it's down 1% year-over-year or something along those lines, doesn't mean you as a company can't perform or take a larger share of that demand through – we have great marketing teams, certainly at Orkin and throughout some of our other brands as well that do some of the digital activity. And they can achieve more with the dollars spent in that market. But back to your original question, we certainly have seen over time over the last several years an increase in digital cost of customer acquisition that makes that gap between door-to-door and digital certainly narrower, and so when you look at the door-to-door model you think that can be a pretty good model if you sell it right, and especially when you consider the door-to-door is selling you density because they're working neighborhoods and you're picking up a dense more dense populations than say onesie-twosie stuff coming in from all over a metropolitan area on the digital side. So, when you factor the efficiencies that door-to-door bakes in long term even though it's a little bit more money upfront it may be it's a really strong offering from a long-term standpoint as well.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Yes. There's digital. There's the consumer awareness that makes the phone ring when they call our customer agents where -- they know our brands. They know our name and they call us automatically and never have to go to Google to do a search because they've seen our name phone number they see a vehicle in the neighborhood and they make the phone call, right? So, the word of mouth is still a powerful channel. So, it's really all those things that come into play to drive that but certainly digital is an important part. But we also don't like to over-rely on it as well. And we also think about technician sales. We've put a great deal of emphasis. And one of the things that you learn in this business is when you're not staffed your technicians don't sell. So, if they are -- if they're too swamped with too much work to do they're not going to go out. And when that when somebody down the road talks to them they're going to be a little less hesitant to want to sell that new job because it's just more work for them. But when you're staffed and you're staffed to a healthy levels your technicians get engaged. So, we see increases in our technician sales and their activities as a result of our better staffing levels as well. So, it's all these ways that we can acquire customers.
Jerry Gahlhoff: So on the -- this is Jerry, Harold. On the weather side, we had a pretty good weather quarter. Last year as Ken mentioned we had a hurricane that came through at the end of September it affected south in particular Southwest Florida. So we didn't have that type of event. So I would generally categorize it as favorable. And then as it relates to hiring of salespeople we've been very effective. And when you look at our commercial growth a lot of the investments we've made both in commercial and to some degree certainly the residential side and our termite and ancillary is the result of the effectiveness and the efficiencies that we're getting from a sales productivity standpoint of those sales the sales teams that we've added. And you look at our commercial growth looking back over the third quarter of 2022 we've added over 60 more commercial account managers into the Orkin brand alone over the past year that's really helping us that's an investment we make in the business. It's helping us drive that growth. We see a great opportunity in the commercial space. And those are the investments that we've been making over the last 12 months.
Jerry Gahlhoff: So, on the commercial side with targeted verticals, we've talked about this over the last few years especially as we are kind of coming out of the tail end of COVID and the investments that we've made there. We know that, our research on our customer database shows there are certain much more highly desirable verticals that we like to sell into and service into and things like hospitality or health care, hospitals, logistics, warehouses, distribution centers not that we don't want everything commercial but we have really targeted our focus on certain verticals. And when we bring on new say commercial account managers at Orkin, we're really getting them focused and targeted on working that type of material and going after those types of customers from a B2B standpoint. So it's really -- I've also discussed some of our tools like Marketo that help us from a -- on a B2B standpoint that have helped us get our outside sales people on the commercial side warmer leads and make them more productive and make them more productive quicker. That's a relationship sell. It takes some time. So we've been very deliberate about that since we started this program, probably midway through COVID seeing this as an opportunity coming once we are on the backside of COVID that would be a great opportunity for us to capitalize on. And we're again a long-term view and a long-term approach to our business and that's -- you're seeing the results and the payoff of that now. So -- and then on the technology side, certainly our marketing teams in particular when we talk about accelerating organic growth there are technologies. There's campaigns that we run where we're using technology where we're using some automation. The marketing teams are certainly innovative looking at strategies along those lines. I don't like to get into specifics, but I can assure you that they are very creative and very helpful to our sales teams in terms of creating that organic demand.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Competitively, it's -- I mean, it's still a healthy competitive market highly fragmented and lots of players out there. So no -- we haven't seen any significant change from a competitive standpoint. That's probably noteworthy or remarkable still competitive out there.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Yes. When you look sequentially between July, August, September from a growth rate, you're right, July was a pretty big month, where we saw higher levels of organic. But then as we move through the quarter, it remained strong too. It was more in line with our historical averages. It was strong organic growth to close out the quarter as well.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Thank you everyone for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in our company and we look forward to updating you on our fourth quarter earnings call early next year. Thanks again.
