Gary Rollins: Yes, thank you, Marilyn, and good morning. We appreciate all of you for joining us for our fourth quarter and year-end 2011 conference call. Harry will read our forward-looking statement and disclaimer and then we will begin. 
Gary Rollins: Let me take that one. Yes, we are. We are seeing some signs of life in the new construction area. We have been fortunate that we have added some new builders, national builders to our collection of customers. Our installs are up, which is the validation of that. And HomeTeam has done a very good job during the, I guess the deepest of the trough, of really going back to their customer and selling them other pest control services. And I think it’s noteworthy that they have continued to improve their margins and improve their profits all through the down cycle as far as construction is concerned. 
Gary Rollins: Well, I think one of the ways to do that is to develop programs that generates more recurring revenue. And I think that residential customers in particular that have a bedbug infestation, also have a certain amount of anxiety that it’s going to return. And I think if you think about it, the bedbugs got there somehow, typically through travel. People are not likely to change their lifestyle or their travel, or their work style as a result of having a bedbug problem. So we are working on developing creative ways to handle ongoing inspections. There is new monitoring products that are coming out routinely that we are testing. So we really need to and are focusing on taking kind of a onetime sales situation although it’s a nice one, but converting these customers into recurring customers. And cross-selling, frankly, it’s certainly not unusual for these customers once they have the experience of the service that we render and the quality of our people, to have us take care of their general pest control problems. So I think we are going to do more cross-marketing, and we are going to accelerate the recurring revenue aspect of bedbugs. 
Gary Rollins: Well, the residential is growing faster, it’s a small number so it’s a little bit easier for it to go. I don’t really see a limitation. More and more the hotel, lodging industry is very concerned and highly motivated to have bedbug protection and I think that again, with inspection, the old deal that an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure. They don’t want an incident. And so I think that lends itself again to the recurring revenue opportunity that we would go in and we inspect a certain number of rooms each month. And so I really think that percentage wise that we have got comparable opportunities as far as growing both areas of the business. 
Gary Rollins: Well, thank you. We appreciate you joining us today and please know that we will continue to work hard to grow and improve our business, and we look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Thanks, again. 
