John Wilson: Thank you, Joe, and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our third quarter 2021 conference call. Julie will read our forward-looking statement and disclaimer, and then we will begin.
John Wilson: Thank you, Julie. Before we begin, I am sure you have noticed that Gary is not on today's conference call. He is actively rehabbing from a knee replacement operation. And while he is recovering quickly, he is doing very well. He's just not in a position to physically join us today. We wish Gary well with his physical therapy and look forward to having him rejoin us on future calls. During the third quarter, we achieved some very strong business results, and Jerry will go over those with you shortly. In the interim, I wanted to share news of the latest addition to our Rollins Board of Directors. As you already know, over the previous year, we have enhanced and diversified that group with several new members. I am very pleased to announce our latest addition is Rollins' President and Chief Operating Officer, Jerry Gahlhoff. This is in recognition of his strong leadership and his deep commitment to the company's long-term success. We are proud to have Jerry serving on our Board moving forward. Jerry is an important part of the Rollins leadership team, and his in-depth knowledge of our business and experience gained from working in our industry since 1991 adds perspective. We're fortunate to have him assume a greater role in the direction and future of our company. Before turning the call over to Jerry, I have 2 items to first update you on. The first will represent a recent development in Rollins' environmental, social and governance commitment. We take very seriously the responsibility that we have to the communities in which we work and live. As a recent example, we're pleased to share that Rollins has made an in-kind donation originally costing $4.6 million worth of Personal Protective Equipment, or PPE, items during the third quarter. Working with the Federal Emergency Management Agency and several philanthropic organizations, including the Friends of Disabled Adults and Children, the Foundation of Hope Food Bank as well as Cope Preparedness in Los Angeles, we donated 27 pallets or 6.8 million pieces of masks, gloves and other items. In addition to achieving the successful execution of our strategies as well as solid business results, we also have a responsibility to the communities in which we work and live. EFC is a facet of our business is becoming more and more important to us. We are proud to support these initiatives. Last, as we have previously disclosed, the company has been responding to an investigation by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. In accordance with accounting standard ASC 450, we have established a reserve related to this matter, which we consider immaterial. Given that the investigation is ongoing, we cannot answer any questions during our Q&A, but we remain focused on resolving this inquiry. With that, I will turn our call over to Jerry.
John Wilson: Yes. I would second the labor part. I mean our labor as increase a percentage of revenue was -- one of the ways we track it, Tim, is our expenses growing less fast than our revenue, and that's always a focus for our operations. And labor was -- grew less than that 11% revenue increase.
John Wilson: I think in our prepared remarks, Julie said $4 million in increased fuel cost, Tim. And as you know, we've had active routing and scheduling efforts for several years. With 1 million stops per month or more, without that effort and the reduced miles per stop that our field teams are achieving, it would have been worse.
John Wilson: So you broke up a little bit on part of that. We've not taken any real extraordinary pricing action as a whole. As we talked about previously, many of our -- the vast majority of our people are paid on a productivity pay plan. So any sort of impact to wage inflation doesn't really reflect. What we do, do is use our call center team and our close rates and our branches to sort of evaluate do we have room in pricing. And then that's been a sort of effort that we've always looked at. But if our close rates in a particular market are trending well above the norm, then that tells us we have room for pricing increasing, no matter that the economic or concerns that are going on, right? And conversely, if it goes the other way, we have the same -- then we would take maybe a different action.
John Wilson: No. Frankly, Ashish, I've been a little bit surprised and pleased in our team's ability to handle the load that we've put on them with the new customer influx over the summer and the increasing customers that we added over this last year. Our 2 primary measurements are customer sat for the near term or the medium term. And then our customer retention is more of a lagging indicator. And both have remained relatively steady.
John Wilson: What I might add to that, our field leaders have adopted a sort of a mantra of, "You bought it, now utilize it." So we've got a ton of technology that our IT team has done a great job in delivering to our end users. And we're really kind of pushing the mindset if you bought it, you're paying for it, now let's use it. And so that's what we're really working on in 2021.
John Wilson: Michael, this is John. We've never added a fuel surcharge. Well, I said never. We may have at one time and found out that it really takes our customers off -- And so then what do you do when it goes down and you have to get that back. So I shouldn't say never. But we may have one time, but we found out really quickly how that made our customers feel.
John Wilson: Well, we'll keep pursuing the same mission we have with reducing miles were stop. And rounding our people more efficiently and as we add new customers then we of course improve gently. 
John Wilson: Thank you all for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in our company. As you've heard during the past calls, we have several programs underway that will make our company better as well as improve our customers' experience and our financial results. We look forward to giving you an update on our fourth quarter and year-end call. Thanks again.
Julie Bimmerman: Our earnings release discussions -- or sorry, discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that will be made on this call, excluding historical facts, are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual risks may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to today's press release and our SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Julie Bimmerman: At this point, with our change, we're trying to give you additional clarity by giving a very clean organic and the acquisition growth numbers. So we will be staying for here for now.
Julie Bimmerman: I'm going to go ahead and kick this first to Jerry, and then I'll see if I want to add anything on to that.
Julie Bimmerman: Well, we don't break out the fuel specifically. We keep that buried into our fleet number as you well know. So also think about it's not only the fuel increasing, as you said, the $4 million. But we're also talking about the increase because we had fewer vehicle gains this quarter as well, just under $1 million on that as well.
Julie Bimmerman: Well, basically, it's what we're getting down to the new numbers. We're going to -- we put these new measurements in place from this point on and will be going forward. So as of today, we told you how this growth relates to, obviously, Q3 of last year, so we gave you from that perspective. But we are not planning at this point to go back and give historical numbers. So hopefully, that makes sense from that standpoint.
Julie Bimmerman: And I'll just back to John's analogy that Jerry referenced to on the baseball is we said that we're still in the early sides of the game, early
Julie Bimmerman: It's very similar to what it was in the past. So I think just on very broad average, 1% to 2% would be the price increase. And then we do say the rest is a combination of new customers with additional sales to existing customers. We don't break out that part, but just take out your price increase.
Julie Bimmerman: Yes. I was just going to expand on what John said. It just gets back to what we were talking about a few minutes ago is, literally, I mean, think about it, if we are in the early innings, did I say that correctly guys, early innings on the on our routing and scheduling and what we can bring in and lowering those miles per stop, I mean, we have a long -- now I'm going to change analogies here, I won't say a long runway, that would totally kill it with it. We have a long way to go on that. So this will definitely help offset, as John was saying, the fuel increases.
Julie Bimmerman: It will be in whichever line item it occurs. The majority of the Wildlife would be on the residential.
Julie Bimmerman: Michael, I just want to make one comment just so you know. That is the way we have always presented the Wildlife. So that is nothing new on how we do split that.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Thank you, John. Good morning, everybody. We're very pleased with our third quarter results. Revenue increased 11.4% to $650.2 million compared to $583.7 million for the third quarter of last year. Our net income totaled $93.9 million or $0.19 per diluted share compared to $79.6 million or $0.16 per diluted share for the same period in 2020. Julie will review the GAAP and non-GAAP results shortly. Revenues for the first 9 months of 2021 were $1.824 billion, an increase of 12.2% compared to $1.625 billion for the same period last year. Net income for the first 9 months increased 44% to $285.3 million or $0.58 per diluted share compared to $198.2 million or $0.40 per diluted share for the comparable period last year. For the quarter, we experienced solid growth in all our business lines with residential increasing 11.7% and termite presenting 15% growth over the third quarter 2020. Additionally, commercial, excluding fumigation, delivered an impressive 10.1% growth over the third quarter last year. This is also an improvement of 7.9% growth over 2 years ago when we were not experiencing COVID-related shutdowns. Overall, we are pleased with our performance. Rollins remains well positioned for the remainder of the year and into 2022 Looking deeper at our operating results, we're attracting customers to all our services and brands. And one area I'd like to focus on today is our continued strong growth in our wildlife service offerings. Trutech Wildlife joined the Rollins family in 2010, followed by Critter Control in 2015. Since 2010, the business has grown 800%. Day-to-day operations of operating a wildlife control business is quite different than running a typical pest and termite business, and we are proud to have a dedicated team focused on this much needed service. Originally concentrated in the Southeastern United States, the business has expanded across the nation as well as into Canada. And with Critter Control's expansion into Canada, it's Rollins' first brand to enter an international country without acquiring another business as a platform. The Wildlife division also operates a thriving franchise system. There are currently 84 franchises with the most recent franchise launching in Mansfield, Ohio. We anticipate finishing the year with 12 new franchises, one of our strongest years in adding franchisees. We have also been fortunate to add 9 former corporate employees as franchisees, employees who have an entrepreneurial drive and a passion for wildlife and customer service have multiple career path opportunities, be it ownership of the franchise or growth within our company. We believe there is meaningful opportunity for continued growth in our Wildlife business and look forward to updating you in the quarters ahead. I'd now like to discuss Hurricane Ida. Our hearts go out to our Gulf Coast region and those that were affected by the hurricane. But I must admit we are inspired by our team in that area. They implemented an amazing plan that helped our team members and alleviate the negative impact of the storm. I have shut down several of our branches for days, but 2 locations were shut down for about 2 weeks. The impact to our employees in the days following the storm was far worse than the impact to our business in the quarter. Thankfully, all of our employees in the area were safe, yet they did need assistance. Through the Rollins Employee Relief Fund, we granted 137 emergency grants to impacted employees within the first week following the hurricane to enable employees to address their personal essential needs. Since then, another 7 employees who endured greater hardships received full grants to address their more significant needs. Additionally, our Orkin South Central division, led by Leland Morris, quickly initiated a preparedness and mitigation plan to assist our team members. This included immediate procurement of much needed supplies for our employees and their families, such as generators, fuel, portable air conditioners, fans, water and other essential emergency provisions that were not readily accessible to them locally. Our team members in adjacent areas that were fortunate to avoid the brunt of Ida's force volunteered their time and energy, often after work hours, to load these supplies into box trucks and drive them to those most in need. For weeks, they continue to shuttle fuel to these employees to keep their generators up and running. This was a total team effort, and we are tremendously proud of their care, compassion and commitment to one another. In fact, we're so pleased with their effort that we plan to expand and formalize this program in other areas of the country so that we can rapidly respond in case of a natural disaster or emergency. Now let me turn the call over to Julie to discuss our financials.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Yes. The call center has a lot of ability to look at data real time and make those adjustments to what they're selling, how they're selling it, what the demand is like and adjusting price based on that. But we also did implement our annual price increase this summer just as our core price increase that helps offset some of those costs. But certainly, the fuel is certainly the most impacted component of that this past quarter.
Jerry Gahlhoff: I would say -- this is Jerry. Residential remains strong. I mean it's been real consistent all the way from the pandemic to now, it remains strong. The commercial function appears to have completely rebounded and, again, is doing well. I would probably see some acceleration on the termite side. And so there's really a lot of positive things going on in our termite and ancillary services across the board. And that's been probably a more important growth driver for us in the third quarter. But all are really strong and continue to trend in positive direction.
Jerry Gahlhoff: I can. This is Jerry. So we are very heavily focused on adoption in the field of the phases that we're in and different operations in the field or different phases of -- or different, I guess, maturity levels of adoption. John often describes it like a baseball game and what inning we're in. And we're still -- there's still an awful lot of upside there for us to drive utilization. And with this increase that we're seeing in fuel, there's a lot more desire to get that done and increase the adoption along the way. So we still have plenty of runway in that regard to doing that. And we're continuing to see incremental improvements. And that's what we're all about is continuous improvement and getting better all the time. But we still have a long way to go.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Right. But if it was a commercial customer that needed that service, say, a grocery store, it would hit commercial. But if it was a residential homeowner, it would hit residential.
Jerry Gahlhoff: So it's going to -- it would be a mix of those. But the majority of their business is certainly residential.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. And then on price, you've historically had a fuel surcharge, if I remember correctly. So are you
Michael Hoffman: Okay. And then lastly, where does Wildlife exist in the 3 line items, just so we understand what it's influencing.
Michael Hoffman: Fair enough. Just needed to understand since you were emphasizing it, which part was being influenced by it.
