Gary Rollins: Yes. Thank you, Marilynn, and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our third quarter 2016 conference call. Eddie will read out our forward-looking statement and disclaimer and then we will begin.
Gary Rollins: Joan, we also have the ability to know whose is using and who is not. But the great thing is the excitement that the branches are going through is that we haven't had to poke anybody, but do have the ability to know where we stand in every branch.
Gary Rollins: Well, the well-run Critter Control branches have certainly good margins. I mean some of them are better than some of our pest control margins. It's really a great fit for us. Critter Control was the number one brand in the market. We've already seeing big jumps in leads when we updated their internet coverage. They've not been very aggressive in that way and we can benefit from what we've learned from our pest control side. So we are excited. I mean, we - these folks have really never had a buyer per se. The guy that found Critter Control really all he wanted was to have franchises, so I think they have approximately 200.
Gary Rollins: Yes, so there is 200 franchises, so it's not insignificant. We just think it's a great fit and we also know how to do it. I mean with our Trutech operation, we've had a very good success. And so this is not really getting into something that we are not familiar with. So we're very optimistic about it.
Gary Rollins: Well, thank you for joining us today and we look forward to sharing our fourth quarter and year-end results on our next call.
Eddie Northen: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call, excluding historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual risks may differ materially from any statements we make today. Please refer to today’s press release and our SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Eddie Northen: Yes, so Joan thanks for that. As we talked when we were at the Analyst Day, our anticipation at this point in time is to return to the historical norm that we’ve seen. On that day the graph that we showed went back to 2008 and showed our much higher capital expenditures spend when we opened up our call center. And then that graph kind of fast-forwarded through time. You saw kind of the historical norm of capital expenditure spend. Then you saw a spike obviously in 2015 and ‘16 with the BOSS rollout. And we anticipate it returning back to that historical norm. And again as we move forward and if we see anything that's going to be material in nature, we will communicate that ahead of time as far as anything that would deviate from that historical norm.
Eddie Northen: Yes, so Sean we don't break out the size of HomeTeam at this point in time. We continue to see very positive trends and on previous calls I've given some specifics both the installation improvements as well as the actual revenue improvements. We see HomeTeam growing regularly faster than our total company growth rates, so that's a very positive thing for us. And as we continue to improve on the installations, as Gary mentioned in his remarks, it just gives us that many more opportunities to be able to have potential new customers through time. So all good things from HomeTeam and we’ll continue intermittently giving updates as far as specifics are concerned, but nothing really noticeable to necessarily report outside of the good results that we’ve talked about in previous calls.
John Wilson: Yes, so we've gone through the training for all the Orkin brands and now it's a matter of having this become part of the daily routine of what they go through and do. So each branch we are going through and as follow-up training is needed then will continue to do that to make sure that we are maximizing opportunities as quickly as we can. Just like with anything, you have very early adopters and you have others that take a little bit more time to be able to make a change. So this is a relatively material change in the life of a branch where we are having to have routes that are adjusted and changed. And probably most importantly, we have to make sure that we have all of the customer-related service times that need to be locked in that all of those are accounted for. So we want to make sure that as we are going through and we are optimizing that all of that is taken care of. And I think we've had good improvement since the beginning to get over the 50% number and we'll continue to move that forward.
John Wilson: Okay. So Joan if it’s okay, we'll answer this one and then we’ll move on and let someone else get in the queue and please come back into the queue if that's okay with you. But as far as lead generation is concerned, all of our different areas, our termite control, our commercial and our residential, all are a little bit different states, but they are all in the single digits as far as our lead control to low-double digits. So we see lead enhancements continuing to be healthy in all of the different areas and we'll see - we think that we’ll see sales that will continue to move along based on that as well.
John Wilson: Yes, so Joan since we bought some of those back where, I guess, we're little low over 100 now as far as the total franchises are concerned after we bought some of these back. And of course we bought the master franchise or we had the royalty fees that we were receiving. And to Gary's point, now in these key markets we're able to roll that brand name and the customer base into our existing wildlife operations and we are able to see some very good opportunities by combining those efforts together. And it took us a little while. We purchased them I think February of last year, and we’ve worked through all the economics of it to make sure that we started this correctly when we started the buyback. So it took us almost 10 months before we bought the first one back, so we wanted to make sure that it was done correctly in the right markets for the right price. So now that we have that down, we've been able to go through and get that process started and it's been very positive results for us so far.
