Gary W. Rollins: Yes, thank you, Marilyn. Good morning and thanks to all of you for joining us on our second quarter 2010 conference call. Harry will read our forward-looking statement and disclaimer and then we’ll begin.
Gary W. Rollins: Well, I think one of reasons is we’re growing and some aren’t is because of our investment and adding additional sales people where we have strong demand. I think we’re doing a better job analyzing where we need – the people engaged, we have worked on our sales training which, I think, has kind of fallen a little bit by the wayside in the past. So we really refreshed our training. We refreshed our training of sales managers and trainers so I think we’re doing a better job closing our leads, handling those leads by ensuring that we have the right staffing, where we have high demand. And we’re just focusing on the business better than we’ve had in the past.
Gary W. Rollins: I think that we’ve concluded that Home Team needs to be our new home marketing organization. Orkins kind of years ago have been in the pre-treat business and really did not do it particularly well. It’s a very competitive feel and you really have to spend a lot of time cultivating relationships with builders. And Home Team just does that tremendously. I think one of the great things that Home Team have going for them right now is they’re able to sell some of the better builders that would not buy from them before the cross of the relationship that they had with Syntax (ph). So they’re pretty much encouraged. They feel like they see the housing starts improving. Now much of that is because they’ve got new customers coming on the line like total brothers and full team (ph) but one of the wonderful things of that Home Team is they really don’t spend a lot of time relaying some of the bad statistics that you read about home sales out there. They just try to find more creative ways to get additional sales.
Gary W. Rollins: Oh, the year we’ve retentioned (ph), we continue to work hard on that. I think that we’ve gathered some great statistics about what percentage of customers or new sales we start depending on how quickly we get there and there’s definitely correlation. You know, quite often, our branch is busy and it’s human nature sometimes as well. We don’t really need to do anything tomorrow. We can always do it on Friday but our statistics indicate that that’s just a terrible conclusion and we have done a better job educating our branch users to how important it is to get that account started quickly. Steve led its role frankly and I touched on him a little bit earlier. We took one of our very best people from the field, our operators and this is his area. And he is carefully monitoring how we are closing leads in our call center which is really the beginning of the yield process, how few times we hand off that lead. We also know that every time we had a lead off to another party, that our closure goes down and as I touched on a minute ago, we also know that when you don’t start to sell the same day, or when the customer wants you to, has requested it that you really lose a lot of potential sales. So I think it’s a lot of things that we’ve done in the past. We just kind of got a magnifying glass-typed focus on this particular part of our business and we’re seeing improvements.
Gary W. Rollins: Our bed bug business is picking up and we’re pretty pleased we have a kind of an inner company multi-brand task force that’s working on refining our bed bug protocols. I mean, I think we’ve been a little bit uncomfortable that we were doing this a lot of different ways and as I mentioned, before, I think we’ve gotten good about stealing shamelessly from ourselves so we’ve got our team together and we are refining our treating protocol. We are refining our pricing and our guarantees. I mean, this selling is continuing to pick up momentum, depressed loves. The subject I read earlier in New York, that they were contemplating legislation where landlords had to advise new tenants as to whether the property had had bed bug problems in the past which is a wonderful thing for our cost control operator. So we are – we’re very much aware that this really has high potential for us.
Gary W. Rollins: Well, we think that we’re getting there so to speak. I use the analogy, there’s more than one way to Chattanooga. There’s not a single, at this point, there’s not a single best way to eliminate bed bugs. We think that one of the best ways is with heat. We have been using heat on the West Coast probably for 18 months now with good results. I have some drawbacks. One of the drawbacks is if you overdo it, you can get the elimination of the furniture and some things with the wallpaper and so forth. So it’s not a silver bullet. But we think that it really has a lot potential. You’re right about the mattress steel. I mean, if you’ve got a severe bed bug infestation in a hotel, we would strongly recommend that they change the mattress. It’s just because of eliminating one of the big sources of hard-to-reach (ph) we’re using and don’t laugh but we’re using dogs in Canada. Dogs in the Midwest, dogs in the Northeast – very effective, the same capabilities that they have of locating drugs on airline passengers, et cetera. They have the same ability when trained to locate bed bugs. One of the big challenges with bed bugs and I know this sounds a little bit far-fetched but the industry is even considering into some way that they can use DNA because you can go into a hotel and just do a wonderful job eliminating bed bugs. And within a month, they can have bed bugs again. And then, you got a customer that’s kind of unhappy that says, “Hey, why didn’t you kill all my bed bugs?” And you start debating of how did these new bed bugs or old bed bugs that didn’t die. It’s pretty complicated thing because they’re not going to stop their business. I mean, they’re not going to, when they have inquiries from foreign countries, they’re not going to restrict the company from checking in and quite often, that’s where the bed bugs come from to begin with. James Clement – Sidoti & Company: Sure. And I mean, it sounds to me like we might be actually on the brink of some municipality legislation on all of this stuff when people finally figure out what the story is. I don’t know, that’s my impression and obviously maybe I’ve in ground zero so to speak in the bed bug world.
Gary W. Rollins: There are some things that we can do that they can’t do and that’s the benefit of the scale that we have, certainly Terminex (ph) can do the things that we do because of their network but when you look at advertising leverage and call center management, many of these people don’t have a call center.
Gary W. Rollins: Okay, well no more questions. In closing, thank you for joining us today. We appreciate your interest. And as I mentioned, we’re looking forward to the balance of the year and we’ll continue to work hard to grow and improve our business during that time. So we look forward to joining you next quarter. Thank you.
