Harry J. Cynkus: We appreciate all of you joining us on our fourth quarter and year end 2013 conference call. Let me read our forward-looking statement and disclaimer and then we’ll begin. Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call, excluding historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual risks may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to today’s press release and our SEC filings including the risk factors section of our Form 10K for the year ended December 31, 2012 for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ. 
Harry J. Cynkus: Yes. Then we’ll certainly have the addition from the margins of the acquisition and we’re always looking – we’re not satisfied with matching our results next year so free cash flow will raise with the profit. It won’t affect EBITDA and free cash flow – we don’t know yet we’re still working with the valuation people with regards to the All Pest acquisition. At this point I don’t know how much of the purchase price will be allocated to goodwill verses intangible assets which impacts the amortization. So it impacts EPS but it is all free cash flow post acquisition and we’ll have more color on that hopefully by the end of first quarter here.
Harry J. Cynkus: I would think Sun if you did your math right, and I can’t verify your math right now I’m sitting at home, last night I didn’t expect not to be able to get back in the office so I don’t have any of my worksheets and spreadsheets with me. But you are correct, the consulting project, those fees were all related to our pricing initiative and we’re past the consultation standpoint and are now in the implementation. The advertising spend will return to normalized level again, unless we decide we see a market opportunity and acquisition expenses is tied to acquisition. So yes, it would normalize unless something not normal comes up. It’s hard to predict sitting here but certainly nothing on the immediate horizon that we have to talk about.
Harry J. Cynkus: The company, interestingly from a seasonality standpoint, their seasons run 180 degrees different from ours in that they’re on the other side of the equator down under. It’s summer right now so we’re sitting here freezing and having ice in Atlanta Georgia and it’s somewhere between 90 and 100 degrees Fahrenheit down in Perth today. They are in the height of their season so interestingly to some degree, and they’re certainly not anywhere as large, but they’ll help us smooth out some of our seasonality that we’ve been reporting on.  In terms of growth, we’re really not in a position to talk about that just now. About half of their business is tied into oil and gas industry. They do a lot of work around the biosecurity of these huge liquefied natural gas projects that are going on in Western Australia. Their revenues spike up at the front end of the project while the items at these plants and things are being built and then it drops off into a normalized rate. The big question is how many more of these contracts – there are other projects that are being bid on, there are other projects that are at the front end of the cycle. Some projects have slowed down, others are picking up. They grew, I want to say I think the number was in excess of 30% revenue growth they experienced last year. In the last six months of the business this year it slowed a little for them. I think we modeled very modest first year growth as we try to get our hands around it and figure it out but a lot of it has to do with the timing of the contracts which quite frankly we haven’t had as much familiarity with at this point. We have an [inaudible] who is in the process of relocating his family to Australia. He has been down there for the due diligence. I spoke to him about 5:30 this morning, 6:30 his time and he had a full day of meetings with customers. He’s been meeting with customers now for the last two weeks. We’re just getting and wrapping our hands around all of it. He’s having employee meetings like the customer meetings. His report is extremely enthusiastic. The customers have wonderful relations and have just given us glowing reports about the relationships and the quality of the work that has been performed and are happy to hear that it is our intent to keep the full team there and in place. We’re just bringing our balance sheet, our contacts, and looking to find ways to grow and improve the business.  Prospects are wonderful I just don’t know how to model it yet. I know next week or two weeks after this deal closes the first question I get from Gary when I get back from Australia is, “Where’s the budget?” 
Harry J. Cynkus: We would certainly be willing to take on debt and we have in the past so there’s not any limit. The big ones are harder to catch but we feel like we’ve improved our imitative dramatically and we’ll be turning up the calls we make on these prospects. The Obama Care is looming out there and we’re getting calls from some people that are very concerned about what that is going to do with their cost and cash flow so we’re pretty encouraged about the direction as far as the new year is concerned.
Harry J. Cynkus: We’re really not as interested in international acquisition as we are domestic. I think this Australian thing was pretty unique. We feel like our model, as far as franchises is concerned internationally as far as the cultural challenges, and the language, and other regulatory issues, etc. – so this isn’t an indication that we’re just going to go out and try and accumulate a bunch of companies. But this Australian situation just fit for us and we have other opportunities in Australia. We’re on the west coast, certainly the east coast has potential and we’re making contacts in those other areas.
