Gary Rollins: Yes, Marilynn. Thank you and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our third quarter 2019 conference call. Eddie will read our forward-looking statement and disclaimer and then we'll begin.
Gary Rollins: Yeah. And I would add to that that this termites -- dedicated termite quality insurance team that Eddie mentioned they are independent from our branch operations. So they go into every one of our branches on a regular basis to actually go out and inspect the work that they do and make sure that we are delivering what we promise. And so that's been a huge linchpin in terms of us reducing our termite damage claims both from a dollar perspective, paid perspective and a number perspective over the last say 20 years.
Gary Rollins: Yeah. Jamie, no doubt the market is frothy from that perspective in terms of the opportunity to buy these companies. And with the multiples being paid certainly many of the smaller companies are out there and actively shopping and trying to sell their companies as well. We certainly go after the small ones. Just like we do the bigger ones the -- they can provide a tremendous opportunity to tuck-in to a location and really improve that the densities, the route density of that branch and that business. And so that's usually the approach we'll take with those, but from an employee perspective we take the same approach as we do from -- with the bigger ones, because as I like to say our team in our business when you buy a company, you don't buy a lot of hard assets, all you get are employees and customers and neither has to stay. And so if we don't treat the employee well, and onboard them well and integrate them well then that customer won't be there at the end of the day either. And so that's really our approach whether it's big or small.
Gary Rollins: John, I'd like to add to that. We have developed a software that we call Insight. So, we have the ability to show commercial customer the layout of their facility and what we intend to do in those areas typically base stations and service emphasis on the high pest pressure areas. And we think that this is going to help distinguish what we can offer the customer. And so far we don't have it in – everywhere, but where we do have it we're showing good results.
Gary Rollins: I think ultimately, we will. I mean, it distinguishes us and then we're able to identify where we've had a rodent activity. So this isn't just a sales tool, but it's also a means to have continuous communication with the customer. And this is especially important when you get into big commercial situations. And you might have 50 base stations in some of these larger warehouses and manufacturing operations. So I think one of the benefits will be not only from the sales point of view, but retention point of view because we're just reaffirming the fact that we are doing these service stops, if you will or check in the base stations. And it gives a customer a feel that this is not just a sale this is an ongoing communications tool.
Gary Rollins: Well. Thank you all for joining us. We appreciate your interest. I hope you sense that we're optimistic about our company's opportunities going forward. We have a lot of investments that we think will start to payoff in a greater form. It's kind of hard to put it all together and come up with a cumulation of these investments and where they take us. But we see movement with all of them -- positive movement with all of them. And we've got some tremendous companies and brands. And we're very proud of what we've done. And we're very proud of the transition that these companies have gone through and have experienced. So, we look forward to giving you our update with our fourth quarter call. Thanks again.
Eddie Northen: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call, excluding historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual risks may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to today's press release and our SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 for more information and the Risk Factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Eddie Northen: Yes. Tim I would say a couple of different things. We've had good termite growth. I think if you look back probably over the last nine or 10 quarters maybe even a little bit further back than that we've had good consistent termite growth. You're right this quarter was enhanced a little bit more. A little bit of that would be a pent-up demand. But we've talked about on previous calls that we have our internal credits department that enabled us to really be able to help with the closing tool for that. So it's a great quality service from a termite perspective. And we also have that ability for our customers to be able to use our internal credit department. For some -- in some cases a larger dollar expense that they would have for that type of service. So operations continue to put a good quality product out there and I think the sales folks continue to use our sales tools extremely well to be able to close those sales.
Eddie Northen: Yeah. I – Tim, I don't know the specifics of the other that you're talking about or we couldn't read some of the same things that you read publicly. I'll say perspective for termite, our termite claims are actually down year-over-year. Our dollars -- our litigated dollars are down and our claims dollars are down year-over-year. I think the thing that we have in place that really has been enabled us to continue to reduce this over many years is we have a very strong dedicated termite services group, technical services group that enable us to make sure that we have a good quality product that's out there. We have a QA group that will look on the backside to make sure that a good quality service is being done. And they'll also help to manage any claims related issues or concerns that might be out there to be able to help to minimize that in any way possible. We also take a look carefully at the contracts that we offer that are available out there kind of based on the different type of termite and the different areas of the country to make sure that we feel like it's the right risk to be able to take in the different areas.
Eddie Northen: Yeah. I would say that, the pricing is a very rational in the industry. We know that there are other players that, if you look back three years, five years, seven years, they may not have been in the market. We're still seeing very rational pricing that is out there in most cases that are available. We really concentrated on areas where we know that, there's less price sensitivity. So, we really shifted our focus probably over the last 18 months from a new customer perspective really looking at those areas. There's lots of different groups that – companies that have their own margin pressure and that can be pushed along to all of their vendors. And we're continuing to move away from those and continue to concentrated areas, where there's less price sensitivity and they care more about the quality and they're willing to pay for the quality or the service. So we're seeing some more retention from that because the quality of service that we're able to attain and I think that's helping us to be able to continue to incrementally improve and in this case have a pretty healthy jump as far as the commercial is concerned.
Eddie Northen: I think it'd be extremely difficult to break it out exactly. We've talked about pent-up demand. Gary talks regularly about looking at a full year as far as revenue growth, because there is going to be fluctuation. It's going to occur between the different quarters. Of course, this year was tremendously different than anything that we've seen in previous years and I think Gary probably would say the same thing and in his time period it was completely different. But there was significant pent-up demand. But I would also say that, we had great marketing initiatives. And our operations executed extremely well, to be able to have a higher retention rate from a customer perspective, which I think will help us from an organic revenue perspective as we're moving forward in time. So, I think the combination of those things, helped with the record that we saw this quarter. And I think they're going to help us as we move forward. The technology that we put in place with Glympse and John talked about our routing and scheduling it's making it a better job for our technician. And it's making it a better customer experience, from a customer's perspective. And all those things are incrementally improving that customer retention piece, which ultimately will help us as we're continuing to grow our revenues.
Eddie Northen: Well I talked about that a little bit in my comments when I -- the only thing we called out in the adjusted was the pension adjustment. However, we do know that we had some onetime events having to do with the Clark integration, such as our D&A, our interest, professional expenses as well as our 401(k) increases. All of those contributed probably to a difference of a percentage point as far as the overall margin was concerned. So I think, if you go through and you -- if you wanted to look at it from that perspective you go through and kind of strip those things out. I think you'll see a nice improvement, year-over-year for the quarter. And, we believe that, as those areas subside and/or we lap those areas. We're going to continue to see that margin moving in a positive direction as we have for many quarters and many years before this.
