Gary Rollins: Yes Marilyn, and thank you, and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our second quarter 2018 conference call. Eddie will read our forward looking statement and disclaimer and then we'll begin.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Eddie. We’re very pleased to report our 49th consecutive quarter of improved revenue and earnings. For the quarter, our revenues grew 10.8% to 480.5 million compared to 433.6 million for the same period last year. Net income increased 21.1% to 65 million or $0.30 per diluted share compared to 53.7 million or $0.25 per diluted share for the same quarter last year. Revenues for the first 6 months rose 9.9% to 889.2 million compared to 808.8 million for the same period last year. Net income increased 20.9% to approximately 113.6 million with earnings per share at $0.52 per diluted share compared to 94 million or $0.43 per diluted share for the same period last year. We experienced good growth in all of our business lines, with residential up 11.6%, commercial pest control rose 6% and Termite & Ancillary services rose 16.9%. Eddie will provide greater detail on our financial results in a few moments. We’re extremely pleased with the expansion that we continue to make with our global footprint. During the quarter, we made two significant acquisitions in this regard. In May, we acquired Guardian Pest Control in the United Kingdom. Guardian was founded in 2002 and is a well-recognized for its pest control services, legionella disease control and hygiene services. These services are provided to commercial customers throughout the UK’s midlands. This acquisition, our fourth in the UK, will help us to expand our footprint within this country. As in the past, we look forward to sharing best practices with one another. On July 2nd, we marked another important company milestone, having closed on the acquisition of Aardwolf Pestkare, our first company owned acquisition in Singapore. Founded in 1997, Aardwolf is a highly regarded company and known for its superior pest control and specialty services to both residential and commercial customers. In selecting to partner with Rollins, founders John Ho and Patrick Chong shared that it has taken them 3 years to find a company that had the same business philosophy that they had. Both of our company's share a commitment to quality service and care for our employees. We're most pleased that Patrick Chong will remain in a leadership role and we look forward to working with him and his fine team with the goal of becoming the dominant pest control provider in Singapore. The landmark acquisition expands our residents now into 54 countries worldwide. John will provide greater details on this acquisition. We received an overwhelmingly positive response from our employees, resulting from the tax related benefit improvements announced last quarter. If you look around, we granted Rollins’ stock to over 7,000 employees based on tenure with the company. This was a one-time charge for the second quarter P&L. On a going forward basis, our 401(k) plan was improved, which benefited all participating employees. This was complemented by an additional floating holiday and an enhanced college scholarship program. Investing in our people is always beneficial and critical to our mission to become the world's best service company. Before turning the call over to John, I'd also like to acknowledge HomeTeam is receiving for the 7th time in a row, David Weekley’s highly coveted Partners of Quality award. David Weekley Homes is the largest privately held builder in the country, implementing its rigorous supply feedback platform as a way to measure world class lender excellence. And to demonstrate their commitment to partner with our suppliers, believing that when a partner improves his relationship with them, they both become better providers in the marketplace. HomeTeam performs thousands of services for David Weekley Homes at 13 cities where they conduct this. This award confirms HomeTeam’s commitment to providing exceptional service to its business partners. I’d now like to turn the call over to John.
Gary Rollins: Yeah, I think that's right. Six to eight months for a residential customer and for that third or fourth visit and three times in the quarter for the commercial. 
Gary Rollins: Thank you all for joining us today. And we appreciate your interest in our company and look forward to updating you on our progress on our next call.
Eddie Northen: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call, excluding historical facts, are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual risks may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to today’s press release and our SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Eddie Northen: Well, the reason why we’re pointing this out is because our profitability really begins after that third or fourth visit. Yeah. So, the first visit, the first, second and third visit, if it’s a commercial account, we’re setting up all this equipment, we’re setting up the base stations, we’re setting up the rodent trap, we’re learning the customer and by that fourth to fifth visit is really when all of that is behind us, the expense of all that is behind us and that’s when the profitability really improves rapidly. To a lesser degree, we'll still see that on the residential side. We may have sales commissions that may be a part of that new residential sale or we may also have a learning curve with the new consumer as well. So we were just pointing out with the rapid growth on the organic side, that’s a little bit different than what we've seen in the historical kind of regulated -- regular organic growth that we’ve seen think.
Eddie Northen: It will be slightly less than we began the amortization, we’ll have a slightly less amount of amortization in Qs 3 and Q4. So it will probably, to your point, I’ll probably round down slightly less than a penny.
Eddie Northen: Yeah. So I would say the organic growth was probably from a weighted average perspective, was probably the larger piece of that that we have, more employees are spending a little bit more time on those new customers as we added them so rapidly over these last two quarters. But then fleet it also a piece of that as well, but the fuel price is up on average, $0.39 per gallon and then our -- and our lease vehicle cost is up. So as we're adding these new customers and this new revenue and we're adding new employees, we have had additional vehicle lease expense as well. So those were two of the key items that really made that impact that you mentioned.
Eddie Northen: There's significant growth opportunities in lesser developed countries. The growth rates that we see in places like Southeast Asia and in China through our franchise groups, the growth rate there is significantly higher. To your point in Europe, there are some very mature markets that are larger markets that are out there and we’ll continue to be able to go through and take a look at different countries where, at this point in time, probably going to continue to still take a look at countries, where we understand the language, we understand the culture, it is a business environment we clearly understand, but we're going to continue to use these franchises to be able to know and understand these markets as we're growing and we’re moving forward, especially in these higher emerging opportunity, countries that are out there.  And it is a formula that's worked very well for us. I mean, the franchise group in total, the International Franchise group has grown significantly faster than our overall company’s growth rate. Now, of course, we only have the royalties portion of that from a financial perspective. But it gives us an opportunity to be able to know and understand the footprint and the opportunities that are out there around the rest of the globe. So, we feel good with Australia moving forward the way that it has and developing that landscape, starting there in 2014 and then adding new countries in 2016, the UK and now 2018, in Singapore. It's been a good cadence for us, first to be able to digest that and learn and understand more about those parts of the world and we’re excited about what that future looks like.
Eddie Northen: I will answer the last piece of that. Our model, the decrease in taxes helped with the model when we take a look at it, but I would not say that that has been a driving factor behind anything. We continue just to find opportunities for good quality companies that want to join the Rollins family of brands that maybe aren’t necessarily looking for that biggest check and then happier company broken up. They’re looking for an opportunity to be able to join the Rollins family of brand and be able to continue to keep that legacy company intact and be able to continue to make improvements from there.  We’ve see that through the relationship that Gary and John and our other senior management folks have developed over the years that we continue to have these folks come to the table or come to us and in a lot of cases, we’re the only ones at the table. For the last two major deals that we did, it was not a situation of a bidding process. So the valuation that other companies are paying, we're not a part of that. It's more important that whole legacy piece and continuing to keep those good quality companies and employees and being able to go through and finally get to that.  And one of the key things and the most important thing to us, if you hear us talk about over and over is our company culture. And when someone else is selling a company and they have a very similar culture to us, the importance of their customers and their employee is, in a lot of cases, a driving decision. For Aardwolf, in Singapore, they told us that was the number one thing that made their decision for Rollins.  And as John talked about, it took them over three years to make their decision, but when they found us and learned about us and they found out more about our culture and who we are and what the company thinks about our employees and how we think about our customer experience and taking care of our customers, they said that was a perfect fit for them. Now, if they had chosen someone else where they had been a different price tag for them, it’s a possibility that that could have been the case, but the culture piece was really the most important part for them and we continue to see that with many, many opportunities that are out there from an acquisition perspective.
Eddie Northen: We don't break any margins down by any of our geographic areas. When we get an opportunity to be able to add density into a country such as we were able to do in Australia, things obviously move in the right direction, because we have one set of leadership that's going to be in place or the country. And as we were able to go through and add our third and our fourth and our fifth and sixth companies there, we're able to go through it and use that more efficiently. We're also able to be able to use our purchasing power at the company typically to be able to go through and enhance the margin in these existing countries and companies that we're buying. Our purchasing power for material and supplies and for vehicle and all those types of things as well as benefits in a lot of cases is a very positive thing what will impact the overall margin, but we'll break those out, but we'll have opportunities to be able to see how we can help our overall company's margin go forward when we add acquisition, not just internationally, but domestically as well.
Eddie Northen: So when we acquire a company depending on what's already in place, we can typically pick up 4 to 5 margin points, when we go through and we strip out cost that we would not need to continue to run the company when we use our purchasing power as I just talked about, when we use our vehicle leases, when we put them on our benefit. And if there are opportunities to be able to create further synergies from there, whether it’s back office or whether it is their management structure, we're able to sometimes do better than that. But we're able to use our tools typically to be able to make them better. A great example would be when we acquired Critter Control and they really didn’t have a very strong Internet presence. So we were able to go through and use our marketing group to be able to help them further develop and improve their revenue stream in a more efficient manner that enabled us to be able to improve the margins there. So having our structure in place just enabled us to be able to provide that. [Technical Difficulty]
Eddie Northen: It will depend on what kind of customer it is. So if it is a residential customer, let’s just say it is in every other month customer that we have, which is our most frequent visit, that third visit, you can help through the math there, so every other month times three visit is what we would be looking at. And then on the commercial side, I think the average of averages and I'm going to say that because you have some that, some customers revisit twice a week and some customers, we might have quarterly, the average of averages will probably be about a month. So now we're talking about that two to three month time period for the average of averages to be able to go through and --
Eddie Northen: And that's the reason why our retention rate, leading the industry is such an impactful item for us as far as profitability is concern, with residential, retention rates well into the '80s and commercial in the high 80, that's what really helped with that profitability. We keep those that are profitable over a long period of time.
Eddie Northen: Well, so we'll definitely see leverage, this quarter was impacted by the enhanced benefit that we had for our employees. So if you kind of take that out, it’s kind of a one-time type of event, we would have seen a further improvement on the SG&A. But as we move through time, as we continue to streamline with the acquisition and one of the things that we're able to do is we're able to sometimes pull in back office support into a more consolidated environment and help reduce the overall cost. Those numbers should continue to move in a positive direction for us.
Eddie Northen: I don't know if there's ever. You all will have to help me. I don’t know if there’s ever a typical second quarter. In April, it was still a little bit cool. In May and June, it warmed up and every year that cycle looks maybe a little bit different, but like I said, that organic growth rate really moves forward very, very positively, the recurring growth rate has really moved forward very, very positively. And we just hope to continue to be able to see that as we move forward.
Eddie Northen: I don't know if I have that exact number off the top of my head. It was somewhere around 4, 5. I think in total, we’ve got somewhere in around 20. I think I did mention the dollar amount that we had that we deployed this year versus last year as well.
Eddie Northen: We've really analyzed a hedge type of a situation and at this point in time, just isn’t really some expense for us to be able to look at that. Gasoline, in total, specifically has been somewhere between 3% and 4% in total. So to pick a chance of that, and being on the wrong side of that, we’ve not made a decision, we’ve made a decision not to do that at this point in time. Our real effort is around our routing scheduling and our route optimization and we have a lot of very, very good opportunity for us in that area as we move forward, not just in or chem, but in some of our other brands as well that have made some good improvement in the routing and scheduling piece.  So anything that we can do to continue to reduce our miles per stock, which we are in June with our best month we’ve had since the inception of this program, we continue to move that forward. That’s going to offset some of that fuel increase. And we're just not smart enough to be able to bet on almost every another on where that price per gallon is going to go as we move forward in time. So we’re going to do the parts that we can do and that’s making the routes more optimized and be able to reduce the miles that way.
