John Wilson: Yes. Thank you, Joe, and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our fourth quarter 2022 earnings call. Julie will read our forward-looking statement disclaimer and then we'll begin.
John Wilson: Thank you, Julie. I'm pleased to report that, Rollins closed out last year with continued strong revenue growth and solid financial performance. In the fourth quarter, we report revenue improved 10.2% to $661 million, and net income improvement of 26.1% to $84 million. For all of 2022, we achieved revenue growth of more than 11%, with net income improving as well. Jerry and Ken will provide greater detail, but all credit goes to our tremendous team, who continue to overcome many obstacles. As we begin 2023, the company remains well positioned to deliver on our long-term business objectives. Now, let me turn the call over to Jerry.
John Wilson: Only maybe staffing. We were better staffed and a better staff position. Part of that's related to COVID. 
John Wilson: We were really racked with people out sick with COVID in January a year ago. And so this year we were better positioned to handle the opportunity that we had. 
John Wilson: And Jerry if I may add as it relates to cross-selling, a critical aspect of that is being well-staffed in both your sales management arena and your sales team. And currently we are well-staffed. That's why we believe that cross-selling will continue to increase. Without the staff you can't -- you're having to offer those services proactively. And so without a staff out there to do it, it just doesn't happen.
Kenneth Krause: Thanks for the question, Tim. This is Ken. I'll take this question. But I would agree with you. We had really good performance in the fourth quarter with respect to our cost control programs and SG&A. As I'd indicated in my prepared commentary, we had an advertising benefit of about $7 million. So that's about 120 basis points of the improvement. However, we certainly continue to look at a number of opportunities to continue to improve our cost structure going forward. We certainly did leverage it with the higher growth rates that we were able to deliver in the quarter, but we also are very actively evaluating and continue to contemplate cost changes and cost reduction measures across our business.
Kenneth Krause: We have no intention to take the foot off the gas and slow it down. So our goal is always to try to get better and maintain or beat those rates year-over-year. So that's our aim. We're going to keep going.
Kenneth Krause: Yes certainly. When we look at the business, there's two or three broad buckets of costs. There's people, there's materials and then there's fleet. And when we look at the business, we started to see gradual improvement in fleet as we move throughout the year. The pressures that we felt earlier in the year when oil was much higher than where it is currently, started to abate as we went throughout the year. The one point that was good to see for us as we finished the year was actually improvements in materials and supplies. And so the second category of costs that I spoke about materials and supplies was certainly – it was helpful to see some improvement as a percentage of sales to close the year out in that area. And last but certainly not least, our people costs, we continue to manage that very closely. It's a challenging market. Our focus is on hiring the best and the brightest, retaining and providing the tools that will continue to drive that high level of engagement across our workforce that in turn results in that high level of customer service that we're known for. And so we're continuing to manage the inflationary pressures. And that's part of the reason why Jerry spoke about our intent and desire to pull forward the pricing. We're trying to stay ahead of the inflationary cycle that we're all feeling and trying to pass along that price and price our – the value of the services that we're providing to our customers.
Kenneth Krause: Those markets continue to be very attractive for us. We continue to grow our business. And in fact last year we made significant acquisitions in the UK market. We build out our platform of businesses and services that we're providing in the UK because we view that as a very attractive market. We'll continue to deploy capital internationally, but I have to remind you also that the US is our largest market it's our fastest growing market and it's highly fragmented. So it provides us tremendous amount of growth opportunities as we go forward. So we're pretty bullish, we're pretty optimistic and we feel like we've got a great growth plan that spans the globe.
Kenneth Krause: We don't break out the termite business from the ancillary, so it's hard to report that. But what I would say is we continue to see demand for the termite business. A lot of people look at the non-residential -- or the residential housing market and get concerned about a slowdown in new housing starts and such. And while we are managing through the challenges associated with higher interest rates, we're seeing good growth come through that business.
Kenneth Krause: It's hard to parse it down into that level of detail. But what I can tell you is when we look at the overall growth rate of roughly 10 or so percent, you back off just over 3% of that for acquisitions so you arrive at about 7% or so of total growth. As Jerry indicated, last year we pulled the price increase forward a bit. So we actually saw a little bit more of pricing not only from pulling it forward, but because we were passing along a higher pricing -- price inflation to our customers. And so if you -- if -- we had talked previously about passing along roughly a 4% price increase, we probably realized something in the 2% to 3%. So you could see that our underlying real growth rate is in that 4% to 5% is what we estimate. And it's just an estimation, but that's what we're estimating that our underlying growth rate is without price.
Kenneth Krause: We're hopeful that – I mean, we've got a number of levers that we're pulling to continue to maintain our margin profile. Pricing is only one of them. And so we are optimistic about our ability to continue to drive margins. We're not committing to necessarily a specific margin target, but we do see an opportunity to continue to improve our margin profile over the long term.
Kenneth Krause: The only thing, I would say, there is 2022, as you know is a little bit of a light year for us with respect to acquisitions. If you go back to 2020 and 2021, we spent almost $150 million each of those years on acquisitions. This past year, we spent – just about $120 million. So you could see that the rollover may not be at or above 3% like, it has been the last couple of years, it might be slightly lower than that. But what I – what we've reiterated in our prepared comments is we are incredibly active with respect to acquisitions. And so we continue to go after and court opportunities across the country across the world. And so we continue to be very active on this front. Stay tuned on this front, because it's an area that Jerry and I are spending a lot of our time.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Yes, Tim, this is Jerry. Since Ken's been here it's one of the hot topics on his radar screen is our SG&A and how can we get better and how can we improve and Ken has challenged us and brought that equation to the table. And as you know we're always looking to get better. And so we're -- and Ken's finding some ways to help us do that. 
Jerry Gahlhoff: So, Tim this is Jerry. So on the -- really on the Orkin side, we are looking to very similar levels to what we did in prior year, where we've actually gotten more aggressive in our other brands than we were at prior year. So if anything on the whole the net result of that is what we expect is better performance out of pricing going forward in 2023.
Jerry Gahlhoff: As you know, Ashish, we don't provide guidance. However, we do -- when we do look at our business I think we all know that this is a very attractive market with attractive growth opportunities. And if you look at the business over the long-term and eliminating some of the fluctuations and volatility that you saw during COVID and recovery from COVID, this market has the opportunity to continue to grow at that mid to high single digits. So we feel confident in our ability to continue to grow our business over the long term at that mid to high single-digit sort of growth rate all the while continuing to be very active on the acquisition front.
Jerry Gahlhoff: The main data point that we look at is we can get information from for example, search engines like Google, where they can report – they report to us the volume of category searches. So for example, the number of people searching for the category or words like pest control. And those were down – I think Julie, I think – I remember the number was in the 15% range is what we heard across the industry. The category search was down around the 15% mark. So that seems – it appears to be across the board. And those are data that we get from companies like Google.
Jerry Gahlhoff: And Ken, while the fleet is – we're seeing some improvement largely driven by fuel. Where we haven't seen any relief is in repairs and maintenance. The cost of replacing just a single tire remains sky high. Basic service on a vehicle is – continues to climb. And we've just got no relief there. That's one element within fleet. But as Ken said, on the M&S side, we've got those margins back in line. Our teams have fought to help us do that in the procurement side. Those have seemed to have come back to normalized levels. So that's good news for us.
Jerry Gahlhoff: And we have great performance driving the sales of our termite baiting programs to customers as well. We very good take rates on that. It's got very high customer retention and we try to make sure we bundle that with all our service offerings.
Jerry Gahlhoff: And in terms of the opportunity to continue to drive cross-sell through the business at this point the upside looks endless. We have plenty of customers, but we still haven't touched to add our mosquito programs too as well as any of our -- any host of our ancillary service offerings. So when we look at the percentage of our customers with multiple services with two or more services, three or more services that percentage is still low enough that we have a long runway to continue to sell through.
Jerry Gahlhoff: That's a good point, John. And we do continue to ramp up our sales staffing, even in our 2023 plans are to continue to ramp up our sales team volume to be able to handle, and be out there talking to our existing customers about adding services to their programs.
