Gary Rollins: Yes. Thank you, Marilynn, and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our third quarter 2015 conference call. Eddie will read our forward-looking statements and disclaimer and then we will begin.
Gary Rollins: James, it’s actually going to be the opposite of that. We actually learned as we went through the rollout during 2015. But as we begin the rollout and then we stop the rollout during the middle of the year and then picked it back up, there were actually additional costs doing it that way. So, we are going to take those learnings into 2016. And the operations’ folks have agreed to let us continue to deploy, which is actually going to reduce the costs that we would have anticipated that we would have had for the rollout for the remainder of the Orkin brand.
Gary Rollins: I don’t really think. I think we’ve gotten better at it but I think it’s always been our priority for us. I mean, every opportunity that we have to put on training session with these folks, we have act in order. In fact, the previous one that we did was on termite tree and we had the APAP there. I think we had some of the CVCP over there. So, we attained their conventions. This is especially Escrow, which is the state regulatory group. We monitor the visits that our region managers make to the local state regulatory people. We want to have a very good relationship. So, I don’t think -- I think as I said, I think we’ve gotten better but I think we’ve always had a priority as far as our relationships with those people.
Gary Rollins: Jamie I can add about the Orion situation. Eddie have a good excuse, I don’t have one. In fact, it was my watch. We didn't have the right architecture. We really had learned from our mistakes. We didn't have the capacity to really handle all of our locations and this was very painful for us. And I think one of the advantage is you know what do they say fail early. I think I read that quote from the new Walmart guy and I think that that’s probably what we’ve taken that approach as far as this other vendor was concerned. We just didn't try to rationalize why it wouldn’t work in or why said one thing or whatever, we just likely better spend their time finding the right partner.
Gary Rollins: Well, I think you’re right. I think the technology and the costs, I mean it’s just like iPhone for instance. Then there was not -- and no one had even considered having a small, handheld phone device if you could log your services and transmit directly into the system. So you’re nice to say this I have a hard time saying it was a blessing, but I think in retrospect, just the capacity that we have in communications now is so much greater and less costly. So definitely they have been good things that have taken place during this period between Orion and BOSS.
Gary Rollins: Well, I think we spent this period identifying an address of the female recruiting efforts and all and that comes to another area. So I think we realized that it wouldn’t going to be the same employment situation and so we really took a proactive step to say this is two areas that we really need to have more of these employees and just like managing sales people, we take numbers every month. We want to know who is moving the needle and who isn’t moving the needle. And so I really think that we identified the opportunities that will keep us from having a fall back as far as our recruitment is concerned.
Gary Rollins: I think that we have some things that have not matured yet for us as far as our HomeSuite and BizSuite proprietary software that we’ve developed for iPads. I think we’ve continued to improve that product. We are looking at our internal sales management software versus going outside and checking kind of the best in the class outside sources. I think that marketing still tells me that they have got a couple rabbits in the hat. I would like to tell you that there is no problem with this. There is a always a challenge, but I think like the recruiting situation and I think we’ve been working on tools that will help us maintain this momentum.
Gary Rollins: Joan, I think one thing is, we just gotten better. As the system has matured, there are enhancements that we convert every month. Our training knowledge is gotten better. I mean, we understand our help desk has gotten better. We have few questions. We have fewer inquiries. But as you would expect, we’ve learned from our mistakes and I think that we’ll have an opportunity that the more mature BOSS branches will be able to contribute to the cost of the second phase of rollout.
Gary Rollins: Yeah. So let’s stick to the Canada and the Australia. You're exactly right with what you said as far as the currency. The other thing that we see there is that in those areas the predominant of our business is commercial and not residential. So we’re seeing more of an impact in those areas that impacted our overall commercial numbers. As far as the United States are concerned, we really don't have anything that’s material that we would talk about in any particular area. We would just really kind of talk about Canada and Australia when it come to those two areas.
Gary Rollins: I’ll go back to what I said as far as the total numbers are concerned. I mean you are right about the quarter and the quarter is definitely slower than what we have been in a few previous quarters. But quarter-to-quarter, year-to-year, the cycles are just different. And when you take a look at it in total, we’re right on pace for our overall growth rate when you look at it in comparison to the previous two years. In Q1, we had an 8% growth rate for termite. If you look at that same quarter in 2014, it was one-tenth of a percent. So it just way different sometimes quarter-to-quarter, year-to-year, based on what the nature decides to go through and have the bugs do what they do.
Gary Rollins: If I can add one thing, we do a lot of benchmarking with our competitors. We've developed good relationships to kind of get industry knowledge. Certainly, we wanted to build up good relationships as far as future acquisition prospects. But termite business overall has just not been strong as it had been historically. And there’s two schools of thought, one says the termite sides are better, the other one says that it’s mother nature. If I had to vote, I’d say it’s mother nature. I think its just one of those cycles. I don’t sense that the termite sides are better than chlordane was with some of the other products. But it is out there and what we have to do is work in the areas that we can control and that’s retention and pricing. In those areas, and just hope that Mother Nature responds. So if we were just asked, I would really be concerned and regrettably its kind of industry wide situation.
Gary Rollins: Well, I’ve not seen this before waste management team in the industry about I don’t know 25 years ago, 30 years ago, and really started overspending for pest control companies. And putting together they are going to try to do a rollup and they had systems that didn't talk to each other. No two companies exactly running their business in the same way. And so we saw that that was a different situation, a different model. They became so discouraged they ended up selling it to service master at that time. I think there's always a situation that an individual that doesn’t follow the industry very well looks at some of these multiples and thinks that their company is worth those same multiples. And I think that that’s certainly not a positive. But we saw Sears come into the business. They hit the wall, waste management did that we tried to stay fairly close to these folks as far as how their acquisition is doing. And frankly, we haven't seen anything that really was remarkable. And I think we’ve got a lot of good opportunities on the wildlife area, very pleased with Critter Control, very pleased with the TruTech. So we are prepared to shift our emphasis if we need to do that and we just have to wait and see what happens.
Gary Rollins: I think another thing is this my experience has shown me is there is quite of bit commotion when this happens. Among the people, I think the employees in these organizations is sidetracked with the changes and so forth and I think that if we do offer opportunities, one as it may give you an opportunity to strengthen some of your pains. But the other thing it does well while they are trying to take their pause and figure out what's going on, they can’t be concentrating as hard on the fundamentals as they had been and they need to be.
Gary Rollins: Okay. I hope that’s a good sign. But as I said the years, this is slipping away and I just want you all to know that we not diluted that we are going to be working hard right up to the finish line to improve our business and improve our growth and continue to be successful. So we look forward to sharing with you how we finished in January. Thank you for your interest.
Eddie Northen: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call excluding historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual risks may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to today's press release and our SEC filings including the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year end December 31, 2014, for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Eddie Northen: Well, Jamie, I can’t speak to the Orion, I can speak to what I have learned from gathering information as we’ve been taking this new project on. And I know that there were functionality that concerns with the Orion. With the latest review that we’ve had, with the latest vendor part of it was cost and part of it was the capabilities that they would have in order to be able to do it, I’d call dynamic routing and not being able to fulfill the need that I think we would want to have for a long term.
Eddie Northen: So we know that there are other vendors and other options that are out there. We just wondered on this call to give you an update because this is one of the things that we've identified that we’re going to tackle and we’re going to be successful as we move forward. But we have had a little bit of a setback, but we’re all in agreement that it’s the right step to take these learnings and to move on as we’re evaluating these other vendors.
Eddie Northen: And maybe Jamie maybe one last thing to close this out is that Orion was a multiyear project and our latest endeavor here has been an assessment for the last couple of months. So I just want to put that in the context as we’ve gone through this assessment process to determine what the next steps can it should be. So we’re not way down the path with this.
Eddie Northen: Joan, this is Eddie. So I don’t know if you had a chance to look, but September a year ago was the strongest September on record for Rollins. So the comp with that obviously caused some headwinds for us for Q3. I don’t know that we have that same issue when we take a look at the Q4 from 2014. And like I mentioned, when you take a look at the leads that you mentioned as well, those are showing significant improvements comparing the same time period to last year. So Gary’s point, it’s never going to be easy or always going to have the headwinds, but I think these are couple of indicators that show kind of moving in the right direction.
Eddie Northen: So for the three questions, so BOSS, our costs are in line with where we had anticipated that we would be for the year. There’s nothing it’s been extraordinary there from that perspective. The routing and scheduling, there really are or no cost that have been a part of that, it’s really all been taking our data, putting it into a system to look and see what the output would be. We've had management time, but nothing else is really kind of outside of that that is concerned. And we’re closer to being able to give some more information as far as the benefits from BOSS. As you may remember, our first branch that went on was right at a year ago in October. So we feel for Q1 that we’ll be able to share what we've seen as far as the benefits are concerned. But we feel good about the overall system to the point of wanting to continue to roll this out sooner next year rather than taken that summertime period off. So we’ll be ready to share some more information with that soon.
Eddie Northen: So during the third quarter, we have roughly between 650,000 to 800,000 gallons. We had a savings of a little less than a dollar, that's being kind of inline with what we've seen. We’re seeing gas prices as we’re seeing across the country continue to take down slightly. So we're still continue to see a little bit of gain, but to your point not the same gain that we would have seen year-over-year when we take a look at all of ‘15.
Eddie Northen: Well, Sean, thanks for your question. I’m sure if it’s a good or bad to have economic down cycles. I would say that when you're earlier on in the process of building a business like we are in Australia, I would say, it would be better for it to happen earlier rather than later. And I say that because the operations have done a tremendous job rightsizing the overall operation support that we have in place there. We kind of inherited with some of the companies that we bought. But as we’ve gone through and we taken a look at where the revenue levels have been, we’ve been able to go through and make some really good decisions that it had help right-size the cost structure there that I believe is going to have us really be lien as we continue to have opportunities to be able to add additional revenues with potential future acquisitions. So we're just working through what we have at this point in time and continuing to make things better as we’re continuing to right-size from a cost perspective.
Eddie Northen: Bed bugs for the quarter were up about $1.9 million, up about 9.3%, little bit slower than what we've seen in the couple of the previous quarters, but the overall still a really strong year.
Eddie Northen: Well, it’s squarely on the mind of our Chief Marketing Officer, Kevin Smith. He has put together plans for what he feels the multifamily unit look like as we move forward in time. At this point in time demand is as you know has not been dampened on the residential side, but we do know that as we move into the future that household formations possibly will look different. And taken a look at that is as total units, is that a total unit and a commercial property or the individual units that are condos or apartments or something else like that, is what we’re going through and we’re working through. We have some of that business right now on both sides. I mean we have apartment buildings and complexes in condo units that are commercial properties for us or commercial business for us. And then we have other individuals that were contacted if for whatever reason their building does not provide the support. So we see that advancing. I think to your question. I think we see that population advancing and our marketing group has that on their radar to be able to make sure that we are adjusting our marketing and adjust our operational effectiveness with that.
Eddie Northen: And Denny, to Gary’s points, we see this overall a termite growing at a slower rate than what we see in the pest control area. And we just go through and look and see what it is that we can do as far as growing, taking market share, and we’ve taken whatever smaller amount of new customers that are out there. So we can do. That’s the reason why I think the growth rate still being in line still point to the fact that even in a slower growing area such as termite, we are still getting a healthy market share.
Eddie Northen: I think you talking about like other things. So when competitor may go and do hand washing so the different thing like that.
Eddie Northen: So, Denny, what all I say to that is that, we are a number one in pest control. We are number one in residential and commercial pest control. We are number two in termite. Those are the areas that we have concentrated on. And while other companies have different models that they feel will -- that they can go through and cross-sell, our philosophy is that we’re going to be a pest control in wild life and we are going to be the best at that which we feel is so absolutely we are. We are not going to dilute what is that we do. We are going to provide the best possible customer service, which is going to enable us to have that the leading retention rates in the industry. And while the other models have their pros and cons, our philosophy is this is the lane that we stay in, we are the best at it and we are just going to continue to find ways to get better.
Eddie Northen: Denny, one of the advantages that we have at Rollins is that we have Gary and his brother Randall that have been in the industry for 40 to 50 plus years.
Eddie Northen: We are going to call it an advantage on this call since the call we’re being recorded. And they seem to cycle, they seem to Gary’s point, they seem companies come into the market potentially overpay and what’s happened in the end. And really what the final measurement is going to be is what are the quality, what’s the quality of the service they provide. Our quality of service is going to be the best in the industry. So the question is somebody else is coming in to try to do that with an acquisition. Can they keep that same quality of service or enhance that quality of service to point of being able to keep there customers. That's really what they will come down to and do it at an affordable price. But with discipline that the Rollins has had throughout the years, the recipe has absolutely worked to be able to add on at the right price and they continued to grow the business.
