Gary Rollins: Yes, Marilyn, thank you, and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our fourth quarter 2019 conference call. Eddie will read our forward-looking statement and disclaimer and then we will begin.
Gary Rollins: Yeah. So, Mario, I will just say that, yeah, I mean, there is no question that within the industry - that several within the industry have paid above historic rates. We did have the largest acquisition in our Company's history, which obviously from a multiple perspective was a little bit higher than what we paid historically, but we have not deviated from the average acquisition that we have.  We have not deviated from our normal history, which has been somewhere between 1.25 times and 1.75 times annual revenue. And it really comes down to the selection of that seller and then making the decision of what it is that they are trying to accomplish. If that seller is just trying to get the largest dollar that they can out there, there are competitors in the market that, as you stated, have paid higher multiples. We have been very diligent with that and I think We have made some great selection. And, John is really more involved in that on a day-to-day basis and I don't know if you have something else - you would like to add to that.
Gary Rollins: Eddie, I would like to add. One advantage I think that we have is that several of our brands are using different software. So, we are really in a position to monitor the successes and the features that exist and, of course, as always, to use the best product. We will be converting BOSS and Western next year. At this point, it is certainly the superior of everything that is out there, but I think it is worthwhile that we can watch carefully when other products are available.
Gary Rollins: And I think it is important to share that this was the most disappointing year We have had for 22 years. So we think that it was an anomaly. I have never seen so many one-time charges in my experience, Eddie.
Gary Rollins: And, but seriously, I mean, We have learned from this past year, I think John hit it on the head. I think we got too ambitious, too soon. You can't make the season and we had some disappointments due to mother nature. But I'm a believer of taking our mistakes and learning from them and benefiting from them. And we had a very powerful leaders conference. Our people are optimistic. And with the technology that we are enlisting, we think we are going to have a good year.
Gary Rollins: Well, thank you all for joining us today. We are very optimistic about our Company's opportunities going forward. And appreciate your interest in our Company. We look forward to updating you on our progress on our first quarter call. Thanks, again.
Eddie Northen: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call, excluding historical facts, are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual risks may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to today's press release and our SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Eddie Northen: We have been testing connected technology for several years now. We have our technology, our IT group as well as our technical support group, are constantly testing all the technology and of course, as I'm sure you can assume, it is changing rapidly. We have test customers that are using different products.  At this point in time, we are not in a position to make any sort of material change to what we are doing today. We feel very prepared that if and when there is an industry shift or change or a customer need, we are ready to be able to respond to that. But I think, at this point in time, we are just continuing doing what we are doing from a service perspective and we would supplement it, as appropriate from there.
Eddie Northen: And, every time - and to add to that, every time we do that, it gives us the ability to be able to link in any connected technology in a more efficient manner, but I think we have some really smart people on our team that are looking at this, both from the technology and the technical support side and I feel very confident where we are at this point.
Eddie Northen: Kevin Smith is our CMO and he has been up against this hurdle, not specifically the one you're talking about with the election, but he has been up against this hurdle with potential for rising costs in this area for the last several years. Digital marketing - we shifted to digital marketing tremendously over the last six years. And as everyone knows, the cost in those areas continue to escalate. But Kevin's budget for advertising has not changed over that time period as far as a percent to revenue. So he and his team have done a tremendous job just figuring out how do we still create the number of leads that we need by the different service lines, using the different opportunities that are out there. Some of that is going to be things like advertising on billboards, some of it is going to be commercial advertising, some of it is going to be through digital, but he uses that total bucket and goes through and figures out a way to be able to create that demand that we need in order to be able to grow our business. And I don't see this 2020 year being any different for the results that you will be able to go through and create.
Eddie Northen: Yeah, we don't break things out by geographic areas, but I will just say, in general, We have not seen any sort of specific area that is been tremendously different. We have - our folks have done a great job growing this product across all of our markets. Within the U.S., We have done a tremendous job using our closing tools that we have, our in-house financing has been a big push and a big piece of that, our sales folks have done a tremendous job. And, we camped out on this for a while with Gary and John talking about the quality of the service. And people talk and when the quality of the service is what it is and we have great outcomes, then we get an opportunity to have word of mouth and we get a chance to continue to cross sell, knowing we had the largest residential set of customers that are out there. We get a chance to cross sell our pest control or our termite into our pest control customers.
Eddie Northen: We don't know of anything right now that would put pressure on it. I mean, it is early in the year to be celebrating. January has been a much better month than it was a year ago. But you know, but you never know what mother nature is going to do as we move forward in time.  You never know what storms might look like. In 2017, we had two back-to-back storms, the two largest storms in our country's history, that negatively impacted things. So there are lot of variables that will come into play, but given everything that we know today, we believe that we are off to a good start and we have no reason to believe that we won't have a really good year from an organic growth perspective. With the growth of our mosquito product now for the third year, as I mentioned during my prepared remarks, we continue to see great opportunity with that particular product as a cross-sell opportunity. We talked about our termite being able to grow as far as a cross-sell opportunity, We have been able to do that. So I think there are lot of very positive things that are going on. Pricing is still very rational and we are able to see price increase. So we feel very good about 2020 from an organic growth perspective.
Eddie Northen: Well, the purchase was closed May 1. So by May 1, we will be lapping at that point in time, but it will be new until then.
Eddie Northen: Appreciate you asking that question. We do not continue to see an issue as we move forward. We believe that this was a little bit of an anomaly from the two items that I pointed out. The industry for the first time in several years, insurance rates increased dramatically. Some commercial groups would have strong double-digits, that they would talk about. Our increase in our casualty in total was about 5%. And I think a piece of that was managing our automotive claims year-over-year. But we feel as though, with the enhancements that we are going to have from a technology perspective, with the vehicles, as well as the continued training that we will see positive results that come from that. When you take a look at our total claims in the automotive side, again those are down. So we know that that will pay dividends as we move forward in time.
Eddie Northen: I don't know that number off the top of my head. I'm sure that we have that in our breakout, but I don't know that number off the top of my head.
Eddie Northen: Well, once Clark lapse, we will have less of a negative comparison from that. So you could really look at it from the pre-Clark levels and say this is going to enhance our overall operations as we are moving forward by the 150 basis points to 250 basis points.
Eddie Northen: Well, that is our number one priority and it is - the fact that we have some debt right now will not keep us out of the market, if the right opportunity comes and the right valuation. But we will keep that as our number one priority to find and acquire good quality pest control companies. If they come about, then we will continue to use our cash to be able to move forward with that. Number two priority, we just announced that we were able to increase our dividend, and then from there we will pay down our debt. So if there are good quality opportunities that come to market and it makes sense to us, we are going to continue to move forward just like we have over the last several years. If that were to slow down some, then we will be a little bit more aggressive paying that debt down. So that is kind of where we stand with that.
John Wilson: Thank you, Gary. As Gary just noted, by the mid-'90s, it was clear the replacement chemicals didn't work as well as Chlordane in the treatment of termites. In the three years prior to 1995, Orkin's termite damage claims averaged around $3 million per year. Over the next couple of years, the claims expense multiplied in dramatic fashion. By 1997 and for several years thereafter, termite damage claims exceeded $20 million a year. Decisions were made by our leadership team to improve process, training, and treatment protocols. These new processes were then developed by our technical services group, led by industry icon Paul Hardy, and many other members of our team. This approach allowed our operations to focus on meeting all obligations to their customers. The Companywide quality assurance program Orkin put into place during that time concentrated solely on termite issues and helped us to get out in front of this accelerating termite issue. We also addressed the Formosan termite at that time, which has made recent headlines, as they were already a growing concern. In other words, our quality assurance team as well as many other actions taken served over time to de-risk our termite service business. As a result of these many actions and activities, we have seen a steady decline in claims and retreatments from year-to-year. It is easy to put your finger on the many things mentioned that we changed. What is not so easy to put a finger on is the cultural change that had to occur with our field teams. It was painful, it was hard and it was costly from both a financial and human capital standpoint, and it also took a long time, but it was worth it in the long run. In more recent years, as we have continued to work on this issue, we have experienced further reductions in termite damage claims.  The average amount of each claim has fallen from the highest seen in the early to middle part of the 2000s. For 2019, Rollins experienced historically low termite claim volumes and termite claims expenses were below 1% of termite revenues for the full-year.  This is the direct result of the many quality control programs leadership initiated. We certainly appreciate your concerns around termite damage claims and we never take anything for granted. We take our responsibility to our termite customer seriously and hope that we have now given you enough information to understand our experience better. So let's turn the page on that topic and talk about something else for a minute. As most of you know, we got off to a slow start last year. We are certainly prepared to do everything we can to not repeat that performance. Pursuant to that, in early January, we concluded a week-long regional manager leadership meeting in Atlanta.  We had over 100 of our leaders in from around the world for this event. This meeting focused on, among several priorities, improving our safety culture and practices, the customer experience, etc. But maybe most important of all, we were focused on lessons learned from a year ago and what not to do to repeat those mistakes. It is said that the best learned lessons are the hardest. And after this last year, I believe that to be true. We came away from this meeting energized, that our teams were ready and up to the challenge, and pretty darn glad to put 2019 behind them. Thank you, and I will now turn the call back over to Eddie.
John Wilson: No, I don't know that I have much, but I would say, 2019 would be really rather hard to top. And I can only think that they will go down from there. I don't know, it is anybody's guess as to how much, but we want to maintain discipline in our approach, and - but then be willing to go a little extra mile when it is a really solid Company.
John Wilson: Yeah, I think the single biggest thing would be to delay our stub staffing for the seasonality of our business to more of a just-in-time approach. That is a tricky tightrope to walk in a tough labor market, but that is what our field operators are really focused on doing this year.
