Gary Rollins: Yes. Thank you, Marilynn, and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our fourth quarter and year end 2016 conference call. Eddie will read our forward-looking statement and disclaimer and then we will begin.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Eddie. Well Eddie, John and I are happy to answer your questions, I'm glad to proceed forward. 
Gary Rollins: We don’t -- weather-wise we had our share of bad weather, so I think as Eddie shared with you these different segments of our businesses grow with different rates, different times. Which complement each other frankly with we don't have all down, all of the two different degrees. We don't see any big obstacle out there that’s going to knock us off those plans.
Gary Rollins: Well we did get a kind of an initiation fee. Depending on the population we have for the bases what that first major payment is, we have minimal requirements as far as the payments going forward. We certainly don't want to give in involved in having to audit the books of 50 different businesses. So we have a percent that we get and then we have a minimum. So we feel like we are kind of protective as for the accounting concerned, there's accounting standards that are different from country to country. We've done very well in China, we have a very good relationship with the head of the Chinese pest control authority, which is a government employee, in fact, she came to a month ago and I think that's been helpful. But we've been working, this is not been a quick thing because we've been working in China for five or six years, it just it they all kind of came to head at the same time, they're like 15 or 20 cities over there with five million plus people and most of them most of us don’t even know their names. We think there's going to be a lot of potential, it won't be much residential business, but commercial wise and China's really growing by leaps and bounds and we think it's going to have very beneficial commercial pest control market.
Gary Rollins: Yes, so that number of 50% Joan moved up closer to 75% of the route been optimized on a daily basis. And again this is just us going through and getting everybody more comfortable with -- with not only the technology itself but with the use of the technology, and have that become part of the daily routine. So as we -- as we're able to continue to do that, we will be able to get more of the, more of the route optimize that front, and in the next step from there is to take the steps that we can to not disrupt those optimized routes, as best as possible. So we're going to continue to see incremental gain that are going to occur. I think quarter by quarter by quarter with that as the branches learn and understand better ways to be able to keep those routes that have been optimized run in the best way to can. 
Gary Rollins: Yes, so that's exactly right. The 360 survey scores really we see that correlating with our customer retention metric, and improving that can be big for our company, no question. 
Gary Rollins: Sean, it's just how do that, we take a look at retention our employee retention rate and how they have friended and we compare that to the overall unemployment rate, we could do better in the overall employment rate, unemployment rate. So I think to John point, we're having work a little harder but once we're finding those employees were able to -- able to retain at least better than the overall unemployment rate has [indiscernible].
Gary Rollins: Thank you for joining us today and we look forward to our new year, and we'll continue to work hard to grow and improve our business. Thanks, again.
Eddie Northen: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call, excluding historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual risks may differ materially from any statements we make today. Please refer to today’s press release and our SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Eddie Northen: We don't -- we don't break that out, we will have technicians that will be in range of 8 to 10 jobs, it will tend on density and role verses urban areas but we are continuing to be better stops per mile from our virtual management system and we're able to see better productivity that's kind of a byproduct out there. So that's what we're -- you know, as we continue to have BOSS become more mature and our last regions went on in August of last year. So as those become more mature, and as virtual management becomes more fully adopted, I think we will see these numbers continue to incrementally get better.
Eddie Northen: And Joan, if I may add; so that the savings there with optimizing is the 20% to 25% reduction in miles driven, the benefit the company will show up with our improved fuel cost and wear and tear on our fleet. The big bang for the buck, we feel is an improved customer service and attention to our customers and what we're really working with our teams in the field now, is to just to improve the amount of service time they spending quality come and spend with that customer. So that's what that's all about.
Eddie Northen: Yes. So Joan, Q3 we saw an expansion of about 90 basis points, we think that we're continuing to see maturity in the BOSS with VRM, we think that's going to be a little bit better which is -- which is helping with the total net margin that we are operating margin which you see. Those are dollars obviously push back in the previous quarters and you look at the full year margin of the 70 pests I think that is really representative of where we are with it. So I think that Q3 and we had a little bit more maturity in BOSS and VRM, and it proves that 90 basis points I think that's probably more representative of where the quarter would be outside of the casualty and the medical.
Eddie Northen: Yes Joan, I think that's a good question. We're still getting down the path of that, we're from this from a strategy perspective, we kind of narrow down about three or four items that we want to continue to spend our time and energy on, and ultimately our dollars on, part of that focus on customer experience. But we've not finalized exactly what that is going to be that time with dollar amount at this point. So we'll keep you informed as we -- as we kind of talk through this as we can figure out next steps, the good news is that we have some good opportunities in a few different areas, and we've got some good folks with great expertise that I think can help us get down these path. So we’ll share more once we get that kind of narrow down. 
Eddie Northen: Yes, it is correct. It would impact the overall tax rate which was lower and ultimately had no impact on the net income, so that’s exactly right.
Joe Box: Hey, good morning everyone. So just from a high level, obviously 2016 was the strongest growth rate that we seem since 2010. I'm curious your thoughts as we get into 2017 X the 1.2% from acquisitions that you had and actually that might just been for the quarter, but X the M&A, I mean do you think that these are sustainable growth levels or should we expect some level of moderation as we finalize our models. 
Joe Box: Okay, and I guess I'm just a follow up on that then. You called out bed bugs is theoretically growing at a lower rate and I guess that's just a small component of your business, but if you look at a lot of the other big drivers for your business, where there be the home team deployments or Mosquito deployment. Are there any kind of big one-time drivers that you might not step up in 2017 anything that we should just be aware of. 
Joe Box: Got it. One quick one for you. Eddie you mentioned increased tech productivity, can you just put some numbers around the average stops for technician or maybe revenue per tech. Just to give us a sense of how much it was up in Q4.
John Wilson: So Joe, I will take that, this is John Wilson. That’s sort of our plan is for them to be sustainable. We don't start any of our years without -- without our plans to get better. We maintain a continuous improvement mindset. So our plan, we think there's sample opportunity out there to continue growing our free service lines of business, they we have.
John Wilson: I don't know of any single one-time driver. Eddie mentioned and Gary did too about our mosquito business our bed bug business. They are both growing faster than our -- than our regular service lines but they are -- they are not that large. So I don't know of any single thing. 
John Wilson: Yes, so Jamie, in most there is outside of the U.S residential pest control is not necessarily -- there not a lot of countries that look at residential pest control something they would pay for, there are some exceptions that the U.K. is an exception, exception of Australia, and there are few others that are out there, Canada is an exception, but most of the other countries it's all do yourself on a residential to a personal perspective. So some of the markets are making some slight changes with that, but for the most part we say commercial, we're talking about food, we're talking about hospitals, other different areas purely commercial perspective. There may be a sprinkling of those buildings that are like that, but for the most part it would be purely commercial residential.
John Wilson: Yes, Sean this is, Joe Wilson. It is difficult but it always has been, I don't think our industry jumps out it whether its college graduates, recent college graduates or people seeking to leave where they are today to go -- to come work in our industry. So what we what we try to do is have a very defined process around the hiring process and our operations and our branches are taught to follow that pretty rigorously and they turn over a lot of rocks to find those good quality people. And I think the final thing I would say is our greatest source of new employees has been our current employees. We get somewhere near 40% or so of our new employees from referrals of our current employees and we have a reward system that in place that pays them for bringing forward those good people but that's our best source. 
John Wilson: I think it's generally the same, we still have to turn over a lot of rocks to find the ones we want, but it is I think is still the same. 
John Wilson: I think I can add one thing to that as far as VRM we're creating a better job for service technicians, there was been a tremendous amount frustration for the technician, getting himself organized, and find out he's in an unfamiliar area and we didn't -- he doesn't live, absolutely he has more capacity because of being better organized, most of our technicians are on a productivity pay plan, so they can make more money and if you have a more satisfied employee, with a better work experience, earning more then you're going to have less turn around. 
