Gary Rollins: Sure. Thank you, Marilynn, and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our fourth quarter and year end 2015 conference call. Eddie will read our forward-looking statements and disclaimer and then we will begin.
Gary Rollins: No, we’re not spending, I mean we haven't upped the spending, I think we’ve upped the sophistication. We’re on the web now rather than using satellites to dish and so of course that’s been a big improvement. And we’ve just got better at it. I think that the quality of the training has improved and the cost of the communication is going down, so you know there is some offsets there but I don’t think that we as a percent of revenue we’ve increased the rate of our spend.
Gary Rollins: First of all the various studies indicate the compensation is like three or four's that is the reason people change jobs or keep their jobs, and I think that really that our training has an important role in our retention, when you invest in a person's career that endears now to the organization. So - and frankly we’re just turning up the efforts I mean, we have made a real strong effort to hire more veterans and more females and we take the figures every month and we’re moving them, I mean we’re doing it. And our referral program we’ve been very successful this past year getting more employee referrals of a friend or a relative or someone to come to workforce. And our experience has been that that’s a better hire typically than someone that doesn’t have any association.
Gary Rollins: Well we are learning more about our business, I mean we have the capability now of better utilizing our data. We have the capability now of experimenting more. We have a wonderful laboratory with our call center because virtually we can change the prices just almost instantaneously and look at our closure to see if our closure is improving or not and seeing if we’re selling more units to the extent that to offset the price reduction. So we're just learning a lot more about our business. I don’t think that we've found a hot button if you will but I think that in and out it was zip-plus 4 we can direct our advertising more precisely and we're getting to do better at hitting our targeted prospects. So I think this is just going to be an ongoing situation of education of us learning more and I think that we have some great opportunities because when you look at moving closure it’s just a real important leverage for us as our sales are concerned.
Gary Rollins: Joan, we learned something as you can imagine when you get half of your branches on the system is it takes the branch some time to kind of integrate their new technology and understand it, which you have the training responsibility but we have expectations at towards reducing the mileage, and any talks about the customer experience which is first and foremost in our mind, but also the technician experience. I mean, it is very frustrating for that technician to have changes and not know the best way to get to an account and so forth. So we really think that it has employee retention benefits because we are creating a better job for our technician.
Gary Rollins: No, I guess you can say there are average branches for six months. So we’ve not mastered what we have and I think Eddie commented before about the 7 modules of training involving routing and scheduling. So you are asking the same question that I’m asking our finance department and I got the same answer that you got.
Gary Rollins: A pretty cheap treat historically has been that you go out there with a termite side and you treat the foundations and the slabs before they're put so forth. And there is not a lot of touch that you have with the customer. They improves the touch, because out there servicing those bait stations and so you've got more contact. I think the customer sees a greater value that other situation was kind of out of site, out of mind. And as Eddie mentioned, there is a lot of - customers are looking for more environmentally positive situation.
Gary Rollins: I think that's a healthy indication. And as Eddie said a one-time service is really not what we want. We want a situation where we routinely inspect the house and that we guarantee against in best station and so forth and that part of the business is growing and that’s the best part of the business.
Gary Rollins: Okay, no more questions. Well, first of all we appreciate your support and interest and we look forward to sharing our first quarter progress in April.
Eddie Northen: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that we made on this call excluding historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual risks may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to today's press release and our SEC filings including the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014, for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Eddie Northen: To take you soccer examples to someone makes the phone call, we have their phone call at the branch location. We have the customer on the line. Now we have the capability of being able to make an updated change based on availability of that technician basically in real time that the technician will be able to see on their iPhone. So it needs to be moved back a couple of hours or whatever would need to be done with that, assuming we have a time availability then we will be able to see that in more of a real time.
Eddie Northen: It’d not have been as real time so it’d have been a request to the branch, and then the branch from there would have taken the message and then the branch from there would have to go followed up with that technician and/or the branch manager, service manager would have to get back with the customer which that time may or may not have worked for the customer. So now in real time we’re able to see you know this is the time it’s available for this technician, we can tell the customer in real time this is the adjustment we can make based on your request and just make that a better customer experience at that point in time rather than having a back and forth or have a delayed response back to them.
Eddie Northen: Yes, Joan this is Eddie. At this point in time we’ve not seen anything that’s bubbled up. I think the growth rate is again for the quarter. We’re very strong, the demand was very strong. Their main area of concentration has been commercial as opposed to residential. But we’ve not had any issues that I’m aware of that have come from our sales group having to do with direct competition, having to do with that. I think the space is big and the demand is big and at this point in time we’re not seeing an issue.
Eddie Northen: Yes Joan, this is Eddie. Retention continues to tick slightly higher each year, it’s nothing dramatic but it just continues to tick slightly higher. And really when you talk about the analytics, that’s really one of the areas that our marketing group has done a fantastic job with using the data to know and understand the revenue bands and breaking down our abilities to first of all win in the revenue bands and then also to be able to retain and then be able to price in all of the different revenue bands. And that’s enabled them to now be able to direct our advertising to be able to make sure that we are moving to the revenue bands where we want to be involved. Revenue bands four and five, the higher revenue bands so the ones that typically we have better pricing with and that we also have longer retention and overall it's a good spend for us at that point in time. So that’s one of the areas where analytics has been very positive for us and our marketing group continues to push us in that direction to be able to have more wins in that area.
Eddie Northen: Yes for 2016 we will see that heightened level and we will see the gross margin based on all the anticipated benefits we’ll have. We'll see the gross margin continue to improve and as we said the 200 to 300 basis points over the two to three years and we know that’s going to be a piece of it from the impact on the cost efficiency side, and then of course we will take a look at any opportunities we have on the revenue side to continue to have a better customer experience, just like the one we just talked about in the earlier example, if we can improve that customer experience that should be a retention opportunity for us so that should enable us to continue to grow our revenue as well.
Eddie Northen: And all of these benefits Joan are going to be what’s going to help us, get to that total number that we’ve talked about. All of these individual pieces that we will be able to see that in a gross margin area.
Eddie Northen: Well, Sean I think every trained branch is going to be one day better at being able to improve their routes. So I think that we were going to see those branches that have, first of all, the BOSS capabilities. Second of all the training from the new VRM, and then the ability to be able to go through an implement, I think we’ll start seeing those small incremental gains as we move through time. We have lots of branches around our entire network that have done a good job in this area for an extended period of time. Entrepreneurial spirits, they figured out a way to make sure that their routes are as good as they can be. We have individual technicians that have taken that on themselves. But this is going to help us formalize and get those out to all of the branches where we have the BOSS capabilities. And we will be able to go through, be able to see some improvements as they get trained and as we go through route by route, we’ll be able to see those incremental improvements. So it’s early to say, you here’s what the X dollars is going to be, or anything else like that. But again, we’re excited this is another area where BOSS is going to be able to be a benefit for us that we will be able to look forward with.
Eddie Northen: Probably there are a few different things. For one, it’s environmentally more better and we get that question all the time. And not that what we use at all is environmentally unfriendly but anytime that you can use the bait rather than having any sort of a liquid would be something that will be preferred. So that’s something that is going to be a benefit to start with. And then when we take a look at it from a cost perspective, we get a chance to be able to use something – basically kind of pay for something as we use it, as we go along. When we have a free treatment, we have to spray, and things like that. We have chemicals that we have to bring in and we have to inventory them, and this gives us an opportunity to be able to have more of a real time cost associated with acquiring a new customer. It’s also a better way for us to have something that’s visible and tangible from a recurring perspective. So we have something that we are actually able to go and be a part of with the customer when we talk about their recurring annual renewal, and it’s grown very well. It’s taken over a very well-known- the HomeTeam group has probably been shifting in this direction over the last several months. And I’ve seen very positive things that have come out of their customers that they have been talking much about it.
Eddie Northen: Well, I'll start with the last. I don't think it signals anything in the market. We spent a lot of time on a very large acquisition that did not come to fruition. And as we regroup from there, we move forward like I mentioned in my prepared remarks we’ve refilled the pipeline. The pipeline is very full right now and we're continuing to move forward, but we had anticipation and hopes of moving forward with a large acquisition that didn't happen. And 2016 is a new year and we're ready to continue and marching down the path that we've very successfully been able to do for the last 10 plus years.
Eddie Northen: So we can start with wildlife. We will start with wildlife and we just said in our prepared remarks that it's growing well. We're very excited on how the Critter Control acquisition is performing for us. Its performing slightly better than what we would have anticipated which is a good thing. TruTech, wildlife continues to grow very well. So I think the combination of the two is going to be a very positive thing for Rollins Wildlife as we move forward in time. As far as bed bugs, we didn't go through any specifics rolling on this. For the year, for bed bugs came in at $72.3 million for bed bugs. And that was a 13.3% increase year-over-year. The much higher base is of course always a challenge when it comes to growth rate. And you know we've been tracking this back – you're very familiar with the story. We've been tracking this back to 2010. We were virtually nothing. We continue to grow this very well and again set basically an all-time record for the dollar amount of bed bugs that we have. The residential piece has continued to grow really well and what we're really trying to concentrate on here is to be able to do everything that we can to make this a recurring service. Any time that we have to go out and we have a one-time type of a job. It's much more difficult for us to ensure that we're pricing it correctly and we've recognized that. So even that we have great revenue growth in previous years, in some cases the cost associated with that good revenue growth has not always been in line. And we're continuing to get better with that. We're continuing to understand what the costs are and really want to move, continue to move in the direction of recurring types the revenue with the bed bug product. So when we have situations, we're just one off type of a deal. We have not been as aggressive to be able to go and win that business, because of the cost that we had associated with that. And then the last piece evidence is probably in 2010 there were very few players that were in the market. And overtime as media has continue to discuss this more and more players have come into the market and competition for some of these jobs has continue to increase. So we're very excited about the continued growth of bed bugs that has slowed somewhat, but an all-time high for us this past year.
Eddie Northen: And I do want to say one more thing Gary is that, many of you are interactive at [indiscernible] throughout the years, and Friday will be her last day. So any of those of you that have interacted with her, she has been your lifeline to this office for the last 17 plus years. May I want to reach out to her and wish her well. She has been a critical part to this call and obviously to this office for many years. So just want to pass that along. Thanks so much.
James Clement: And Gary if I could ask you one, you emphasized in your prepared remarks employee retention and you certainly highlighted training. I remember I counted the years a little bit long but I think it’s about 5-7 years ago, somewhere in that stretch you all bid a fairly significant dollar investment in upgrading your training procedures as well as I think your training facilities if I remember correctly. Have you been spending above normal with some of these training initiatives or is this to use your word just always work in progress around.
James Clement: Yes, because Gary I noticed certainly last earning season and in this relatively early stage, this earning season seems a lot of services companies are in fact talking about the difficulty in attracting and retaining service desk for companies that are relatively similar industries. I mean it seems like you’re bucking the trap.
James Clement: Well I’m talking about recruiting and retention because you know I think the good thing about the unemployment rate coming down is that folks may have more options, it seems like your retention is actually improving whereas I think a lot other services companies unfortunately going the other direction, although maybe good thing for America so who knows.
Joan Tong: And then if I have to look at the demographics of your customers, has there been any changes like maybe you are moving up a little bit in terms of like demographics and because those are life style customers they tend to be sticking around a little bit longer and not just like stick around for a year and then when the problems go away and then they're just kind of disappear. So how should I think about your retention? Obviously you can talk about regeneration that would be helpful.
Joan Tong: Hi, just have a couple of follow up. I’m not sure if you can disclose that how we can actually be able to get down to the branch level. You talked about the BOSS system has been implemented for some branches for more than six months and I’m just wondering what has been the margin improvements for those branches.
Joan Tong: Right. But over the long term to next couple of years, you are still targeting 200, 300 kind of basis points of margin expansion when everything said and done. So I’m just wondering is it going to be more like a 2017 event we would see like a more pronounced benefit or we can actually see some of those like coming in the second half of 2016.
A – Eddie Northen: Yes, Joan we’re not a point to be able to discuss that I’m not sure that will ever talk at about at a branch level. We’ll give you come color more on a macro level and again like I said in prepared remarks in our prior Q1 call, I will be more prepared to talk about more specifics having to do with that.
A – Eddie Northen: I think we’ll see some benefits that will come in. I think we’ll see benefits that will come in at 2016. And then getting this to matured state is really, the key to being able to see those benefits. This again is one of the many things that we’ve had that have created that margin expansion that you have seen over the last 12 to 14 years, this is just another one of those items that are in the line and I think we’ll see some benefit from that towards the end of 2016 and by 2017, we should be relatively mature and be in the good spot to be able to enjoy the benefits of it.
A – Eddie Northen: So we are typically about month of somewhere between 650 and 800,000 gallons that we are – the lower end of that, just based on the time of the season that it is, that’s per month and we saved, roughly a dollar a gallon year-over-year on that.
