Gary Rollins: Yes. Thank you, Marilynn and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our third quarter 2014 conference call. Harry will read our forward-looking statement and the disclaimer and then we’ll begin.
Gary Rollins: Well, of course we’re using our data in other areas or all areas. But you hit it on the head as far as the cost related to installs versus the benefit to get me really turn the system on. It’s almost like the razors and razorblade phenomena that you’ve got to put the system in in order to benefit from it, but once you got it installed, we have a customer that has better retention that conventional pest control because the home owner has made an investment, in their mind as far the system, it’s something that they own. And it’s just a lot more sticky in this residential pest control account than there is the conventional account.
Gary Rollins: Excellent management. But I don’t have any data to – well, I can say I don’t have any data to support it or suggest otherwise. We know whether it was good in September or was good last year in September, was it better, did that drive it some, we really think some of this as I suggested was people earlier of the year who delayed making decision and gave up waiting. You know I sense just in benchmarking and attending the national industry events as this has somewhat lacked luster. On termite season, they didn’t have swarm. Typically, that’s enjoyed in most areas. I think we’re getting a benefit from our HomeSuite application. We’re in a better position to communicate to the home owner to the kind of work that we do and why do we do we do it and specifically how that relates to their home. So I’d like to get the benefit of anything that’s new, it just takes it a while to get it into your culture and into your routine. So I believe that’s been very helpful for us. And the industry, I mean the season just really felt crazily, I mean as far as the end of the quarter is concerned. But that was more so in pest control than it was in termite.
Gary Rollins: Yes. I don’t have it handy. But the fact that I don’t recall it says it probably was in line with prior – with what they’ve done all year. Yes, I’m trying to find it here quickly. Yes, it was in line with prior quarters in terms of their improved contribution to the company.
Gary Rollins: Thank you. Well, it’s been an exciting year for the company with again with a lot of enthusiasm and energy. And I think that’s just built through the year as the year progressed. And we really started to see a return on the investments that we had from a technology point of view which was very encouraging. And we really look forward to frankly to the New Year. I know this one’s not over yet, but we’re really very much involved in the plans for 2015. And I look forward as does Harry in speaking with you next time. So thanks for your attendance.
Harry Cynkus: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call, excluding historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual risks may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to today’s press release and our SEC filings, indicating the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year-ended December 31, 2013 for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Harry Cynkus: No, I would expect it to decline back to more historical trends in the $17 million to $20 million range for the year. Like I said, we did a very robust rollout to improve the branch operating computers which normally we do staggered over a number years. But the capacity and strength of what we needed in the branches with the rollout coming just required a unusual deceleration of that. So no, there’s no big CapEx surprises next year.
Harry Cynkus: And it also provides a – it’s kind of interesting, I think it’s even than the razor and razorblades because five years from now the 83,000, 84,000 plus homes that we installed systems in this year, many of those homes we also did pre-treat termite work. And that pre-treat termite work comes with a five year warranty, guarantee. So five years from now, we know the homeowner, we know what the exact date that their warranty expires, we’ve been servicing probably 70% of these homes doing their pest control. So who better than to renew their termite work with than HomeTeam? So it’s an interesting phenomena that when housing turns down, you have this five year backlog of customers that will need termite work. So if you look at this past recession, during the housing downturn 2008 through 2011, we were going back to customers so we installed or did pre-treat termite work 2002 to 2006 selling room [ph] termite work. And the HomeTeam grooved through the recession because of the backlog of termite customers needing additional work.
