Gary Rollins: Yes. Thank you, Joe, and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our first quarter 2021 conference call. Julie will read our forward-looking statement and disclaimer, and then we'll begin.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Julie. I'd like to start by taking a moment on behalf of our Board, our entire team and myself to recognize Henry Tippie for everything he's done for our organization over the last 68 years. As many of you are aware, Mr. Tippie recently retired from our Board, leaving behind an incredible legacy of leadership and service to Rollins, its employees and customers. Henry's financial knowledge and guidance helped shape Rollins to become the world's best and largest pest control company. During his distinguished career, not only was Henry our longest-serving CFO through a period for over 17 years, he was the architect of Rollins' purchase of Orkin in 1964. Incidentally, this is considered to be the country's first-ever leveraged buyout and was studied for years at the Harvard Business School. Henry, along with Randall Rollins, our Chairman at the time, were the only 2 Rollins Directors present during our initial stock exchange listing in 1968, and again, on our 50th year New York Stock Exchange anniversary. Additionally, in recognition of his broader impact to the business world, the New York Stock Exchange inducted Henry in 2018 into their exclusive wall of leaders. Randall Rollins was inducted as well. Rollins would not be the company it is today without Henry's numerous contributions. On behalf of the entire Rollins family of employees, thank you, Henry. We will continue to honor your legacy and the example of hard work and dedication that you provided. I'd also like to acknowledge Lee Crump's recent retirement from Rollins as Chief Information Officer. Throughout his 12-year career with Rollins, Lee helped guide the company through several important technology advancements, while building a fantastic IT team. He selected and developed a team to not only improve the company's performance presently, but will prevail well into our future. We wish Lee all the best in his retirement. He's earned it. In the end, it all comes down to the many positive contributions of our employees continue to make every day. They have risen again to the occasion, going above and beyond what they've ever accomplished before. We're grateful for their extraordinary dedication and adaptability during the past year. They truly are our most valuable asset. While we faced many challenges over the past year, we continue to successfully improve our operations, and we are greatly encouraged by our first quarter performance. I think we are benefiting from our technology investments and overall business momentum and are looking forward to another successful year. Let me now turn the call over to John.
Gary Rollins: One thing I'd add to that, Eddie, there's technology improvements when we buy another company because typically, they don't have the best phone systems. They're not paying the best rates for communications. And there are some products available within the industry that, in some cases, are upgrades from what they currently have. So although BOSS is certainly important is going to be critical to our future. We are able to help these newly acquired companies with something short of BOSS. And of course, that will be on their plate in the future. Does that help...
Gary Rollins: And the other piece of the staffing situation is retention. And we have created in Orkin and in Western and in Canada, we've created a better job. It was very frustrating for that pest control tech to have that cancellation that Eddie just described and really not beginning to unravel the day's route. And now we have the tools that we can move a customer to that slot - a new customer to that slot typically, and he doesn't have or she doesn't have that frustration that how am I going to get through? How am I going to get it done? This has created a mess that ratchets all the way down through the day, et cetera. So it's going to be interesting to see what this does to retention. It has to make a better job for the pest control technician in those areas that have BOSS.
Gary Rollins: Okay. Well, thank you for joining us today. We're optimistic about Rollins' opportunities ahead and appreciate your interest in our company. We look forward to updating you next quarter on our progress. Thanks again.
Eddie Northen: Yes. So Tim, this is Eddie. So we're seeing continued good demand. I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we did have overall good weather in the first quarter. Don't know what that will look like as we move throughout the remainder of the year. But I think one of the things that we're seeing, and I think we're all living this in real time is we're seeing more of this hybrid work environment. So it's not only people necessarily working from home. They're not only working from the office, but we're seeing more of this hybrid environment, which we believe is still going to have some eyes that's going to create that demand that we've seen as we move through 2020. You see the numbers here. Our lead generation as we go into Q2 is still very strong for us, and that's starting to lap some of those numbers that you already talked about. So I don't know that any of us know exactly what this will look like as the entire year plays out. But I think there are things that are positive for us to be able to continue to see demand as we're moving forward.
Eddie Northen: Yes. I'll answer and then let Jerry follow up from there. So yes, Orkin, we're a little bit further down the path as far as getting things moving more towards maturity. We've added Western to that queue. They're moving down the path of maturity. We'll take a pause at this point in time, make sure that we work through and then we get the benefits from those 2 units or those 2 brands before we were to make a decision or anything else. And we would let you know ahead of time that there was going to be anything significant to change our CapEx as a percent of revenue or anything else like that. But we - I always say, from a modeling standpoint, within the historic range of what we've seen over the last few years, is what our plans are right now. And if we make a decision to change that, we'll let you know what we know about that moving forward.
Eddie Northen: This is - yes, thanks for that question. So we didn't mean to add confusion here. This is the same way that we've measured it every quarter, probably for the last 15 years. We were just trying to give a little bit of clarity around that part. If we were to - or when we acquire a small tuck-in acquisition of, let's just say, 5 technicians, we acquired them on a Thursday. On a Monday, they have new uniforms, they're in new vehicles, and they're embedded into that Orkin branch. And we really don't have a way for that very small piece to be able to kind of parse that out. So this is - again, this is the same way that we've looked at it every quarter, again, at least for the last 15 years. So we really don't look at it because it's such an insignificant number from that perspective.
Eddie Northen: Yes. So again, we didn't mean to add confusion to this by wording that we have here. But again, this is the same way we've looked at it throughout time. And nothing else would be a part of it that would be material significant at all.
Eddie Northen: Well, when we had demand levels that we've seen this quarter and even if you go back to last quarter that are significantly higher than what we would see on average and any times, it would always be a challenge to ensure that we're finding a hiring and retaining the right employees. The good news for us, and I'll kind of move to specifically your question, the good news for us is as our technology continues to mature on the routing and scheduling part, it enables us to automatically be more efficient. So during my prepared remarks, I talked about, let's just say, a technician that maybe went out with 9 stops in a day and then at 10:00 in the morning, someone called and said, well, they're not going to be available and not be home at 2:00. In our old world, that 2:00 slot basically would have gone empty and the technician would not have had anything to do. In this new world, the branch can see that in real time, our call center can see that in real time. So now when we have a new customer, we can slot a new customer into that time slot. So it's enabling us to continue to be more efficient with that, which is helping with that demand, with the new customer and also being able to move that existing customer as well. So with all that being said, with these demand levels, we are absolutely having issues to be able to go through and make sure that we're finding it and hiring the folks that we need to be able to keep the business moving forward. And HR group and the operations groups are doing a tremendous job with that. But it is a battle with the other companies that are out there that are offering some of the things that you've talked about.
Eddie Northen: But again, this is nothing that's new - I mean, it might be a little bit more heightened at this moment right here, but this is nothing new for us in the service industry. We've gone - just in my time period that I've been here in 6 years, this is something that we're constantly focused on. John set the tone as far as the importance of that. Jerry set the tone as far as the importance of that over time. And we've been able to be successful with that, and we'll find ways to continue to be successful with it as we're moving forward as well.
Eddie Northen: Michael, I think it's a very intuitive question to ask. And trust me, as we've gone through this time of these higher demand levels, we've continued to really drill down into that to get a better understanding. I talked again in my prepared remarks, we did have good weather that we're up against that created. But I think the essential worker status and the seriousness that we took with that, especially as the pandemic started, to me, I think, is one of the things that separated us, for sure, in the service industry, and I would say, separated us within our pest control industry as well. So we already had a very professional technician. As we've talked about previously, we invested in PPE very early on. And when you combine that together with that trusted person that you already have, we believe that, that separated us potentially from others that are out there. We've all had people in different service industries that maybe showed up to do some sort of work that looked disheveled, didn't look professional. And they could have been the best person to be able to do that job that you would hope. But the impression didn't come across positively. And we believe that our technicians across the board in all of our brands come across professionally. And we believe that essential worker status really translated into a trusted brand. And as people have felt more comfortable opening their homes over this last, I'll say, 3, 4, 5 months, we believe that's translated more into a trusted brand, a trusted name, I'm open to them coming into my home and it's really been a reflection of this demand that we've seen that we've been able to go through and grow our business with. So we think that those are a few things. When you couple that with these continued enhancements in the routing and scheduling and how our communication with our customers continues to improve, we believe those are things that continue to separate us from the competition that's out there and enabling us to win on high demand and to retain it at a high rate.
Eddie Northen: Michael, I have to get those numbers from you. I'm sure we'll get a chance to talk to you probably later today or tomorrow. Let us talk to our marketing group and let's see what we can do to help out with the difference between those 2.
