Gary Rollins: Yes, thank you, Marilyn, and good morning. We appreciate of all you joining us for our Third Quarter 2013 Conference Call. Harry will read our forward-looking statement and disclaimer and then we’ll begin.
Gary Rollins: Thank you Harry. Harry and I will be happy to answer any questions that you might have at this time.
Gary Rollins: That’s certainly hard to quantify. We had – as we’ve talked in some prior quarters, we may have made some changes in our sales team, brought on a – promoted a very aggressive and a great sales manager, the Vice President of Sales, you know, as we reinvigorated the national account sales team, they’ve gone back, we have a lot of natural agreements. We’re the preferred provider or have the hunting license. But then you have to go knock down the doors and solve the individual location which they did, they had a number of sales – and I think it resulted as I mentioned, the national account sales were up 39% this quarter. So we have been seeing momentum shift in our commercial business now and it’s been turned up for a couple of quarters. So we’re happy with the direction.
Gary Rollins: I think one additional advantage that we have this year and we’ll have more so going forward was our Biz Suite app with iPad. We have the ability to really have a more professional presentation to these commercial prospects. We can show them pictures of the inspection. It’s not often that a – owner or a manager will go around in a company, or sales person when they make their inspection. But the old deal of a picture is worth a 1,000 words applies here because if you can show the prospects that he’s got two-inch gap under his back door, that the other current provider is not doing the job by showing him pest activity, there’s just a lot of benefits to really share with the prospect what you found in your inspection. And we think that that’s going to continue to help us as far as our commercial sales are concerned. And we’re not aware of anybody that has a tool like this and not to say that they want at some point, a good idea is never held secret for long. But we think that that’s making a good contribution.
Gary Rollins: I think one of the biggest thing that we’ve got going for us this year that we haven’t had in the past is that our training now is on the Web. So, we really are doing a better job preparing these franchisers to deliver good service and really benefit from the training that we’ve developed over the years.Joe Box – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Understood. Thank you.
Gary Rollins: Well, I think he’s trying to – you know, how much leverage do we have and what kind of margin opportunity – the fourth quarter is always the most difficult quarter for us to really project. The business, there’s – well, the commercial business isn’t very – doesn’t have much seasonality to it. Certainly, termite and residential does. And so, we typically have a strong October. The trends going into October have been very positive. We continue to see good lead growth. But then the question is what happens once it get cold, how much does the business drop off in November and December, how good a job do we do in managing our labor cost? We accrue up our various expenditures at the end of the year. So, it’s tough to sit here and really have much visibility into the quarter. The good news about this business is that recurring revenue is – the nice growth in customers that we’ve had will continue – to this question is to, what kind of retention you’ll see in fourth quarter this year versus prior years. But, you know, the leverage going forward, we believe, we can continue to certainly grow the topline to mid-single digits and we haven’t given up from our goals of 10% increase in profits going on out. It gets harder every year and some years we do a little better and some years we trail a little. But like I said, we – I don’t think we see any change in our prospects for this business.
Harry Cynkus: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made in this call, excluding historical facts, are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual risks may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to today’s press release and our SEC filings, including the Risk Factor section of our Form 10-K for the year-ended December 31st, 2012 for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Harry Cynkus: Thank you, Joe.Joe Box – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Actually, I just got off a call for another environmental services company and they’re referenced seeing more service increases versus decrease just for commercial customers now than they’ve seen in the last five years. I think that’s somewhat curious given the 5.4% increase in your commercial business. I guess what I’m trying to understand is how much of that improvement that you saw in commercial, stems from a pick-up in the market versus maybe successful marketing on your part and just getting a bigger chunk of the pie.
Harry Cynkus: From the pricing, and I don’t have a broken out commercial versus residential. But just under 2% of our revenue increase came from the pricing initiatives. In terms of retention on the commercial side of the business, we saw a small uptick in – or downtick. The retention fell a little in the quarter. And when I said a little, I think our retention dollar, lost dollars from customers third quarter this year versus last year was $100,000, $125,000 difference. And year-to-date our retention is running well ahead of last year when it comes to our commercial customers. So if you give good service and give exceptional service, the customers are accepting.
Harry Cynkus: Well, like I said, our Board, I think was a little disappointed with the amount of shares that we bought back year-to-date. We haven’t quite covered the dilution from the, at a minimum, we’d like to always cover the dilution. So we’re couple of 100,000 shares behind covering that. And like I mentioned in my comment, the Board very much believes that returning our profits and cash to shareholders and whether it would be in dividends or stock buyback. And since we kind of hit the numbers that we had hoped down the stock buyback, they thought that it wouldn’t be a bad idea to add a little special dividend this quarter. It’s not something that we want people to build in an expectation for. But again, I have $116 million in – no cash in my prospects – no debt, I said cash. But my prospects are continuing to generate a lot of cash, looked very favorable.Joe Box – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Right. So it’s basically just a true-up in the quarter. It wasn’t necessarily a change in philosophy where we can think that, there will be a large special dividends –
Harry Cynkus: We’ve see it in selected cases. But it usually comes down to competing on service. So we always have some competitive pressures. Everyone is typically, I shouldn’t say everyone, but there’s only a few players with a national footprint. So you got to see them in most of the accounts that we do business with. And again, we believe that we compete based on our service.
Harry Cynkus: Well, this year’s price increase was the most successful and the largest, I think in our history. It typically is we’re on, 1 in a quarter to 1.75. So I don’t know if we can count on 2% necessarily going forward every year. I certainly would love to. But one of the things that is coming out of the commercial pricing project is to do a better job on pricing account to be more profitable up front which would limit your need to raise prices as much, going forward. Because the commercial pricing project have three pieces, one, to increase pricing, but we need to also develop a – application for our commercial account managers to price correctly, more correctly, more profitably on the front-end. And then third, a model for us to determine and measure profitability by customer. So this year, we were able to take a first look at profitability across all of our commercial accounts. And the least profitable got substantially higher price increases than the more profitable account. So, I guess if we do a much better job pricing upfront, we’ll have less unprofitable accounts to significantly raise prices up. But again, this business is all about recapturing your labor. And the more successful you are in estimating what the true labor cost, labor time is going to be upfront, the better your pricing will be.
Harry Cynkus: Good question. And give me an opportunity, I need – Gary got a little forward of himself in his comments. He said HomeTeam had better than 7,000 installs for three quarters. It was two quarters, but in six months. But I don’t know if he was looking forward in the next –
Harry Cynkus: You’re planning on the next quarter. We haven’t – HomeTeam and their markets haven’t seen that downturn. And in fact, if October continues as – yes, we’re – I guess we only got a week left here in the month. It could be the biggest month of the year. Traditionally, home builders, installations turn – new sticks coming out of the ground turns – they cut the pipeline typically in the fourth quarter, and historically, HomeTeam saw a drop-off in installations in the fourth quarter. Last year was – we were spanking [ph] with an anomaly. They had been running around 5,000 installs a month for the previous five, six months going into October. And then October last year, it hit 6,700 which was the biggest month of the year. And then it dropped back to 5,400 and then below 5,000 in December. So this year, like I said, they’re headed for the biggest month. They could cross 8,000 installs in October. And then the question is how much the builders pull back. But like I said, we’re not seeing softening in HomeTeam’s markets and we see them all as future new customers. So we’re excited about the opportunity, but it does hurt our margins short-term.Sean Kim – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you. Thank you, both, and congratulations on the strong results.
Harry Cynkus: Certainly. We have one agreement that’s been signed that we haven’t quite announced yet that we announced here in the next – another island in the Caribbean. We have another franchisee who’s close to taking another country. Tom Luczynski has just returned from Singapore two weeks ago at an international franchise show. And there was high interest expressed there and a number of good leads in five, six very strong perspective future franchisers. So, the interest is definitely strong and I would say accelerating. But again, the thing to keep in mind, most of these – all of these international franchisers, for the most part is the inaugural startups. So, we get a – see [ph] upfront. But it takes some time for them to build the business and for it to contribute substantially to the bottom line.
Harry Cynkus: I think one other way to look at this is that we can improve upon the same quarter last year. But one thing I’ve learned is you can’t extend the season. I mean, you can’t take advertising dollars and turn the fourth quarter into the third quarter. And so there’s a law of diminishing returns that when whether your owner [ph] starts to get cold, the pests are not as active as they were previously and you can throw a lot of advertising dollars at it, but you can’t change the seasonality of the business.Sean Kim – RBC Capital Markets: Okay, thanks.
Harry Cynkus: Okay. Well, this has been an exciting year for the company. We began the year with a great deal of enthusiasm and energy. And that’s only continued to increase throughout the year. We’ve got great teams in all areas of our business who never lose sight that our goal is always to get better, and do better. Thank you all for joining us today. And we look forward to speaking with you in the New Year. Thanks again.
