Gary Rollins: Yes. Thank you Marilyn and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our first quarter 2012 conference call. Harry will read our forward-looking statements and disclaimer and then we will begin. 
Gary Rollins: That’s exactly; there is really kind of a long tale on the process. You really need we are early on in installing the tube's in the wall. So we have to wait for the house to as to completed and then we have to wait until it's sold so we can contact the new owner. So that might be an 18 month period, now the good news is that we get a very high penetration I mean it's in the high 70s and then we also have the opportunity to market as the homes get older, our termite service and that’s one of the things it's really kept home team moving forward during this construction as they were able to go back on the older homes some of the original homes and cross sell the termite service. So it's one of those things, it's like planting the garden, you really got to put the tubes in and you are not going to benefit immediately but long-term it's been a very successful model. 
Gary Rollins: I think you have to give some credit I mean that to me that would probably be the smallest element but working at record retention this quarter and I mean think retention improved over 8% which I certainly you can say some of that would be the economic outlook but we really give a lot of credit to our survey program that I have shared in the past. I mean we really have a way to communicate to our branches how they are doing service wise and there's a lot to peer pressure among the branches to not to be on the bottom and try to be on the top but there had to be some effect whether as we mention to me it would be the biggest change and I thought about that I don't remember the definition I thought about that I remember definition, I saw about luck one time, they said luck is where preparation meets opportunity. And I think one of the terrific things is that our people did a great job executing on this nice lead increase. Just because you get a bunch of leads doesn’t necessarily mean that you get a bunch of new customers. So we really took advantage of all the situation where we had great lead increases and I don't know exactly how do you give the appropriate consideration to the investments we've made in the internet, I mean people choose us over others so it's kind of really hard to read the moving parts that I am really proud of our people taking advantage of the nice improvement that we had in the leads. 
Gary Rollins: I thing I could add to Harry’s comment, the termite swarms typically it stretches over 2.5 to 3 months depending on the area of the country so everybody didn't have a termite swarm and that’s weather-related and just the reproductive nature of the pest. So we don't think that the termite season is over by any stretch of imagination, we will just see. We try to look at this in every possible way you can look at it. 
Gary Rollins: I think one of the things what is -- necessity is the mother of invention. I mean when we just had bunch of customers that we added and certainly we didn’t staff up and it wouldn’t have been practical to even tried that so we just got a lot and our people just did a lot more we have longer hours but in those longer hours we had a great conversion as far as our labor to the revenue. So they just did a stellar job as far as getting these customers absorbed into the operation. 
Gary Rollins: Well again thank you for joining us today and we look forward to the balance of the year and we will continue to work hard to grow and improve our business and we look forward to sharing our performance with you this next quarter. Thanks again. 
Harry Cynkus: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been on this call excluding historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to today’s press release and our SEC filings, including the risk factor section on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ. 
Harry Cynkus: That answer is two part, I think when you look at termites, the conditions -- we saw the best swarm we have seen in years, the warm weather early without a cold staff coming in freezing kept the mosquito, kept the termite active. So we certainly -- I don’t if we pull forward because we are still seeing good termite demand in April but good piece of that revenue is one-time revenue. The other half comes for the next 10 years as they make the renewal payments on that but we haven’t seen 10% quarter in years on termite. So some of that is I don’t know if it's pulled forward or pulled up but certainly one time occurrences in piece of that business. But when it comes to the residential and the commercial business this isn’t cash for clunkers where you pull forward a onetime sale and you got to wait for few years. The beauty of our model, 80% of our revenue is recurring revenue those customers sign a year service agreement so rather than starting the business in June the demand came there is demand that built early and we are still going to see a lot of demand when we get into the season. So I think our secret is the recurring revenue, we need to, we have enjoyed it early, building early in the year. We added twice the number of customers in the first quarter than we did a year ago but we are going to enjoy and service take care of those customers for years to come. 
Harry Cynkus: And I don't have that right in front of me; the biggest contributor though was improved productivity. Total fuel which impacted CSPM, has been a fuel cost up one $1.2 million in the quarter; the productivity by far was the largest contributor. 
Harry Cynkus: Pricing has been a small contributor, in most areas of the country, we saw good pricing when I say little better we are talking percent or two different than what the average prices rolled up. We will take our pricing action in typically for most of the brands residential price increase will go into effect June 1st, our commercial pricing action ago in July 1. We have tested this one, we are analyzing the results but we don’t see we are not expecting anything significantly different than what we've seen in the last several years, still very good pricing environment. 
Harry Cynkus: Well we don’t give a lot of forward guidance, the tricky part of this business is always matching. We are starting to and have to gear up for the season. So we are adding people, and hope you're adding them in the right places at the right time. Our long term goal is to continue to increase our operating profits 10% a year we have been fortunate this quarter we did a little better than that. We have certainly -- one of the pressures we are looking at what gas costs, we are hoping it continues to moderate and that’s something we will have to overcome. But we think we certainly can continue to improve margins through the year between our pricing action, the benefit of increased customer counts and density and overcome gas cost increases and retention certainly contributes, retention most profitable customer you have is one that’s already on your books. 
Harry Cynkus: Again I don’t have that particular number handy; Orkin has traditionally been in the residential in the 74% to 76% retention we were at. At the high -- close to the high end that we might have done the best we have ever seen that in Orkin, Home Team had improved retention, Western had improved retention. But typically first quarter is not a big retention quarter, you still fortunately I think early season keeps that pest pressure and people like to enjoy their pest free homes and environment. So we still think we are in the early innings on improving retention I think we have certainly we talked about it last quarter. The cover of the annual report talks about, it addresses customer service satisfaction and we have put in the programs the serve and we are building into the culture and people are embracing it but I think we have a lot of opportunities to improve on your retention and we are really at the early innings of progress. 
Harry Cynkus: I think that leads dropped off on in Western Pennsylvania this week. But we first -- 20 plus days into the quarter, we still see lead growth that hasn’t been as dramatic as the first quarter. I think we have seen some cooling off in the weather and we usually see variability between April and May. It's like I don’t think we have ever had an outstanding both April and May months usually one gets a little cooler, one gets a little warmer. One of the things the lead number start getting bigger. So we won't see the same kind of increases if we saw the first percentage increases. I mean the wheel gets bigger to roll, but early on we are still seeing positive lead improvement. 
Harry Cynkus: I don’t think we will, I don’t think we will see other 10% termite. Residential, the 8, we will have to wait and see Gary says no, I say possible. 
