Gary Rollins: Yes, Marilyn. Thank you and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our second quarter 2019 conference call. Eddie will read our forward-looking statement and disclaimer and then we’ll begin.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Eddie. As you would expect, we’ve disappointed with our performance for the quarter. We, like most other pest control companies, have both strong and weaker growth periods with some seasonal timing uncertainty. Unfortunately, our situation is not like retail where everyone knows when Christmas comes. Historically, we had handled these weaker periods by adjusting our cost or headcount after the season to the more appropriate level. This year was unique because of the fact that the season was very late. Thankfully, July looks strong. So we have a make-up opportunity. For the second quarter, revenues rose 9.1% to $524.2 million, compared to revenues of $480.5 million in the second quarter of last year. Net income declined 3.3% to $63.4 million or $0.20 per diluted share, compared to $65 million or $0.20 per diluted share for the same period last year. When adjusted for the one-time Clark acquisition expense and the foreign currency exchange, it would be $0.21 per share. Eddie will provide greater detail on this and other financial results in a few minutes. Revenues for the first six months rose 7.2% to $953.2 million, compared to $889.2 million for the same period last year. Net income decreased 5.6% to approximately $107.7 million or $0.33 per diluted share, compared to $114.1 million with earnings per diluted share of $0.35 for the first six months of last year. We have a number of initiatives that will enhance Rollins’ future growth and margin improvement. I’d like to talk more specifically about these business improvements and how they will impact Rollins. As we approach becoming a multi-billion dollar company, the time is right to make strategic investments that will prepare us for the future. Some of these business investments and innovations are, as you recall, we improved our 401(k) and broadened stock grants at 2018 year-end. We estimate that this is an additional expense of $6 million for 2019. But we believe that there is not a better use of our resources. As a people business, our ability to recruit and retain excellent employees is paramount. This investment has helped generate a strong improvement in employee retention for our first two quarters. Next, we’ve increased and expanded our investment in customer routing and scheduling. This technology directly benefits our employees and customers. We now guide our technician to the customer’s address with the service day, it’s plan from start to finish. The technicians have better organized days and our customers receive better communication and appointment reliability. Our most recent technical innovation in this area is the adoption of Glympse, a software that enables us to communicate with the customer via text or email as to their upcoming service date and time of service. Our customers now even have the ability to see where there technician is when en route to their account. As a result of these tools, we have created a better relationship with our customers and a better job for our technicians. The customer is better served and has the capability to change their service day and time as their circumstances dictate. This investment has also contributed to our employees and customers retention improvements and reduction of miles driven. As you recall from our earlier calls that we are transitioning our pension to an insurance provider. When complete, this will create a significant administrative expense savings. Eddie will discuss this more details about this initiative in a few minutes. As I mentioned, we’ve made and are making these improvements and innovations to better prepare for the Company’s future and to help mitigate some of the challenges we experienced due to the seasonality of our business. Expanding our recurring revenue accomplishes this. As you would expect, there has been a significant amount of expenditures and effort that are associated with these initiatives that have and will have a positive effect on the company. I would add that our Company’s track record has shown that we don’t have a Spend Yourself Rich culture at Rollins. And we expect a favorable return on our new and improved program. With the Clark acquisition complete, we will continue to evaluate other acquisition prospects as adding great companies and brands will remain one of our primary objectives. John will now update you on the Clark acquisition and our other plans.
Gary Rollins: Eddie, if I could, we’re very fortunate in our call center that we have – that we can verify really if there’s any pricing issues with our closure. So, we kind of have a laboratory, if you will, that you have the same people kind of handling these calls from the Northeast and the Midwest and so forth and so on. So, we’re able to track closure literally by region and division.
Gary Rollins: They are performing well. We’re very pleased. We’ve had some challenges in Australia, but we seem to have turned the corner there, their economy has not been as robust as we have here in North America, but we’re very pleased with UK, we’re very pleased with our operation in Singapore. And so I think all in all, we’re pleased with our international business.
Gary Rollins: I think so. We continue to have candidates. And I think our track record is – has helped us understand what we can expect and when we can expect it. So, I think we’re a little bit more robust than we were before, but we’re really pleased, and one of the great things is that – is these people that have built these businesses have stayed. So, we don’t have to learn the culture and all other things that a local individual is already extremely familiar with. And I think that’s a – that’s been a blessing and we also have a position that we can refer a candidate to our other acquired companies.
Gary Rollins: And that’s helped us a long ways, because I think we get good results or good feedback that we don’t go in and try to change everything or change everybody that’s patient, and we try to cheer things if we think would benefit them, but we’ve not taken a heavy hand and I think that goes a long way when you’re trying to acquire companies.
Gary Rollins: Yes. I think your math is right. We started calling out some of the things that we are already moving on having to do with improving our vehicle margin. We’re going to be moving those folks over to – the car folks over to some of our benefits plans, which is going to be a saving. We’ve already started with some of our procurement spend items. So, we know they’re going to be multiple margin points that are going to be in addition to those other items that I called out to be $11 million. The good news is like I had mentioned, we’ve had our support staff out there. We understand what we can move on in the priority of how quickly their needs are. They’ve been here to work through those integration steps and like I said. So even in two weeks, we’re starting with the fleet; we’re going to start moving the fleet piece of it. The 401(k) plan is going to be moving over in August to the Rollins’ 401(k) plan, which would be a saving. So there is – there are multiple opportunities that we believe from a margin perspective, will help in addition to what you lined out.
Gary Rollins: I’d like to add that, if we’d cut our vehicles and our head count a month ago, we’d really be in bad shape right now. So, whether you like it or not, you’ve just got the hold on and fortunately, I guess, July now is showing that that strategy or those actions were really the right things to do, but it’s very painful when you have that period that you’re not giving your revenue as you were expecting, but you’ve got that incremental expense build up in the form of headcount and vehicles. So that’s really what put more pressure on the margin than any piece other than that.
Gary Rollins: I think it gets down to how much pressure the public is going to put on these regulators. Of course, rats are pretty onerous and just for appearance, if nothing else. So, it’s going to be interested to see, because I think this is the first legitimate shoot-out that you have between the environmentalists, who think they did the right thing, but apparently by all indications, this has just really backfired. I mean this has unintended consequences and we certainly have more rodent leads than we had, I mean, it’s the respondents of the population, but it’s going to be really interested to see how this thing shapes out.
Gary Rollins: Well, thank you for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in our company and we look forward to updating you on our progress in these numerous new programs and initiatives that we’re taking, and also the fact that the season this quarter certainly is starting strong and we would hope that that will continue throughout the quarter. Thank you.
Eddie Northen: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on the call, excluding historical facts, are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual risks may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to today’s press release and our SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Eddie Northen: Yes, Michael. This is Eddie. I don’t know that we have any insights that would change what we believe will continue to be a growth market as we move forward in time. I think current weather patterns have moved things on one side and the other. Over the previous few years, current weather patterns, warmer during the warmer seasons and I think we’ve seen growth occurred during those times. I think that you actually highlighted some of the weather patterns that we’ve seen over the first part of this year in certain areas at least in the U.S. and I think we’ve seen adjustments with that. So, I don’t know that we know anything or see anything secular in nature or different in nature other than what we’ve seen.
Eddie Northen: Yes. So, Dan, I would say, looking at a year ago, we grew 4.2%, that’s a pretty hefty number on the commercial side, and I would say that one of the things that we saw in the quarter was fumigation and that was just from some individual jobs and customers that just didn’t come through and fumigation is a piece of what we do on the commercial side, it’s not tariff related, it’s not anything else like that, it’s just actual jobs that didn’t come through that we have historically seen. So, it wasn’t competitive in nature at all. When we went through and looked at what those impacts were over that time period, it was rounding to a percent for us on the commercial side. So, we’ve made adjustments, where we can in the operations with that, but that’s something historically, we’ve not seen kind of moves like that. So, no competitive concerns at this point, a little bit of a higher comp from a year ago and the fumigation piece.
Eddie Northen: Yes, thanks for that. We’ve not seen issues with that. I think as you know we’ve talked about, I think our marketing group is very robust and they’re testing, so that we want to know and understand what sort of temperature we’ll have when it comes to rolling out our price in individual markets and in individual areas, because we do not want to lose customer for price, because the lifetime value of the customer is the most important thing to us. So, I think we feel comfortable with the testing that’s going on. I don’t know of any material push back that we’ve had. Our pricing is relatively in line with what we’ve seen in previous years. And again, as we mentioned on the call, our customer retention numbers continue to improve. So, I don’t think that we’re seeing issues or concerns or problems at this point in time in that area.
Eddie Northen: I think we’ll stick with the blueprint, the marketing really has to go through and figure out ways to be innovative when it comes to that acquisition cost per lead and then it’s on us to be able to make sure that we’re doing what we tend to close the lead from there. I don’t think we’ve seen anything different having to do with even the price necessarily for that in total. Now, there are some channels obviously that are more expensive, but our marketing group, I think again, it’s doing a great job by going and finding other channels to be able to create some of those leads and it’s just a matter of, is there enough demand there for the lead? And I don’t think it’s necessarily that we’re not winning leads. I think, it’s just been the demand that is there and the leads not being available to us.
Eddie Northen: Hey, Jamie, to close the loop, I did mention, I just want to make sure the total depreciation versus what we called out for Clark, we did say up $1.9 million per quarter for building the vehicles having to do with Clark.
Eddie Northen: Tim, I think if you take – if you take Clark out, the benefit piece is going to be one of the larger pieces that we’re going to have that will be out there, that as you know, it wasn’t something we thought was going to be a headwind expense-wise, we thought we would be flat to the previous year. But with our improved usage of the plan, more people joining the plan, more people increasing their match in the plan that has been an additional expense for us. But the other piece of it is it’s going to be staffing for a season that hasn’t come as normal or as expected. We don’t have a dollar amount for that. We don’t have a dollar amount to give you put and take, having to do with that, but the solid numbers that we have talked about do have to do with the benefit.
Eddie Northen: I think coming from the density background, that’s before Gary convinced me to make the best decision in my life after marrying my wife was learning and understanding the importance of density and every single time John and Group find and acquire a mountain top company, they find and acquire a regional company that we end up rolling into another existing brand or organization, we get a little bit more depth, we get a little bit more efficient and we become better every single time that happens. So to me, in an extremely fragmented industry like we have, I think the upside opportunities continue to be out there for years to come. And I think when you double down on that with the technology investments that we have made and the fact on how we are executing on those technology investments at this point in time, with a lot of runway to go, I still think personally there is a lot of upside potential that has to go with that.
Eddie Northen: Yes. So, Michael, I’ll go back to the first question that you had there. And I think it’s a little bit of what we – what we responded back to Tim there. We’ve staffed for a season that has not come through as we’ve seen from a normal demand perspective. And as Gary opened up the call, we’re not – our efficiency isn’t as good as we would normally have it and we’re making adjustments for that, it’s just the abnormality of kind of the way this has fallen. We don’t want to be in a position, where we’re not staffed accordingly for a season, have the season come and then not be able to take care of things from a customer perspective and a long-term customer value perspective. So, we had an abnormality there and I think that’s what we’re seeing as part of that margin piece. We’re moving forward, we’re making adjustments to that, like I said, July has been off to a good start.
Eddie Northen: And Michael, we’re not going to manage through a quarter, I mean that’s the bottom line of what our company is about and it’s the way that Rollins has been successful for a lot of years and we’re not going to make a short-term decision that might help our margin a 1% or 2% or whatever else like that and then damage the long-term business. We’re not going to do that and that’s unfortunately what we’ve gone through these first two quarters, and to Gary’s point, it’s paying off and we’re seeing the demand that’s coming through and we’re prepared for that.
Eddie Northen: you’re exactly right with how to think about it and that’s what our expectations would be as we’re moving through the remainder of the year.
Eddie Northen: Yes. I do want to clarify one other thing, Jamie, you had asked your question earlier about the depreciation, I misstated something. So, I just want to clarify that. The $1.9 million for the depreciation for Clark is going to be for Q3 and Q4. For Q2, it was $1.3 million and that’s because we acquired them at the end of April. So, two months out of the quarter. So, I want to make sure that we clarify that.
Eddie Northen: Jamie, one other thing, too, they haven’t taken these products away from use in food processing plants. So, they’re still going to be out there and then further to that while you can’t buy them off the shelf in a grocery store in California, you can order them on the Internet and dependent on the number that you look at, we may be taking care of 20%, 25% of the population. The rest is unvended and they’re going to various Internet sources and buying those same products and they’ll still be using them.
Eddie Northen: Yes, absolutely. Thanks, Jamie. Michael, one other clarification for you having to do with the amortization kind of similar to back to the question that Tim had having to do with the depreciation and I misstated. So, the amortization for the quarter was about $2.2 million, but we only had two months of Clark as part of that. So, the amortization, as we move forward per month year-over-year, will be slightly higher than that. So, just because – so obviously, we’ll have what, three months, going to be in there, but I just want to clarify that.
John Wilson: Thank you, Gary. We believe our track record with our acquired companies speaks to the success we’ve had in integrating and growing acquisitions made over the past 19 years, all of which have contributed in many ways to our profitable growth. Historically, the larger acquisitions require a bit longer to integrate, as you might expect, and that will apply to Clark as well. Once fully incorporated though, the long-term benefits of these acquisitions provide excellent top and bottom line growth expansion of our company and the ability to provide customers with additional pest control related services. These acquired companies benefit from our Internet experience, greater purchasing power and transferable technology. Clark is on track with our business plan and we expect them to be a highly successful addition to our family of brands. Gary and I are heading out there next week when we will meet with their team and check in on their progress. We are excited about Clark, as the majority of their branches are in Northern California and their addition dramatically strengthens our Company’s presence in this area. As you may recall, we ended 2018 with the best employee retention we’d experienced in our recent history, and in the first two quarters of 2019, continued on that trajectory. Further, as you would expect, employee retention directly correlates with customer retention. Improving and enhancing the benefit package for our team members obviously helps retain our people. However, investments in technology and process helps greatly here too. As we have slightly – I’m sorry – as we have simply improved team member job satisfaction with these various tools. A service technician’s relationship with their customers is extremely important to ensuring customer loyalty and expanding our customer base. As Gary has shared, our customer routing and scheduling capabilities are a large contributor to improvement in this area as it enables technicians to expand their service time. This enables them to better fulfill their customers’ needs, and in some cases, add additional customers to their route. For our field personnel, this technology provides additional benefits in the form of reducing the amount of time spent behind the wheel. For the second quarter, we again had nice improvements in driving efficiency as measured by miles per stop. Average miles driven per stop in our Orkin fleet were down 4% year-over-year and we have had 17 consecutive months of miles per stop reductions. One last item related to technology, we gained full implementation of our human resource information system during the first half of the year and this system when fully utilized solves a number of pain points for our field employees. We expect to see continued benefits through 2019 and beyond from these various technology initiatives mentioned. On another note, this time of year, we get a lot of questions about how our mosquito business is doing, although a relatively small part of our overall business at this point, this service line continues to grow and is in part driven by increased concern and public awareness around disease-borne issues including Zika, West Nile, and other diseases. Year-over-year, our mosquito service has grown over 35% and we expect continued growth in the future as we gain greater cross-sell penetration of our large pest control customer base. Now, let me turn the call over to Eddie to discuss our financials.
John Wilson: And I think one advantage that we have is what we now have about 400 branches in North America. So, we really didn’t see from coast to coast and certainly as Eddie said that weather has a lot to do with how the season starts and we’re just not seeing an overall decrease as far as demand is concerned.
John Wilson: Yes, Jamie, that’s a great question. I don’t know, I’m not sure anybody knows right now. I was reading an article on that just last night. So, we’re not real sure just yet. We do – there’s obviously, if you take away the second generation rodenticides, the opportunity for the rodent populations to grow pretty dramatically is there.
John Wilson: And so that creates opportunity, but it’s unfortunate and we’re as an industry wrestling with that as we speak. But I think there can be opportunity there, just may not be – it just may not be good for the residents of California.
