John Wilson: Thank you, Gary. Good morning, everyone. Rollins delivered another strong performance this quarter, reflecting solid execution of our operating strategies. I want to continue to emphasize that Rollins' success is a direct result of the efforts of the dedicated and caring people that work for our company. This incredible team works hard every day to achieve our objectives and take great care of our customers. At Rollins, our people are our most valuable asset. Pursuant to that, we are always looking to improve our employee training and benefit offerings as well as providing a workplace where they are respected and able to grow professionally. Last quarter, we announced a new partnership with Everside Health to offer on-site health center providing primary care at our Atlanta home office and virtually nationally. This new program offers free or reduced cost primary care for all employees. We're pleased to share that since its opening four months ago, this effort has registered over 500 employee visits and filled over 300 prescriptions. We are very focused on enabling our employees to live healthier lives at home and at work, while enjoying multiple benefits within this effort. With same day and next day appointments, this help center handles everything from routine screenings to chronic disease management. It also offers on-site lab draws, medication prescriptions, immunizations, mental health services, as well as the ability to reach a care team 24/7 for urgent needs. Further, we plan to expand this free primary care offering to the covered dependence of our team members starting January 1st. Feedback to date has been extremely positive with a very high satisfaction rate. Ultimately, we believe that by providing easier access to these kinds of services, we are facilitating better health outcomes and happier, healthier employees. We also recently expanded our employee stock purchase plan. This plan allows employees the option to purchase shares of Rollins' common stock at a 10% discounted price through payroll deductions. Since we launched the plan in July 2022, we are pleased that over 2,200 employees have enrolled. This represents greater than 130% growth in employee stock ownership participants compared to our previous program. Most importantly, we want to encourage employee ownership in Rollins as we want everything - everyone to think and act like owners in our company. In summary, guided by our commitment to employees and our culture, we feel these types of benefit programs an improvement - are important to our long term success, not only by retaining and incentivizing our valued employees at all levels and for them to have a vested interest in our performance but also, to effectively position Rollins brands as a leading contender for top talent. Last, I would like to discuss Hurricane Ian. Thank goodness, all of our employees in the Ian's path are safe, but they have needed an assistance. Through our Rollins Employee Relief Fund, our team provided over 170 emergency grants to impacted employees within the first 10 days following the hurricane to enable team members to address essential needs. Since then, the relief team has been processing multiple full grants to address employees who have endured even greater hardship. Our hearts go out to those affected by the hurricane, but I must acknowledge how excited we were about all our team members who have jumped in to assist those impacted in various ways. They quickly volunteered their time and energy often after work hours to gather, load and deliver supplies to those most in need. This was a total team effort and we are tremendously proud of their care, compassion and commitment to help one another. Overall, while Ian shut down a total of 28 branch offices, 18 were only closed for a day or two, while the remainder opened by the end of the following week. Between these few location closures and the loss of several vehicles within our fleet, the impact to our employees in the days following the storm was far worse than the impact to our business. I'd like to now turn the call over to Jerry who will provide more details on our quarter.
John Wilson: Well, the only thing I would add Tim is that leads for residential have been down for some time. Quality of lead and lead closure has been up, leading to increased sales and increasing organic revenue but lead closure or leads receives excuse me as a measure of the strength of the residential business is not really unnecessarily a good yardstick. We continue to close at a higher rate and our - and where we can give some labor challenges, our teams are getting to the work. So we're still seeing strength in it. Is it as strong as it was over the last couple of years? Maybe not, but we're very optimistic still about residential.
John Wilson: Yes. I think you hit the nail on the head, Jerry. It's all about having the right amount of people to handle the production of the sales needed to grow those service lines. That only grows by having feet on the street, not by - it's not lead driven, I guess. I'm trying to say like the residential side. So you got to have those bodies in front of those customers.
Kenneth Krause: The only thing I would add as well is from a revenue perspective as Jerry had pointed out. We had good revenue growth throughout the quarter. It was interesting, when we look at the revenue growth by month throughout the quarter in the residential area, we saw a little bit of weakness in July associated with just some COVID exposures and some challenges with COVID, but August was exceptionally strong and September was very healthy as well, but unfortunately, our ability to deliver services was hampered by the hurricane, which hit us late in the quarter. So overall, business remains pretty well intact on the residential side.
Kenneth Krause: You're thinking about that correct, Tim. We had a 50 basis point headwind on revenues. The 8.6% is an as reported organic number. So adding back the currency headwind, your organic growth would have been just north of 9%.
Kenneth Krause: Ashish, I don't want to commit to something too early here. I am only 60 days or so in, but what I'll tell you is the gross margin profile of 50 plus percent is certainly an appealing gross margin profile and provides me a sense of confidence in our ability to generate that type of margin profile, but what I'd ask for is a little bit of time to better understand the business and some of the drivers that we have in the business. But nonetheless, that gross margin profile that we do have and the pricing opportunities we have in our business gives me some confidence in our ability to continue to improve our margins going forward.
Jerry Gahlhoff: And let's not forget that hurricane also impacted South Carolina as well, went through there, which is another area where we have a large - a very large presence on the residential standpoint.
Jerry Gahlhoff: So a lot of what you see in the termite ancillary growth is a result of cross-selling to your existing customer base, so that's where we get a lot of the lift - is on the termite ancillary side is directly through cross-sell opportunity. So that continues to remain strong and continues to be a great opportunity for us for certainly for years to come. We have seen a nice uptick this year also in technicians sales that has in some ways offset our - a little bit of the lead decline, and the better we know the better staffed we are with technicians, the more technicians will actively sell. So getting that formula right is good and we have certainly seen an uptick in technician involved sales, where it could be upgrades on the commercial side but as well as on the residential side as well. We see - we do see sales productivity ticking up with technicians.
Jerry Gahlhoff: So we feel like our price increase program was very successful this year and certainly, as Ken noted, it attributed some of our success here in the third quarter to pricing, not only to our - through rate increases, but also increasing our rate cards and our new sales pricing is up rather significantly, that's been helpful. Our strategy will be to get through the rest of this fiscal year. In January, we'll all meet again, and we'll have a discussion about our price increase strategy for 2023 and assess what the economic environment looks like, what's going on and make some determinations at that point. We need to have those discussions in - fairly early in the year if we're going to keep it on the same cycle to be able to deploy that price increase by March and April timeframes, should we - depend on what levels we go at. So - and part of that process in January will also be a very lengthy look back - detailed look back into our price increase campaign this year, what the impact on rollbacks and customer retention was, and we'll use those data to help us determine what we will - what our plan will look like in 2023. We've monitored that. We haven't noticed any real significant jump in retention due to pricing, so we feel pretty good about where we are right now.
Jerry Gahlhoff: I guess, internationally, we see some of the - feeling a little bit of some of the impact in the U.K. of their inflationary pressures there, but our business in the United Kingdom is doing quite well, that team there is thriving. Same in Australia. They're performing very well. So we're very happy with the results that we're getting internationally. Singapore is a little down. They've had some a little more challenges on the revenue growth side and that's been largely - they were engaged during the peak of COVID with a lot of disinfection services and some of those disinfection services have disappeared. And so they've struggled a little bit more, not necessarily because of any economic conditions more just a shift in what's going on in the market from a pest control and disinfection standpoint. But overall, internationally, you think of Canada as well, our Canadian operations are doing fantastic and they're growing well. So it's all very positive on that front.
