Jerry Gahlhoff: Thank you, John, and thank you all for joining our call today. Our partnership with Fox was an 18-month process. As we worked on executing this transaction and learned more about the Fox business, we became increasingly impressed with their culture, their consistent and strong growth rates, and their unique operating model. In early April, I had the opportunity to visit with many of the fantastic team members at Fox, and was able to witness firsthand the deep pride they have in the Fox brand. Additionally, as Ken will cover in more detail later, we believe the financial benefits are very compelling. We expect the transaction to be accretive to earnings and cash flow in the first full year of ownership, and will provide meaningful long-term financial benefits as well. We also believe the complementary nature of their brand creates opportunities for enhancing Rollins's strategic platform for growth in the residential space. While still operating under the Fox Pest Control brand and being led by co-founders Mike Romney, and Bryant White, we see incredible potential for the teams at Fox and HomeTeam to learn and share with one another. There are multiple benefits to tying Fox closely with HomeTeam, who have also been utilizing door-to-door campaigns to activate Taexx customers in their predominantly residential business for over 20 years. Furthermore, this alliance will provide HomeTeam with an ability to scale markets faster while we provide the team at Fox with new service offerings and cross-sell opportunities along the way. We're also particularly excited about the strong alignment of their culture and the value the partnership creates for customers, team members, and to our shareholders. Fox has a passionate sense of community and a values-driven approach that consistently delivers quality service, coupled with the resilient track record of strong customer growth and solid employee retention. As we've demonstrated in the past, acquisitions are a key part of Rollins's growth strategy. Over the years, we've built a very successful playbook for their smooth transitions into our company, and we are extremely excited about our path ahead with Fox. In summary, we are confident that Fox's business perfectly aligns to our strategy for sustainable profitable growth, and I'm incredibly proud to add them to our impressive family of pest control brands.  Transitioning to our recent financial performance, I'm pleased to report that Rollins delivered solid first quarter results and realized strong year-over-year growth in many key performance areas. Ken will address the financials in more detail in a moment, but I'd like to highlight three key areas of progress in the quarter. First, we delivered 11% revenue growth. What was especially encouraging was our organic growth. Organic growth was more than 9% for the quarter, with strong growth across all major service lines. Secondly, margins were very healthy to start the year. We delivered approximately 32% incremental margins and grew GAAP earnings per share 20%. The focus on pricing, selling new business, and productivity is paying off. On our year-end call, we discussed our intention to initiate an earlier price increase this year, and that certainly helped us, particularly in March. We'll continue to focus on this area to ensure that we are effectively pricing the value of our essential services. And last, but not least, we reported strong growth and cash flow for the quarter. We remain well positioned to continue to invest in acquisitions, and maintain a balanced capital allocation strategy. As we move into spring and summer months, we expect a good business environment and strong demand for our services when you consider recent weather patterns resulting in wet outdoor conditions. April is off to a favorable start, and our teams in the field are well staffed and trained as we head into our traditional peak season. We're also continuing to add to our sales force and emphasizing bundling of multiple services like pest and mosquito through our call center operations. I want to emphasize how pleased we are with Rollins’s strong first quarter performance. And looking ahead, we remain well positioned for 2023 and confident in our ability to continue to drive strong operating results.  I'll now turn the call over to Ken.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Tim, this is Jerry. To me, it's pretty simple. It's about the investments we've made in hiring and staffing on the commercial side, the commercial front with our commercial account managers. We have a considerably larger staff than we did even a year ago and far more than we did two years ago. So, their efforts feed on the Street every single day. Bringing new business in at the volume they're bringing in, that's what's making the difference. It's not about individual wins or big customers or anything like that, it's the collective efforts of everything that they've done.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Yes, so, Tim, this is Jerry. I'll handle the first part of that. We'll continue to look for tuck-in acquisitions, bolt-on acquisitions. We'll continue that path, and of course, continue to evaluate even larger acquisitions if they're there for us to get and the timing is right. But at the same time, we're also fairly cautious. We like to ensure that what we've - the most recent deal is handled well and our time and attention and focus is put on that to make sure that goes smoothly, that transition goes smoothly. We don't want to jump in anything with too much of a distraction for our team or for them in the short run. So, we're probably a little bit cautious there on really large deals in the very short term, but we'll continue to do the bolt-ons. And I'll let Ken address the question about capital. 
Jerry Gahlhoff: I don't know that we've gotten that deep into the analysis. We want Fox to - we want to make for a smooth transition, have Fox settled into what they're doing. Certainly, they have - the team at Fox has had a - themselves gone through this transition over time, ramping up on the digital side. And we’ll help them and continue to support their efforts to do that, give them some of our expertise and knowledge along the way to help them mature in that area and convert leads to sales and starts and those types of things that we feel like we can help them with over time. But at this point, I wouldn't give you any insight in terms of long-term what that may look like a year from now or two years from now. It’s still premature
Jerry Gahlhoff: Yes, this is Jerry. I would add, we're in a really good position to take advantage of strong demand in the marketplace as it's there. So, we feel strong about our position to be able to capitalize on the potential for growth in the market, so.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Yes, thank you for the question. We feel like that's - when we think about synergies and we think about integration as we started the call, we certainly are taking a pragmatic approach with respect to synergies and synergy capture. We do think that this business will be accretive to our margins in the next two to three years. But the first year is all about getting in and trying to understand what makes the business so valuable. We don't want to move too quickly, but we also don't want to move too slowly. But we do feel like that $18 million to $22 million is our best expectation or estimate of what we can deliver on the acquisition this year.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Well, thanks, everyone, for joining our call today. We look forward to giving you an update at the end of the second quarter on our next call. We'll see you then. Thank you.
Ken Krause: Sure. Just adding on to what Jerry had mentioned, the integration efforts are certainly really important to us. And so, we want to make sure that we integrate these businesses as much as we can, while not disrupting the customer-facing aspect of these businesses, which are so strong. From a debt to EBITDA perspective, Tim, I believe you were asking, when we look at our capital structure, we have an incredibly strong balance sheet. It does not mean that we're going to lever up two or three times to go after transformational acquisitions. We, quite frankly, don't need to. The business is so strong, but what we will do is use our balance sheet in a strategic manner to grow this business. And so, that's the focus. I can't commit to a debt to EBITDA leverage ratio, but what I can tell you is, we will remain very much investment grade. We will very much remain to the playbook that we've executed for a very long time, which has certainly paid off for our investors.
Ken Krause: Thank you, Harold. I appreciate the question. This is Ken. I had mentioned in my prepared comments that advertising and marketing-related costs were relatively neutral to margins. So, that means that we were spending at just about the rate of growth of revenue in the first quarter. With that said, as we enter the second quarter, we are continuing to ramp up our investment in customer acquisition-related cost. And so, as we go into the second quarter, it's important for us to procure those new customers, which have an incredibly valuable long-term relationship with our business. As you know, approximately 80% of our business is recurring. And so, it's important for us to go after and get those new customers into the fold. And so, we'll continue to tick that up in the second quarter, as we have in past years. And so, I think that's an important point to remember as you think about modeling out, say, the second and third quarter of the year.
Ken Krause: What I would add to that, Jerry, is that Fox does a really exceptional job in their marketing efforts, and there might be an opportunity to leverage Fox and the Rollins family of brands. And so, I think that's really important to think about as you go forward. They do a really good job, and we certainly want to leverage all the work that they do across their business to benefit us through this combination.
Ken Krause: Certainly, can do that for you, and appreciate the comments. Insurance and claims has been a bit of a headwind here for a period of time, I believe going back to last year. In the third quarter, we talked about that. This year, when we look at the experience in insurance and claims, there's two aspects to that experience. One are just higher insurance premiums. As you know, we had poor experience last year. And so, unfortunately, we saw that come through with higher insurance premiums in the first quarter. That'll carry through for the remainder of the year. The second part of it is, we continue to see just some unfavorable experience in that area. We're ramping up our focus on behavioral-based safety across the company, and ensuring that we're making the right investments in the areas that'll help improve our performance in that area. But it's an area of focus for the company, and we continue to focus on driving some improvements. Unfortunately, we do feel the negative impact of a tighter insurance market, however.
Ken Krause: It's hard to provide an estimate on that as we think about the next quarter or two. However, we feel like the investments we're making in our people, in our technicians and our sales folks, the focus we're making on cross-selling and driving cross-sell and a wider share of wallet with each and every individual customer, is paying off. And we feel very optimistic and bullish about our opportunity to continue to grow our position with our really important residential customers into the future.
Ken Krause: Sure. Yes. And so, when we look at that business, the breakdown is highly focused on residential. A large percentage of that business is resi sector. And so, that'll come through our residential segment of our business. We feel like that $90 million to $100 million would probably come into our business very similarly to how our business is reported. So, Q2, you'll see a ramping from Q1, and then Q3 you'll see a further ramping. That's just the seasonality of our business. We feel like there's opportunities to drive some outsized growth there, but I also feel like this $90 million to $100 million is a very realistic estimate, and is reflective of the growth trajectory, strong growth trajectory that the business is already on. And so, we feel like it's very realistic in achieving that $90 million to $100 million this year as we think about the remainder of the year.
Ken Krause: Certainly. Thanks for the question. If you look at the last nine months, the last three quarters, if you will, going back to the second half of last year, we've consistently delivered an incremental margin that's approaching 30%. So, we feel like we're positioned very well to deliver that 30% sort of incremental margin as we move forward. There's always challenges. There’s always puts, and there's takes, and there might be one quarter where you might be below that, but you might have one quarter where you exceed that. As I said in my prepared comments, the second quarter, you're going to see a little bit more investment in customer acquisition costs. We see an opportunity to go after and get customers that are going to create long-term value for our business. And so, you'll probably see a little bit more investment, a little heavier investment come through in that area as we think about the second quarter, but we feel very good about long-term value creation from those customers that will help us deliver that incremental margin profile of 30 plus percent.
