Gary Rollins: Yes. Thank you, Marilynn, and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our first quarter 2015 conference call. Harry will read our forward-looking statement and disclaimer and then we’ll begin.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Harry. Before I delve into our first quarter results, I wanted to take a moment and thank Harry for his 17 years of service to Rollins as our CFO. As most of you know, he will be retiring from our company on May 1. Harry’s leadership, talent, and dedication played a major role in the growth and success of Rollins. We will miss him greatly and wish him and his family all the best in retirement. Be assured, however, I am not going to let him stray too far. I would also like to take this opportunity to welcome Eddie Northen to our company. We are extremely pleased to have him join Rollins as our new CFO. Eddie comes to us from UPS and brings, not only a wealth of financial experience, strong international exposure, but also a great background in routing and supply-chain management. These areas are extremely important to us as we continue to grow our company. Eddie, please tell everyone a little bit more about yourself.
Gary Rollins: Well, while the weather wasn’t as difficult, I would point out it doesn’t matter how – unless you have record highs in January and February, you are just not adding a lot of customers during that timeframe. So while – I think we are more impressed than you are that we did grow in the first quarter. And like I said, it’s really the strong March that gets it going. But we will get as many leads in June as we get in probably January, February, March, combined. So, again, it’s just – you have a big base of customers and trying to get that number accelerated takes a lot of new customers. And I think the exciting number was there were 24,000 more calls this year than last year. Now, all those calls don’t turn into customers, but it gives you a good shot at them.
Gary Rollins: Yeah we continue to be excited by Australia; I think we realize to be successful there. We have to follow the same model that we did in Canada and that’s to be in all major cities. We’re not there yet today, we continue to explore opportunities there, but we’re patient. We will find the right companies with the right culture and we will build out right network continue in Australia. 
Gary Rollins: I wish I could answer that question there, I could measure my route operation efficiencies that closely. In fact I know I drove more miles this first quarter, but I have lot more customers than I had last year this time and so I can’t break it down that finally. I don’t know approximately that fuel savings which isn’t all CSP, some of it is reflected in SG&A rents, I think it was like around $2.3 million that’s what we estimate the savings in fuel was and pretty much offsetting that was the increased cost due to the BOSS implementation and depreciation, which came in about $2.2 million. So, those two pretty much offset each other in the Q1. 
Gary Rollins: We certainly haven’t finished spending money on the CRM system, so it will be some additional, but I think it will be a slow creep as supposed to large bump at this point. 
Gary Rollins: Training, we spend a lot of time on closure, just a little bit about what we are doing to pair for the surge in our call center, so we really think that we’ve got some more upside as far as closure is concerned. Our marketing people say it’s all them, but I’m not buying that. I think it’s just a combination of things, I mean our service sales are up, which is important. We are just kind of attacking the thing from various points and so far it’s starting to pay off for us. 
Gary Rollins: Product commercial business would be the least impacted by weather. if you are restaurants, your doors are open and the pest control company is visiting you, so I wouldn’t, I don’t think weather really had any impact on the commercial business, it certainly would impact the termite, it’s kind of hard to – your termites aren’t going to swarm under 3 feet of snow and pest control you are waiting for the weather to get warmer. While in general the weather was better overall, but the northeast was – I was up in Washington D.C. this weekend and see it went down to 38 degrees one night, wondering when spring was come in. So some possible exactly to measure weather and I think I’ve said a number of items, it really affects us on the fringe of the business. Once you’re going to get warm in the spring and once it get cold in the winter and then in between its case of our – us executing our business plans.
Gary Rollins: I think I could summarize that. I think it was and Gary touched on the moving parts, but just more effort. We were disappointed last year the HomeTeam people were disappointed and I think that they have an aggressive plan this year and they just – they’ve been attacking this thing everywhere that they know. And the results are showing it that they are successful with it.
Gary Rollins: Okay. I guess that’s it. We’d like to thank you for joining us today, and Eddie and I look forward to the next quarter and we’ll continue to work hard to grow and improve our business. Thank you.
Harry Cynkus: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call excluding historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual risks may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to today’s press release and our SEC filings including the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year-ended December 31, 2014 for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Harry Cynkus: Yeah, and I just want to say, I think you are going to find like on any curve, you’re going to see 20% of the people taking to it being your power users and we’ve identified the bottom 20% who are struggling and in fact what we’re doing is in the way, when I say struggling, it could be a misnomer. But what we do is we are measuring the number of calls to the helpline for people who are having problems and call the helpline. So the branches that are calling more frequently, i.e. have left more questions about it, we are sending some of the trainers back to those branches to help them overcome the pieces they don’t know. So, part of it is going to be continued training. And we can measure and that’s one of the things we are doing is if they don’t understand, they are calling. And so, we know who we need to go out and help. And then, I think, ultimately, we will find ways to disseminate what the power users are doing and whether we use the trainers to take that to the other branches, best practice. As both Gary and Eddie have said, there is tremendous excitement in the field. It’s making their job easier. They have a cool iPhone and they are more than happy to get rid of what I started referring to as our turn-of-the-century old CRM system.
Harry Cynkus: Yeah. The tax new customers were up nearly – it was up 6% over last year with really strong March month. I think last year actually I think we were a little disappointed with the capture. We had done some reorganization on the sales team and we did ourselves a little to service, and might have understaffed, didn’t properly staff the sales effort last year. So I think some of that – weather was better in some of the Florida and Texas markets. This year it could be the sales team’s efforts, it could be – so people who delayed the Boss system with last year and delayed purchase for a year, but all of a sudden they are seeing they got issues probably. The nice thing about those tax systems is, when a customer wants to take care of this insect issue and he has got that system built in, there is only one company that can service it. So I think it’s – where open it’s pent up demand and execution.
Eddie Northen: Thank you, Gary. I want to also thank Harry for his leadership and support during my transition period. Filling Harry’s shoes will be quite the task, but the transition period that Gary has allowed and Harry has taken with me definitely has me ready to take the next step. I had the opportunity to spend time with a number of Rollins team members in Atlanta and in the field, as well as meet with numerous investors. This exposure has made me feel even more privileged to be a part of this exceptional company. During my 30 years at UPS, I was extremely fortunate to gain invaluable operational and finance experience. Early in my career, I worked on the frontline and drove a package car. This time enabled me to learn the business from the ground up and help me to prepare me for the future opportunities in front of me. After spending time in internal audit and several director of finance roles around the U.S., our family moved to Hong Kong in 2006 where I was the CFO of Asia-Pacific region. A few years later, I returned back to the States, where I held a similar role as Vice President of Finance of the West region. Most recently, I was Vice President of Finance of the Global Business Service Group based here in Atlanta. I believe the fact that UPS and Rollins are both route based businesses with very similar cultures will help me with the transition into my new job and enable me to focus as Harry has on the long-term financial strength of Rollins. I will now turn the call back to Gary.
Eddie Northen: Yeah, Dan. Thanks. You mentioned having time to spend learning different parts of the business. Gary has been very supportive with allowing me to spend about a month in the operations – learning the different operations. And I think what I’ve tried to do from that perspective is kind of take what I brought with me from UPS and really kind of look at it through those lens. As I was visiting the operations, one of the things that I saw was really the depth of the management that we have there and how strong they are from a P&L perspective, and I think that’s something that we can really continue to use as we move forward. I think that routing and scheduling continues to be an opportunity for us and Gary mentioned that when he was talking about the Boss. So I think that we’re going to be able to kind of bring those two pieces together and in fact I have some follow-up meetings with the operations over the coming months and that’s really where I want to try to spend some time and energy there is to see what and how we might be able to help from that perspective.
Eddie Northen: Yeah, Joan, when I was out for the month, I rode with probably more than a dozen technicians during the time and I have to tell you that ones that we are on the Boss system, they were excited to share with me what the capabilities were. I mean making it easier for their interface with the customer, making it easier for them to schedule what it is that they are going to do for their customer if they need to make changes or adjustments. And I don’t really know a lot about the former system, but for technicians as they are trying to teach me about the business and this was something that they wanted to share with me, to me that tells me that they were adopting it very well.
Eddie Northen: Yeah, Joan. I’ve had a chance to spend some time with Tom who is in charge of our international operation in fact I’m going to be attending the international franchise maybe that they have their annual meeting. So, I’m going to get a chance to learn about where we are right now, what is working for us right now and then also talk about that as we’re moving forward in time. So, I’m really kind of going through the learning curve of that, but Tom and I had some good conversations, but I think that right now the focus is in the areas where we know we have opportunities and of course that being Australia’s as we’ve already talked about. 
