Gary Rollins: Yes. Thank you, Marilynn and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our third quarter 2017 conference call. Eddie will read our forward-looking statement and disclaimer, and then we’ll begin.
Gary Rollins: I have talked a little bit about some of the things from an entomology perspective that we will see overtime. I don’t know if we ever had two storms of this magnitude back to back, Katrina I think would be the only thing that we could compare that to which John was very involved with at that point and time. So, we know from an entomology perspective we are going to see growth in the future in these areas, but I would say -- during John's prepared remarks that he talked about some of the other different activities that the operations have going on separate from what our normal pest control may be. I think the other part of that is going to be as the residences and as the businesses will get back up and running that’s when our services will be needed and I don’t know any of us know exactly that will look like over the coming months.
Gary Rollins: We are not going to break that out. These are big competitive markets for us. So, we are not going to break that out because that would give a lot of clarity as far as our total revenue and profitability in those areas. It's well into the millions and the quarter would have looked much more normal, had we not had these storms.
Gary Rollins: I would like to just add this, and John touched on it and it's hard to put a figure on it but based on our past experience, there will be quite a few termites what we call boosters done, where customers and non-customers will have to renew their termite barrier, the states typically send out the bulletin to the consumers that indicate that the termite barriers at risk, it's very difficult to measure that but this is again a key learning that we had from past hurricanes. John touched on the mosquito situation and we think we're going give a nice uptake in mosquitoes where we still have stand water and Houston still has standing water. And our moisture and [mildew] abetment, these homes that were flooded are going to have to have the structures treated a rest, the mold and mildew, so there is some positive if you want to look at that it comes from this, but it's very difficult for us to put a number to that. 
Gary Rollins: No, its really the home owner's responsibility but we really do it at just about a cost basis, this is a terrible situation itself into our customers and we don’t want to feel like we are preying upon it. So, they really get a tremendous benefit but as I say the state support this activity, so this isn’t really something that’s inappropriate, it is just obvious that if your surrounding yard is under deep little water for two days, you're going to have a deterioration of the termite barrier. 
Gary Rollins: Thank you for joining us. We look forward to reporting on our fourth quarter and our year end results and share accomplishments in January. In the meantime, we are wishing you and your family the best for the holidays. Thank you.
Eddie Northen: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call, excluding historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual risks may differ materially from any statements we make today. Please refer to today’s press release and our SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Eddie Northen: I might add again it's really hard to quantify early on after these events what we have is one-time service revenue that we gain and much I talked about was that. As the areas rebuild as home owners rebuild as businesses rebuild then we start to add customers in a recurring fashion which is the organic revenue growth that we are looking for.
Eddie Northen: It would have been much post to that Jamie, taking the consideration also the acquisition of Northwest and bringing that revenue on but we also, make sense that we related that as well. I think if you factor that in and net all that together, I think your statement is probably very fair. 
Eddie Northen: I would say as long as you are take in consideration the northwest acquisition and again expenses we have related to that and getting them -- seeing them up and running then I would say it would be much close and your staking will be very close and true.
Eddie Northen: Well we had legal that was the big part of that. We had other things having to do with some compensation plans that we put in place, that we are not going to breakdown and disclose. Those are the main items.
Eddie Northen: I don’t believe so. I think that worse part is behind us to Johns point we do have a couple of branches that have been much more decimated than others, he mentioned Key West, Naples Florida was the same. But I think for the most part the rest of them are back up and running the expense that we had were the preparation for the hurricane in some cases moving vehicles closing buildings up. After the hurricane we had some building repair we had some other different things that had to go on. But I believe all of that has passed us, I don’t think we are going to have any issues as of right now that we know of having to do with any of the storms. 
Eddie Northen: Hey Joe let me jump in before John gives you some color. So, this isn’t necessarily a new module this is a [audio gap] improved customer retention that’s really what we are after.
