Gary Rollins: Yes. Thank you, Marilynn and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our second quarter 2016 conference call and Eddie will read our forward-looking statement and disclaimer and then we will begin.
Gary Rollins: And I think the size of the builders that we represent gives us a wonderful opportunity. One of the requirements of financing and most states require that there would be a pretreatment done on new homes. So, we are handy and we are taking advantage of it.
Gary Rollins: It’s one of the first things that are done when a home start comes out of ground when the slab is poured is when the pretreatment is done.
Gary Rollins: Yes. Retention was in line with what we expected. The phenomena of the pace, I guess, everybody has got a theory. I think my theory is that Mother Nature has more to do with that than anything. We were staffed. Our advertising was going. Our digital marketing was going. I mean, there was no operational hiccup. It was just a matter of leads and demand really.
Gary Rollins: I really don’t think so. Our leads were not as strong as we like. Our commercial businesses, lot of good commercial businesses are sold in the branches and it’s influenced by the leads that we get. So, you might think, first of all, that commercial shouldn’t be impacted by Mother Nature, but it is and it doesn’t influence the lead flow. So, that’s our staffing was there, our pricing was there. We have had competition from the start. So, I don’t really think that anything unique is taking place in the competitive area. That would be my take, Joan, on the situation.
Gary Rollins: Joan, there is another advantage to this acquisition. We really want an international model branch to show our franchise owners and potential owners. I mean now they come over to the U.S. and they visit our commercial operations typically in our residential. And they are just not the same that that independent owner really has to model his business after. So one of the pluses, I think that we are going to get is we are going to have a model operation that they can get a better sense of really how to get organized and how to conduct their business.
Gary Rollins: Well, I can tell you that our marketing group has been really involved with the data analytics piece for probably in the last 2-plus years now, breaking everything down in all the different service lines and taking a look at all the different factors that go into retaining customers, growing customers, customer segments, customer segments by income, by geography, by our different independent brands. And that’s a lot of what they use when we go through and we make our decisions on how we advertise, how we price, how we go through and make the decision on what, where we want to spend our management resources as well as our capital to be able to go through and grow our business. So I am not familiar with the specifics of what you are talking about with the competitor, but I do know that our internal marketing group from my perspective has done a tremendous job with that and helping the guidance as we continue to move forward.
Gary Rollins: Yes. I think that’s a very serious assessment. We absolutely are. We are getting more phone calls and we are having more opportunities in lot of areas, areas that you would expect we are probably seeing more. So we saw growth in Florida earlier, because they are going to have much demand than we would see in other parts of the country. If you take a look at a very, very small base that we have, sales in a lot of areas have grown tremendously. I mean they have doubled in some areas as far as mosquito growth, but again, small base. That’s the phenomena and as you know, it’s something that built over time. Year one was big growth. But I am not sure that anybody knew that it was going to be 3 years, 4 years, 5 years, 6 years, 7 years phenomenon. And we are kind of in it’s year one right now from the Zika perspective of the mosquito. So we will continue to – we want to continue to make sure that we are playing the right role in this. We want to make sure that we are educating the community to make sure the people know and understand what they can do to be able to help reduce or eliminate the concerns they have. And if they need professional help, we actually want to be the ones to be able to help them in that perspective. But we also have a benefit of marketing our other services. I mean we may get a mosquito call, but we have an opportunity to have a recurring pest control customer. And then we also have an opportunity, we have a termite customer. So in addition to the revenue that it generates directly, there is revenue that’s generated indirectly.
Gary Rollins: Well, we obviously we think our service is better. We do mystery shopping where we see what the competitors are doing. And there are several things that we do that in addition to what’s done. I believe as long as this Zika situation stays covered as far as the press is concerned, it generates a lot of mosquito business and that mosquito customers are really happy. I have been in this business for five decades and I never had a service that people will stop to you, talk to you at cocktail parties. I mean they are very excited about the fact that they get their back yard return to them.
Gary Rollins: And I think that the environmental concerns that the consumer has really sets us apart from Joe in his pickup truck and the fogging machine. And as Eddie said, we have – on the Internet, we have quite a few spikes where we really explain to the homeowner what they can do, how they can eliminate mosquito trap.
Gary Rollins: Okay, I guess that’s it. And we want to thank you for being here. We look forward to reporting in the third quarter. I think we will know more about BOSS at that time because we have another quarter under our belt and branches getting more material. And we look forward to it. Thank you.
Eddie Northen: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call, excluding historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual risks may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to today’s press release and our SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Eddie Northen: That’s okay. I think this is something that has been there through time. I don’t know that it’s necessarily tremendously different as far as the overall impact. Just wanted to highlight the fact that they do continue to have substantial growth in this particular part of what they offer, especially with the new builders. The thing that’s a positive there as we get a chance for that pretreatment and we are getting another opportunity to have a new customer, which has really given us an opportunity to continue to grow both on the termite and on the pest control sides.
Eddie Northen: Well, so in Q1 and Q2, we enhanced our rollout and a large part of the cost of that are the implementation teams. So, we basically in Q1 and Q2 kind of doubled up our efforts of what we have seen in previous quarters. So, we have contractors that we use for that where we actually have people at each one of the branch locations that are there as trainers that they are going through the implementation phase. So, that’s a large part of the overall expense as we roll this out. And then of course, the actual iPhone kits themselves. So, again in Q1 and Q2, we are doubling up our expense and our efforts there as we are getting those rolled out and that’s how we got to this total of over 5,300 total active users.
Eddie Northen: Yes. So, the iPhones are OpEx, the depreciations for the system. So, the depreciation obviously will continue to build over time. And we will have that full Q3 as you move forward, but the implementation costs should be the part that will be reduced substantially in Q3 and will be eliminated in Q4 and the same thing with the iPhone kits.
Eddie Northen: Joan, if you look at the total revenue through the first two quarters and you compare back to the last three years, we are ahead of the pace of the last three years. So, I think Gary’s word of lumpiness is probably the best way to look at that. Q1 obviously was strong and Q2 not quite as strong as that. But to his point, retention rate is still well in line with where we expect them to be and sales results for service lines are in line as well.
Eddie Northen: Yes. Joan, I think we have had good growth on the residential and on the termite side. And if you take a look at the commercial kind of like our revenue in total, if you look at our commercial year-to-date, we are higher at 3.6% than we were for the full year 2015. So, it’s not growing at the same rate necessarily as the residential or the termite in this quarter, but still well in line if you look at it just from last year’s number.
Eddie Northen: So let me go to your second question first. So we are 95% done with the Orkin brand at the end of the quarter. At this point in time, as I mentioned in my remarks, we are still assessing what we are going to do if anything with the other independent brands. We are going to take a look and see what makes sense from a financial perspective with the changes we would have to make to the system and then what the return would be for those independent brands. So once we get done with this work and at this point in time, we will be done with the iPhone kits as far as the add-on and again we have 5% of total Orkin left. That will be done in Q3 and we won’t have any expense at all in Q4 unless we would make the decision to move forward with one of the other independent brands which of course we will share with you once we know more along those fronts.
Eddie Northen: And when we take a look at – if you take a look at some of those other independent brands and the reason why we are having to go through and do this assessment is because they are very different than Orkin. Some of their business models are different. Some of them are more weighted towards commercial where it may or may not be the same benefits that we would see as an overall more balanced Orkin groups. So that’s what’s going on with that analysis right now.
Eddie Northen: Yes. We didn’t break that out. But I think we are going to be along the same lines of what we saw a year ago when we talked about what the impact was for the entire year. So if you think about what we talked about as far as entire year, we finished everything off through the first two quarters. And then we will go through from there and be able to have virtually nothing in the fourth quarter and much less in the third quarter. The implementation piece is a big piece. It’s going to go away. And we won’t need as many developers to be able to help with the changes that we had to make as we have been rolling this out. So those are all going to be pieces they are going to go into that.
Eddie Northen: It is. It’s very fragmented. I am not sure if it’s to the same exact degree that we have in the U.S., but it’s a very, very fragmented market. And I think we are just going to have this be another one of the opportunity areas that we look at as we are looking at the best way to deploy our cash from an acquisition perspective, as we look around the world.
Eddie Northen: Well, I think when we first looked at BOSS over 2 years ago, they were I am sure a few things that came to everyone’s mind that would be able to benefits to make this, make sense. And I think as we roll, I think a few different things. I think the role of the administrative team and the branches is going to be completely different. We knew they were going to tasks that we are going to be eliminated which had been eliminated. But I think to the degree of how we foresee them being, we are really going to be change that branch administrative person now to become much more customer focused. We are seeing that in the retention rates that I mentioned earlier. I talked about specific numbers on last quarter, but I talked about just in general we continue to see our pest control and our termite control retention numbers continue to get better. And I think those branch service folks as well as service technicians are all going to be able to improve that customer experience, which is going to help us with our retention. And anything that we can do to spend more time with the customer is going to do nothing, but help us with our existing customers and as far as growing our customer base. I think that’s one area. We have talked in previous calls about the routing and scheduling. I don’t know if that was on our radar to the degree that it is today with this virtual route manager as a bolt-on. So I think those are couple of areas that are going to be a key to us as we are moving forward. But the bottom line is, anything we can do to make that customer experience better, we are just going to be better for it and we think both of those pieces are going to enable us to be able to do that.
Eddie Northen: Jamie, from the advertising perspective remember not everywhere in the U.S. has mosquito demand. It’s only in certain areas. I mean everybody has ants, everybody has cockroaches, everybody has other stuff, not everybody has mosquito. To Gary’s point, that he just made I am the personal mosquito customer of ours. And I have lived in this out for many, many, many years and I tried every other off the shelf product that was out there. And it does not hold the candle to this mosquito service. I mean you actually do reclaim your yard at that point of time is that something you are trying to do. And the stats are behind it. I mean it’s our best retention product that we have it over 95%.
