Gary Rollins: Yes. Thank you, Marilyn and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our second quarter 2013 conference call. Harry will read our forward-looking statement and disclaimer and then we’ll begin.
Gary Rollins: Okay. Let me start with HomeTeam. HomeTeam has about I remember the numbers from last year about almost 25% penetration in the market that there in 50 markets across the U.S. While our plan is to concentrate in those markets, the issues is when we look at additional markets it’s not necessarily as warm climate. There is not much pest pressure and based on their experience as they’ve moved North it hasn’t worked as well for them as the sectors that they are in. So right now they deal with all of the large U.S. builders about I think the number was over 40% of their installs so far this year come from the three largest U.S builders. And I think the trend that’s happening in the home building industry for example most of the land has been bought up by the larger home builders, the smaller independent home builders they are having trouble getting financing. And the model seems to be changing where, very likely the larger builders are going to be even more dominant than they have been in the past. So our relationships with and having natural agreements with those the largest U.S. builders should help HomeTeam in the 50 markets they are in. Let’s see other question was plans for capital. Yeah, you are right we have a lot of cash I think when did the quarter was over $19 million in cash and no debt. Our first priority has been for many number of years to find and buy other leading regional and smaller pest control companies we continue to have discussions, build relationships. And we would love to do more pest control acquisition so unfortunately it often is a life changing event that finally brings them to the table. But we’ll continue…for that we’ll continue to be our number one priority. In terms of utilizing that cash if we can’t make acquisitions we review our dividend policy each year in the January Board meeting. And I am sure they will, we have a nice track record I think it’s so many years now 11 consecutive years we’ve increased the dividend minimum of 12.5%. Last year we did have a special dividend. And stock buyback we bought back – we would have love to buy more shares. We only bought back about 178,000 shares this past quarter. Average price we bought was under $25 and the stock went up late in the quarter and we slowed down our purchases. So we’ll continue working, what’s worked for us with the cash. Lastly the positive impact in commercial. The price increase was about $0.06 or 1%, little we gathered a little over $2 million from the pricing action in June. Some of our customers are monthly some every other month so we’ll see how it falls in July plus we’ll get the added benefit from HomeTeam which price increase doesn’t go into effect in July. So the ultimate impact is also is you have to look at what the retention is and the accounts and what not. So it’s kind of hard at this point to project but it should be better than I would think $6 million in total but that’s both commercial and residential and I don’t have the breakdown handy but commercial was more weighted commercial than it was residential this year. I hope that all helps.Sean Kim – RBC Capital Markets: Great, thanks. Thank you for taking all my questions.
Gary Rollins: Good morning, Joe.Joe Box – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Harry just for the record, big pan [inaudible].
Gary Rollins: Well you also have a factor that the average commercial customer pays more than the average residential customer. So when you increase both up 4% you are going to get a larger dollar figure of the commercial account.Joe Box – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Perfect. That’s a great clarification. Thanks guys have a good day.
Gary Rollins: I would expect it percentage wise that the commercial revenue will be growing faster.Jamie Clement – Sidoti & Company: Okay.
Gary Rollins: And I think that some of the things that we are doing with our rate cards and as Harry explained with our making sure that our accounts are priced properly I think is going to give us a boost as far as our revenue is concerned and we have been fortunate in a national account area that we have ramped up our sales force and our success rate there. So I really think that commercial will be growing faster than residential. We will take residential and…Jamie Clement – Sidoti & Company: Yeah no, absolute, I was not asking the question there was no motive behind the question other than you are throwing a stronger housing market it will be interesting to see that will happen with the numbers.
Gary Rollins: In the HomeTeam have off quarters, there is no doubt about that and sometimes the homes are completed in 90 days, sometimes are completed in six months I mean it just depends on there is a lot of variables but we have a pretty good model I mean we know what it was doing when we bought it and we know when it was when the garden kind of came to fruition we know what happens then and the rate of growth is greater than any that they have ever experienced. So it’s going to be interesting to see how that plays out.
Gary Rollins: Well, I am not worried about the competitors, maybe I should be, but I am not. I think if we look at our advertising very carefully we have the ability as I mentioned earlier to relate that to really the weather or the seasonality. We can look at demand surges and relate that to what we are experiencing and frankly we believe that we will be increasing our spend this year based on the early results that we are seeing from our advertising. So I would think that we would be spending a greater percentage on advertising this year, but we found that in the past you can’t spend yourself rich. There is a point of diminishing returns, you can’t stretch your season, you can’t make your season start earlier and you just got to be careful that you are getting a return as far as what you are spending.
Gary Rollins: Okay. Well thank you for joining us today. We look forward to the next quarter and we will continue to work hard to grow and improve our business. Thank you again.
Harry Cynkus: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and other statements that have been made in this call, excluding historical facts, are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual risks may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to today’s press release and our SEC filings, including the Risk Factor section of our Form 10-K for the year-ended December 31, 2012 for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ. Let me now turn the call over to Gary.
Harry Cynkus: I told him about that.Joe Box – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Little disappointed, but look forward to hearing what we get on 3Q.
Harry Cynkus: Yeah, they weren’t down quite 20, I don’t think it was but in the first quarter, yeah, the second quarter it approach double-digit lead growth, I don’t have that data right here.Joe Box – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, perfect. So basically you saw kind of snap back.
Harry Cynkus: Well I can tell you we are not satisfied being less than 5%. So I think a fair answer would be yes. I mean we certainly think that the HomeTeam ramp up is going to contribute, but there is a lag time, the house has to be completed after we do our install, it has to be sold. And then we are contacting the customers for capture. So it’s like kind of planting a garden. But there clearly they are going to be making a bigger contribution going forward. And it’s going to be very interesting to see the result of our commercial price increase and this rate – projects. So I mean we are working on different areas to try to increase the growth rate.Joe Box – KeyBanc Capital Markets: So bottom line it might be somewhat conservative to assume that growth kind of hangs around this, mid to high 4% range.
Harry Cynkus: Yeah.Joe Box – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, great. That’s good color. And then just one clarification on the prior question regarding pricing, did I hear you right that so far you have only generated 6 million of incremental pricing. Doesn’t it typically come in much better than that, can you just…
Harry Cynkus: It is commercial because as I mentioned there were last residential customer is falling into a pool of eligible customers. So the commercial – the residential price increase dollars were quite down 14%-15% from last year but it was more than made up for by the commercial side.
Harry Cynkus: And on the commercial side I saw last week we just sold a substantial national account up in Canada that represents $2 million in annual revenue. So the sales team is selling.Jamie Clement – Sidoti & Company: Okay. Very, very good and Harry I think I would be remiss without just commenting that during that cold stretch of April your outfield just upped and hit 12 home runs, it was only hit $0.04. Take care, thanks a lot for the time.
