Joseph Wolk: Great. Chris, thanks for the question. With respect to net U.S. pharma pricing, what Alex referred to was obviously the experience we had in 2018, which was greater than 6%. As we see it right now, we'll provide some more details in our Transparency Report, which should be out in about 4 to 6 weeks. In terms of going forward, we do expect it to be elevated levels. What I would say is, it's a great testament to the -- just the strength of the innovative portfolio that we have in the Pharmaceutical segment. We grew about 8% for the year, and that is in the face of net price decreases of greater than 6%. We don't predict, obviously, for competitive reasons what they may look like going forward, but we do plan for continued price decreases on a net basis into the future. With respect to XARELTO, yes, I think what you saw in the quarter was some of those pricing dynamics. There was some catch-up with respect to donut hole provisions. To a modest level, some inventory adjustments in terms of the pipeline out there. We are growing our volume. We are gaining prescription share. So we feel good about the brand. And as we move into 2019, we would expect the CAD/PAD indications to be a differentiating factor moving forward to expand not only market share for the brand, but also the market itself as it's going to reach a broader base of patients.
Joseph Wolk: Sure, Larry, and thanks for the question. So no, I don't think anything has fundamentally changed. Although we don't provide guidance by segment, qualitatively, I can say you're directionally correct. We do expect that the -- we have turned the corner in our Consumer business. If you look at the first half growth of about 1.5%, the second half growth of about 5%, we feel really good about the innovative products we have in premium Skin Care. The relaunch of our Baby franchise, as Chris noted in his prepared remarks, is off to a great start. In Medical Devices, we are expecting to see what we've seen throughout 2018, and that's improved quarterly upticks with respect to growth, getting us on that path to what we articulated at Analyst Day in May of being at or above the market in 2020. With Pharmaceuticals, again, I just really think it speaks to the tremendous strength and health of this business. If you think about a $3 billion to $3.5 billion headwind with respect to generic and biosimilar competition and we're still talking about growth, most companies would be talking about contraction, and the dialogue would be when you're going to get back to growth. It really speaks to the health of the business. And whether it's 2% or 3%, Larry, I think once this anniversary, we feel very confident about 2019. But it really portends very strongly for the future outlook of our company longer term. If you take those out, the base portfolio of Pharmaceuticals is still growing up to 2 to 3x the market, which it has done historically. And I can also say, it is a testament to the strength of the broad-based nature of Johnson & Johnson. This is not a statement we could have made a decade ago. So I feel good that we're talking about growth despite a $3 billion to $3.5 billion headwind. I'll turn it over to Alex to talk a little bit about our surgical platform.
Joseph Wolk: Yes. So David, I think that's an astute observation on your part that it isn't the margin expansion that we had in 2018. But again, given that our Pharmaceutical segment enjoys the best margins across all of our businesses and that growth is going to be moderated somewhat in 2019, I think it's a reasonable expectation. We want to continue like we always have to invest for the long term. So 2019 and delivering on these results are very important, but we also want to make sure we're well positioned for 2 to 5 years out as well. And so we're going to take that opportunity to do that. In terms of segment performance, you already have a Pharmaceutical sector that's best in class in terms of their overall margins. Medical Device is still at the top of the peer set as well. We want to continue to invest there to make sure we do accelerate and deliver on those plans to grow at or above market in 2020. And then in Consumer, I would say that's probably our biggest opportunity for margin improvement. We lag the peer set by a little bit there from the midpoint perspective. So we are looking at additional measures. In addition to just being an $80 billion company with the infrastructure, we'll look at some of the complementary services, such as finance, human resources, information technology, to make sure we're being not just effective there, but efficient as well.
Joseph Wolk: Joanne, if I might add, too, that if you look a little bit longer term out, we also are looking forward to the addition of robotic digital capabilities there with our Orthotaxy platform in Orthopaedics.
Joseph Wolk: Yes. So Glenn, thanks for the question. We don't provide quarterly guidance. But what I would say is from an FX perspective, if you think about it, in the first 2 quarters of last year, I would think the average -- let's use the euro spot rate, it was about $1.20 to $1.22. Today, we're standing at something a little bit less than $1.14. So you would expect to see a more pronounced effect in terms of the reported results in the first half of the year. In terms of EPS, I wouldn't think it would be as stark as flat to high single digits, flat in the first half, high single digits in the second half, as you mentioned. I think it'd be a little bit more calibrated, again, a little bit softer in the first half but then a little bit strong in the second half as that spot rate, assuming today's rate holds, is pretty consistent.
Joseph Wolk: Great. Thanks, Vamil. Thanks for the question. So with respect to other income, it's $2 billion, $2.3 billion is what we've guided at this point in time. That is the accounting which we capture royalty income, gains from equity investments we hold through Johnson & Johnson Development Corp. as well as any gains we might have related to divestitures. I would expect that, that would be more of a first half dynamic with respect to some of the divestitures that we have planned. The most notable one would be our sterilization products business, which should happen late first quarter, early second quarter. Again, that's just one component of the overall number. I will remind folks, too, that we have seen these levels in 2015 and 2017. And in the subsequent years, we're very cognizant of managing that. So we take the opportunity when we have other income that's at elevated levels to invest again in the long term, making sure that we're well positioned across all of our segments to influence health care in a positive way, which should result in a better return for shareholders.  With respect to the government shutdown, I would say, yes, esketamine and erdafitinib have breakthrough designation, certainly, with esketamine being a little bit more near term. The PDUFA date has not changed as of yet, so it's March 4. What we did receive information on recently was a delay of an ad board meeting. So we don't think that, that will impact the PDUFA date, but we are monitoring the situation closely. Obviously, the FDA, through their designation of breakthrough status for the drug, realizes the importance that this has for patients who suffer from treatment-resistant depression, who really haven't had a new mechanism of action in better than a couple of decades now. So we hope that, that level of energy on both sides will carry through. We certainly hope both sides come together to reopen the government and end the partial shutdown, but we're monitoring it very closely.
Joseph Wolk: Yes. Thanks for the question, Geoff. I would say we're looking for contracts that make sense. As you know, we've got a very -- I would say best-in-class strategic customer group within our Pharmaceutical unit. We want to make sure that payers understand the value that our medications bring based on outcomes. So we'll continue to change our contracting with the landscape and want to influence how a payment occurs. Again, we do have some outcomes-based pilots out there that -- or across a number of therapeutic areas. We think that's a way that could potentially be a long-term solution. We certainly understand the conversation around pharmaceutical pricing. But again, I'll reiterate what I said earlier with respect to just our strong Pharmaceutical performance. We've got products that make a difference in patients' lives. It is better for the health care system overall, less costly to utilize those therapeutics. And our 8% growth this year was delivered even though we were able to decrease net price 6%.
Alex Gorsky: Sure, Danielle. Alex here. Thank you for your question. First of all, look, we were overall pleased with the continued improved performance that we saw, particularly across our Hospital Medical Devices group. If you look at the Q4 performance for them, it was about 3.6%, which was one of their strongest quarters. And what we saw was really strong growth being driven by Interventional Solutions at over 14%. Our launch with CERENOVUS is almost a 20% growth. We saw really good performance in biosurgicals, up 9%; energy, up about 5%; and wound closure was up over 7%. We did see as well some modest improvement across the Orthopaedics group, particularly in trauma. That was up almost 2.5%, hips around 2% and, as mentioned earlier, also in our spine business. So regarding volumes themselves, we see -- of course, we don't have line of sight yet to all the Q4 data, but it would be our expectation that we would see continued slight improved trends coming out of Q3 overall. And we continue to see very strong performance in emerging markets and in BRIC. For the year, we had about 10% growth across all of our BRIC markets. And by the way, that was consistent across each one of our sectors. China and particularly -- remained particularly strong. In our Medical Device group, we were very pleased both in Hospital Medical Devices but also in our Vision Care business as well.
Alex Gorsky: Hey, Larry. Thanks for the question. Before I talk about Verb though, I'd just like to complement some of the comments that Joe made because we remain extremely excited about our business prospects as we head into 2019. And to put a bit of an exclamation point on Joe's comments, if you look at the underlying strength of our Pharma business, growing in excess of like almost 6%, 7% if we pull ZYTIGA out of it, the number of additional indications that we're going to have across our oncology and immunology platforms, the new product launches with both esketamine as well as erdafitinib that we're expecting this year, again, we think that sets us up not only for very strong performance in the face of significant headwinds in 2019, but also even more accelerated growth in 2020 and beyond. So we remain very confident and optimistic in those opportunities.  And I think consistent with what you've seen happen with us in past years, you'll see that play out as we go through the year. And we'll continue to provide updates as we deliver. Regarding Verb, look, we were just out there, and I had an opportunity to visit but -- myself, Ashley as well as Paul Stoffels, other members of the leadership team. And I think based upon our latest update, we feel frankly even more confident in the progress that we're seeing in this platform. That includes, yes, the robotics, what I'd call the front end, but also the great work that's taking place on the back end, on the system part of it that really represents the transition in robotics into digital surgery. And the progress that, that team has made, I think, over the last 12 months has been very strong. We believe we continue to be on track going forward. And as I mentioned several times, look, you're going to see continued news about our robotics platform over the course of 2020 and beyond. But what's so important about this is we're taking an outlook that digital surgery will be an important dynamic for the next 5, 10 and 15 years. And we want to make sure is that we get out in a timely manner but that we're also out in a manner that ensures we're competitive and ensures ultimately that we're making an even bigger difference in this area as we go forward. And the other aspect of it, which I think you mentioned, is the fact that having options and platforms in General Surgery, minimally invasive surgery but also orthopedics as well, we think is an additional benefit ultimately to the platform that we'll be rolling out. And look, regarding changes in the management team, what I would say is there have been changes in the management team, which we would expect as we begin to transition from a very early startup mode into a prepare-for-launch mode. And what we have done actually over the course of the last 3 months, 3 to 6 months, is bring in additional leadership into Verb that we feel have got the kind of capabilities, the backgrounds and the experiences to ensure that we're successful as we roll out this launch.
Alex Gorsky: Okay, David. Thanks a lot. Just one comment before I answer those questions. I want to pick up on Joe's former comment. I think what's really important about the way that we're managing the business, particularly in 2019, is to both ensure that we're continuing to invest in areas, frankly, that we think are important to our growth going forward while simultaneously managing our P&L in our business, we believe, in a very appropriate way. And so when it comes to additional deal opportunities, for example, the argenx deal with our Pharmaceutical group, we think that's a great investment. I think if you look at the track record of that group and the way that they've been able to perform, especially on those deals where we identify compounds like the CD 70 very early and then create multibillion-dollar platforms, reaching many, many patients with significant unmet need, we think that's a good investment for the future and the same thing in our Medical Device group. Our Medical Device group has, as Joe mentioned, been at the top of their peer group. But when it comes to investments in things like digital, in certain cases, David, as you well know, frankly, we need to improve our performance in other areas. So we have invested additional funds in areas as it relates to just straight-out execution in the field, both in the United States as well as abroad, in places like China. So we will continue to do that to make sure that we deliver in '19. But as important, maybe even more, that we deliver in '20, '21, '22 and beyond. Now as it relates to the other issue regarding the impact on talc, what I would say is it does not have an impact on our long-run strategic look at our Consumer business. And we still believe that there are a lot of good growth opportunities. I think we've demonstrated that in Q4 with the investment that we announced with Dr.Ci:Labo. There are many exciting areas, particularly in the areas like premium beauty, naturals. And by the way, the early signs around Zarbee's in our OTC group are very positive. So we think that those are positives. We're obviously watching the Baby relaunch very closely. As Chris mentioned in his earlier comments, the Johnson's Baby portion of our business was up 7%. And the negative results in Q4 overall for Baby are really related to some things, as he mentioned, regarding DESITIN and some other activities in Q4 of last year, but we're not seeing that in the core Baby performance. And what I would say overall in Medical Device, there is not a change in its ranking in terms of strategic importance. It remains a critical brand for us. As you know, we have over 12 platforms of $1 billion, and over 70% of those were #1 or #2 in the marketplace. I went through earlier areas that we were particularly pleased to see like EP, like biosurgery, like wound closure, energy, some areas in Ortho having positive signs back as well as our Vision Care business. But we realized that there's others that we've got to advance even faster, including robotics and others that we need to continue to turn around, such as the spine, sports, shoulders and other pockets of our business. So -- but we're confident in the leadership and the plans that we have for that business.
Alex Gorsky: Sure, Joanne. Thank you very much for the question. Look, there's a number of reasons why we believe we're going to see improving performance across this platform. Number one, it starts with our knee platform and the continued launch of ATTUNE Revision as well as cementless. We have several additional platforms that we're rolling out that we think will reinforce the profile not only here in North America, but as Chris mentioned earlier, we're seeing very good uptake with ATTUNE on a worldwide basis. And we also have some additional instrument sets that are being launched. And as you know, the cementless section of that market is growing faster. And so we remain confident that those launches are going to help reinforce that platform. In spine, we continue to focus on areas such as severe deformity, degeneration as well as the others. We have a number of new launches that we have coming out including the interbody cage. Biomaterials is an area that's of interest to us as well. In hips, we've continued to see strong performance. We have a few additional launches that we'll be announcing, and you'll be seeing more, particularly as it relates to the Anterior Approach. And as I mentioned, look, we still have some work to do in sports, shoulders and those areas. But we're also confident that, overall, with the 20 to 25 launchers that we'll have taking place in the course of 2018, many of those in the space were, frankly, that were done in the back end of 2018 as we head into '19 will enable us to continue that momentum.
Alex Gorsky: Hey, Joanne. Thank you very much. Look, we're very excited about the partnership that we have with Apple in this area. And we think it does represent what we've been talking about for a while is that next step in introducing digital adaptation almost consumer level and how does that augment what we currently have across our Pharmaceutical, Medical Device as well as our Consumer area. I think it's safe to say that it's still early days, but here's an opportunity to better detect patients who either have the potential for AFib or are experiencing AFib and then, of course, longer term, how they respond to various treatments as well as other support programs that are helping to ensure compliance as well as broader wellness programs as well. So we think this, again, is going to be a great first step for us. We really appreciate the commitment and the time, the resources and the prioritization that Apple has placed on this and the way our teams have worked together. But look, we think that this is likely the first of many steps that you'll see not only in our Pharma space, but again, our Device as well as Consumer space in the years to come.
Alex Gorsky: Geoff, thanks for the question. Look, we're obviously engaged with the administration and a lot of different groups right now in the issue of pharmaceutical pricing. We understand that it's important and it's critical for all of us to do things in a responsible way in this area. We do think that there are some changes around Part D and especially Part D as it relates to out-of-pocket costs that can and should be addressed to alleviate some of the current pressure in the system. Regarding the reference pricing, we do have some concerns with reference pricing overall. At the same time, what I would say is, we regularly track the pricing of our products on a global level, and we can tell you when you take a look at net pricing overall, we think that we're actually quite competitive. But again, we are concerned about unintended consequences around access and innovation as it relates to some of the proposals, but I think it's still early days. And look, we'll continue to work with the government and others to ultimately get the right outcome that ensures that we're going to continue to get a number of great breakthrough therapies at responsible prices and in a transparent and open way.
Alex Gorsky: I just want to thank all of you again for your continued support and confidence in Johnson & Johnson. We're pleased with the performance that we were able to generate over the course of 2018, and we believe that we delivered on all of our priority commitments. But we're even more excited about 2019 for all the reasons that we just outlined and enumerated. So on behalf of the entire leadership team, thank you very much. And I look forward to engaging with all of you in the coming weeks and months.
