Dominic J. Caruso: Right. Well, I guess, Larry, the main factor in the growth rate comparison has to do with LEVAQUIN and CONCERTA. The first quarter, as we mentioned, for the Pharmaceutical business, only at 3% reflects the fact that LEVAQUIN went generic in May or June of 2011, and obviously we entered into that agreement with Watson for authorized generic of CONCERTA in May of 2011. So in the first quarter of 2011, we didn't have those impacts yet so that's the major reason for the comparison. As we progress through the year, those comparisons will be easier. Of course, the comps will be easier. And just as a reminder, we did acquire the Crucell business very late in the first quarter of 2011. So if you look at the entire business and you just exclude the things that I mentioned, sort of generic impacts, the impact of drug-eluting stents that Louise mentioned and also the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures, which netted to be actually a minor amount, the overall growth rate for our business in the first quarter on an operational basis is just about 4%. So we feel pretty confident that we'll accelerate the growth for the remainder of the year.
Dominic J. Caruso: It is, Mike. As I said in my remarks, operating under the Consent Decree, it's difficult to predict the rate of recovery. And although we're making progress and we are operating under a Consent Decree in close cooperation with our third-party consultant who's there with us, it is difficult to accurately predict the speed of recovery. And as such, we are, in fact, behind where we felt we might be at this point. And we expect a slower recovery throughout the year than we previously thought at the tail end of last year. Although products are coming back to the market, they'll continue to come back to the market throughout the year. You'll see more and more of the products back on the shelves, but it will extend into 2013 as well. And as I mentioned earlier, we're also incurring some additional remediation costs as a result of the delays. But all of that has already been factored into the guidance I just provided.
Dominic J. Caruso: Okay. Well, on the divestitures, Jami, let me try to do a little bit better job of explaining what's in that other income and expense line. Typically, that line includes royalty income, which is in the $500 million -- these are pretax numbers. $500 million of royalty income, and then there's roughly another $100 million of other activity that flows through that line. We did expect, as we mentioned, a divestiture to occur early this year, which it did. And that divestiture, as I mentioned earlier, had proceeds of around $350 million. So our current guidance, which is the same as it was in January is for that line item, other income and expense, to be between $900 million and $1 billion. So it factors in the normal run rate that I just mentioned of $500 million to $600 million and this divestiture that we just completed in the first quarter, so hopefully that's clear. And then with respect to the divestiture income, I just wanted to point out that these are taxed at various rates because they occur at various tax jurisdictions. Both the divestiture in 2012, as well as the divestitures that were in the gains in 2011, which included not only a divestiture but an equity gain with respect to our acquisition of Crucell, on an after-tax basis, they're very comparable. They're in the $200 million range both on an after-tax basis. And then with respect to recovery in 2013 and ultimate share recapture, we still feel very confident about our ability to recapture share. We're obviously disappointed that it's taking a little longer to get back into the market. But all indicators of the equity scores that we track with respect to the brands, children's TYLENOL, even adult TYLENOL, continue to show that the brands, both TYLENOL and MOTRIN and especially children's products, continued to score very highly compared to store brands even though they're not available on the shelf, and so much so that the scores are in the neighborhood of 2 to 3x the level of trust and confidence in the brand compared to the current available brands, particularly store brands. So that gives us great confidence that the significant legacy that has been built with these brands over the years still remains with consumers, and they'll accept the products back once we get them back on the shelf in a continuous way.
Dominic J. Caruso: Yes. I would say the way to think about it is that probably half of the products will get back into the market in 2012 and the remaining half in 2013.
Dominic J. Caruso: Actually, no. I think that with the continuation of the remediation that we talked about with the McNeil Consumer business and the fact that we now have the Crucell business in the full year, we would expect gross margin to not be at the low point now and actually be under a little pressure for the remainder of the year. And actually looking at all your models, I noticed that you had -- many of you have that pretty well-pegged as a lower gross margin this year versus last year. So obviously, the improvement in pretax operating margins that we referred to before on Mike's question is going to come mostly from SG&A and a little bit lower R&D spend.
Dominic J. Caruso: Yes. Rajeev, I'm not going to comment specifically about share repurchases. But I will remind you and everyone else that when we spoke about the Synthes transaction, obviously we modeled it in the most conservative way. And we said we would be working to try to finance the transaction in a more efficient manner. We're still exploring all those opportunities and alternatives. We're making good progress, but we're not able to really comment on that until very close and probably at the time of closure, at which point we'll give you a full picture on how the transaction is being structured differently from the way it was announced, if it is in fact differently structured. So other than that, I can't give you any more comments at this point.
Dominic J. Caruso: I think we just have to wait and get all the regulatory approvals in line and then the various alternatives we have considered will then be clear for us. And then we'll move forward on that basis. So it will be premature to comment any further now.
Dominic J. Caruso: Yes, I guess I don't have a good estimate of that. We're going to -- we’ve filed or will be filing that. And then as Louise mentioned, if it's not accepted, we intend to appeal.
Dominic J. Caruso: So the EU has posted on their website April 26, and we're not aware of any changes to that. And the U.S. has not established a review deadline.
Dominic J. Caruso: Right. Okay. Well, with respect to the Consumer business and the divestitures and acquisitions, just to give you a quick summary of that, they actually net out to have very little impact this quarter because remember, we had some divestitures of MONISTAT and other brands, but we also acquired DOKTOR MOM and other brands. So overall, that 0.6% decline operationally nets out to be about 0.5% decline operationally, net of all the ins and outs. So that's not a major factor in the quarter. We did see some slowdown in the Asia Pacific region and particularly China. China had some issues with ingredients that had been well-publicized that are not new issues, just another recurrence of some issues there in China, that slowed down the growth in that region of the world. And we continue to see store brands, obviously, take share and hold on to share. I would say that the skin care business, which is where we're demonstrating most of the innovation in our Consumer business continues to show very positive growth and continues to do very well, so very pleased with that. So overall, flattish performance in the quarter is a little bit lower than it was coming out of last year. But principally due to the fact that we haven't had the recovery yet that we expected and a little bit slower growth in the China market.
Dominic J. Caruso: Right. So we've got to complete the response letter, and obviously, we have an approvable letter. And we need to respond to the requirements of the approvable letter. And they're mostly things involving training of utilization of the product, and then sort of postmarket observance and those sorts of things. So we want to get that lined up and get it ready for launch in the appropriate way after we respond to the FDA's questions. But no new clinical studies required for approval, for example, just a follow-up to the data we had previously provided and some development of training materials and the like.
Dominic J. Caruso: Matt, I think with our new outlook for remediation cost being slightly higher than we previously mentioned, I think that we're going to see gross margin be under pressure for the remainder of the year. I think I answered that question earlier when Matt Dodds asked it. So I don't think there's going to be significant leverage in that line this year. Remember that this year, we also said we expected significant pricing issues in the business. And we're seeing that, stronger declines in pricing than we saw the previous year. And all of that, including the increased remediation costs, are now reflected in the updated guidance, which although it's consistent essentially with previous guidance, takes into consideration these more negative factors, offset by the fact that the rest of the business is off to a good start.
Dominic J. Caruso: Yes. So I think R&D will be a little higher in future quarters and it has to do with not necessarily delayed milestone payments, just the timing of milestone payments under various agreements that we have. Wherein previous quarter, we would have had milestone payments under contract, in this quarter, no such significant milestone payments were due. So I don't want you to think there's any delays in the program. It's just timing of when the programs and our milestone payments kick in. So that will go up a little bit throughout the year.
Dominic J. Caruso: Yes. The data I was referring to was Q4 data. We don't really feel that the Q1 data is that reliable this early. But we have pretty good data on Q4. And we saw across all segments of utilization, whether at the hospital surgical procedures, ambulatory procedures, physician visits, lab procedures, et cetera, all positive signs. Although modest, I will say, positive signs so that's what I meant by we were encouraged by the Q4 data.
Dominic J. Caruso: Yes. Well, the way we looked at it, Matt, is it's the first time, for example, for hospital surgical procedures, it's the first quarter in 9 quarters that we saw a quarter-to-quarter uptick in surgical procedures.
Dominic J. Caruso: Yes. Well, with utilization -- the data in Europe’s obviously more difficult to nail down than it is in the U.S. Most of the FX that we saw in MD&D in Europe have to do with exiting the drug-eluting stent business so that's really the primary driver of the international dropoff that you're referring to. The austerity measures, we did expect and are seeing a little bit higher level of basically pricing, negative pricing in the businesses, both Pharma and MD&D, as we expected when we set guidance for the year. So we're seeing a continuation of that as playing out as we thought at a bit higher level than we saw in the previous year. And then finally, with respect to receivables in Europe, we're monitoring that very closely. We think we have a pretty good handle on it. And we are seeing some slight increase in the aging of those receivables, but nothing that we don't have a good handle on right now, nothing that we're particularly concerned about at the moment. But we'll obviously continue to monitor it and put appropriate actions in place.
Dominic J. Caruso: Right. Well, obviously, the decision on selecting the next CEO is the board's decision. So I'm not at liberty to comment on the board's rationale. We're obviously very pleased that Alex is going to be our new CEO. He officially takes over on April 26, which is the date of our annual shareholders' meeting. He will take over the CEO role from Bill Weldon at that point. And as you probably all know, Bill will remain as Chairman of our board. You're absolutely right that we do have a deep bench, and Sheri is and was a very valued member of our company and a very strong contributor to the success of Johnson & Johnson over the years. But of course, Sheri decided to pursue another opportunity at a very high senior level in another publicly traded company. So we obviously wish her well. I would say in terms of major changes, our business and our philosophy has been tried and true. Our business has run under a philosophy that's been tried and true for many years. And Alex, as you know, has been with our company for many years and even left and came back to our company. So he has seen other companies in operation as well. I would say that our core principles of managing for the long term, of our decentralized management philosophy being broadly based in human health care, and most importantly, the value system that's embodied in our credo, I certainly don't expect to see any changes there. These are the core principles in which our business has been operated under for many, many years, and obviously, the underpinning of our success. So we’re looking forward to Alex taking over on April 26. And I personally look forward to working closely with Alex to continue the success of our company.
Dominic J. Caruso: Right. Well, of course, it's a range, right? So 100 to 150 basis points. We do feel comfortable that with our new outlook for the year, we'll still be able to achieve that in 2012 across each of the lines. I think that, overall, the cost of products sold line will be slightly lower than it was in 2011 at the end, although it will get slightly worse throughout this year. So hopefully, I didn't confuse you when I mentioned that earlier. We do still expect to see improvement across all lines in the P&L. And throughout the year, we may see a slight dip in gross margin with the remediation cost. But overall, we do expect it to end up being slightly lower than it was the prior year. And certainly, we're comfortable with that range of 100 to 150 basis points overall.
Dominic J. Caruso: Sure. So that product we expect to file, Louise, relatively shortly now in the second quarter for type 2 diabetes. So we're very pleased there. And I don't know what else I could tell you. We're going to file pretty soon.
Dominic J. Caruso: You said -- was your question what was the negative impact that offsets some of the better performance in knees to result in flat? Well, what we saw is a little bit worse pricing actually in the spine market. So pricing was in the mid-single digits. And it looked like it got a little bit worse in the first quarter of 2012.
Dominic J. Caruso: No, not really. I think we do these acquisitions with a long-term view. And as you remember, the acquisition had many positive strategic benefits, most notably, the ability to enter the emerging markets with hip and knee platforms as a result of having a strong presence in the trauma market, which is essentially the major driver of orthopedic activity in those markets so that still remains the same. And obviously, Synthes, as you know, is a very innovative and well-run company. So we're pleased to be able to welcome them shortly into the family of companies.
Dominic J. Caruso: Yes. I think the only thing, Bob, that we can look at with some confidence in the data is the Q4 data. So obviously, we'll update you throughout the year and let you know what we see. But it's too early to comment on first quarter data.
Dominic J. Caruso: Well, on share, it's too early for us to comment until we see the results from other folks. I should have added that the overall, little bit further decline in price was a factor of mix. So actually the overall price decline in the first quarter of '12 was comparable to the fourth quarter of '11 at mid-single digits, but we saw a little bit worse product mix impact in Q1 2012 that we saw compared to the fourth quarter of '11, and that made the overall comparison, price/mix comparison, a little worse in the first quarter of '12. Hopefully, that's clearer now.
Dominic J. Caruso: Yes, I think overall, utilization is starting to stabilize, meaning that we're not seeing the rapid declines that we saw and the continual declines, and the data that I mentioned earlier overall in procedure volumes was encouraging. Although I must say, it's modest and it's really just one quarter. So we're happy to see a turn, but it is one data point, so we'll have to wait and see how it plays out in the future quarters. So I wouldn't read too much into it just this early in the year.
Dominic J. Caruso: Yes, there isn't anything structural. R&D will build throughout the remainder of the year as it usually does. And as I mentioned earlier, the timing of milestone payments with our licensing and collaboration partners has a factor -- is a factor in that particular expense category. And compared to last year, first quarter of 2011, really 2 factors. One is the timing of milestone payments that occurred in first quarter '11 and no such comparable payments in the first quarter of '12. And remember that it wasn't until middle of 2011 that we stopped the drug-eluting stent development program. And so there was some lower R&D spend as a result of no DES development in 2012.
Dominic J. Caruso: Okay. Thanks, Louise, and thank you, everyone. As I said earlier, we're off to a good start in Q1 and we're in line with our own expectations. We remain very optimistic for the remainder of the year, and we see further opportunity for growth as the global economy stabilizes. And as our new products, our robust pipelines and our core businesses continue addressing the critical unmet health care needs of patients and customers, I remain confident in our prospects for the year, thanks to the dedication, focus and integrity of the people of Johnson & Johnson. And I look forward to updating you all on our progress throughout the year. Thanks for your time this morning, and have a wonderful day.
Louise Mehrotra: Yes. So the commentary we got from DePuy said that they are seeing early signs of some positive trends in the knee market. However, we won't know for sure until all the other manufacturers report.
Louise Mehrotra: Okay. So you're correct, Mike, it did include the information up until the end of last year. I think it was November of last year. I don't believe that you're going to see the continuing trend on the overall survival at ASCO. You'll see the results as we have them right now.
Louise Mehrotra: Yes. So sutures were up about 0.5% in the quarter. Mechanical was down about 3% and we saw a large decline in the pelvic floor area.
Louise Mehrotra: So XARELTO is on about 90% of the formularies. It's in either a Tier 1 -- or sorry, Tier 2 or Tier 3. So for commercialized, it's over 90% coverage, about 40% is Tier 2 and about the remaining 50% is Tier 3. And Part D, 90% coverage and 2/3 is on the preferred tier.
Louise Mehrotra: Actually, for our business, it was actually one less selling day because we work on a 4-4-5 basis. But we're not a calendar year, but it had no to minimal effect.
Louise Mehrotra: So if you exclude SterilMed from specialty surgery -- so specialty surgery grew 10%, 9.9% operationally -- it would be about 6%, excluding SterilMed.
Louise Mehrotra: And one thing, Kristen, we did divest the surgery business, the DePuy neurosurgery instruments, in the fourth quarter. If you took that out, we actually would have grown about 1% so that's something that's different in the first quarter.
Louise Mehrotra: Yes. So it's primarily in the mechanical business, and it's to do with low-cost competition, as well as the move to minimally invasive surgeries.
Louise Mehrotra: Yes. So the question on the countries where it's launched, it's Germany, France, the Alpine countries, Nordics, Iberia, U.K. and Israel. And then the pricing discussions, they're still ongoing, but it's in the range of about EUR 25,000 per course.
Louise Mehrotra: It seems to be a consistent commentary that we're receiving from the company. But that particular detail, I don't have, David, sorry. We will now get some final remarks from Dominic.
