Paul Stoffels: Okay. Yes, let me take the first question. We are working very closely both with FDA CDC as well with EMA and the PRAC, on addressing your first question on risk and whether there will be guidance. And we'll work closely if that comes out in the course of the week to implement that globally. But also restore the confidence in the vaccine. It's an extremely rare event. We hope by making people aware as well as putting clear diagnostic and therapeutic guidelines in place that we can restore the confidence in our vaccine.
Paul Stoffels: Yes. From the beginning, we selected BCMA CAR-T based on its double binding and that has yield a superior profile with -- in the high 90s overall response rates as well as very high MRD-negativity rates and lasting effect. And so, we think this CAR-T is very strongly positioned in the market and hope to get approval in the second half of the year.
Paul Stoffels: So thank you for the question on immunology. Look, I'm not going to comment on the safety of the oral JAK inhibitors. What I can tell you is that we have a very strong and robust pipeline in immunology driven by our three existing assets; Symfony, Stelara and Tremfya. Stelara and Tremfya had very strong quarters with close to 40% growth in Tremfya and 15% in Stelara. In Stelara, we continue to grow share in GI both in Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis. And Tremfya is the first and only IL-23 that does have both indications PSA and PSO and it's continued to gain share in both areas. Moving forward, we are excited about our possibilities in immunology with our oral agents. As you mentioned one, we have two in Phase 2. One of them is a pan-JAK oral that we think could be important. We'll have to see the data. And broadly in immunology, we also are excited about the possibilities of nipocalimab, which is our FcRn antibody in pathways that are auto antibody-mediated with very rare diseases that could create a pipeline in a product. So for us, immunology remains a core area of growth and focus and we believe we are in a very strong position to continue to drive growth in the coming years, but even beyond 2025 too.
Joe Wolk: And Chris with respect to financial guidance, there is nothing in our future outlook with respect to that at this point in time. So we will -- when it's warranted certainly provide updates. Right now we're just commenting to what was actually experienced in the first quarter. Thanks for your question.
Joe Wolk: Sure. Thanks Larry. Thanks for the question. And as usual you have all the numbers at the ready there. So I think I got them all down. But I think the real short story is that I would say, on 10% sales growth, we're going to grow earnings about 18%. And so given the early nature of the year, we challenged our leadership teams and each of our segments and across our functions to see what we can invest today to benefit the future. So I'd much rather hold back $0.05 today in hopes of giving $0.10 or $0.15 next year or the year after. And that's really how we're looking at it. As we -- we have many great opportunities -- and hopefully, you noticed in our P&L, the increase in R&D investment year-over-year by $600 million. You saw the same trend last year for the full year. We're going to look to see that those opportunities, given we already started the year with very strong expectations, if some of those opportunities don't come to fruition, we'll certainly be happy to revise guidance upward later on this year. But right now, we thought that was the best course of action to solidify the long term.
Joe Wolk: Yes. Thanks for the questions, Bob. With respect to the impact of, I'd say, COVID-19 vaccine investing, in the quarter, it was, let's call it, between $0.05 and $0.10 for the quarter. I'm not overly concerned about that because, as you heard from Paul, we are going through the rigor of the scientific reviews. It appears that there is a very path forward that we'll find out about here in the next couple of days. And we're going to do all we can to make sure that that important solution to address the global pandemic gets back into the marketplace. So, we think we'll recover that, even in the not-for-profit model. With respect to pricing and dynamics, I think you're probably correct in your initial assessment that it's a bit early. But let me turn it over to Joaquin to give you some thoughts that we have on that topic.
Joe Wolk: Yes. Thanks for the follow-up Josh. You know as you can imagine, it is very fluid. But there's nothing in the guidance today that should give analysts or investors concern about any downside with respect to this. Again, we're hope -- we're cautiously hopeful that there is a very viable path forward. We'll learn a lot more in the next couple of days through the regulators. We'll let the process play out, but investors should feel very comfortable with our EPS guidance to protect against any downside that may be envisioned, although I don't see that as likely at this point.
Joe Wolk: That's a good point, Chris. And I think this is going to be a choppy year so we have to look selectively at year-on-year comps. And if you just look at, let's call, what was a normal quarter at least as we knew it back in the first quarter of 2019 you look at our respective businesses. You have -- consumer is up about 8% this quarter versus first quarter of 2019. So again that suggests a strong underlying business. Pharmaceuticals is up about 17.5% and medical devices is approaching 4% on that same comparison. But I would say that's a very strong 4% when you consider we still have as you heard in our commentary many delayed procedures or paused elective procedures in the marketplace which simply didn't exist in the first quarter of 2019. So across all three parts of our business, I think, there's a real good takeaway there that the business is healthy and strong. You couple that with the investment we continue to make in R&D at elevated levels, I would hope folks feel really good about not just our performance of today but our future performance on the horizon.
Joe Wolk: Great, Louise. Thanks for the questions. I will address tax reform as best I can. Obviously that's a fluid situation. Then I'll turn it over to Joaquin and Paul for your other questions. With respect to tax reform, we've shared a lot of rhetoric about a race to a bottom. I don't know why folks are anxious to have a race to the top in terms of rates either. And I can give you one example in one industry and that's Johnson & Johnson where when tax reform was passed in 2017 we committed to increasing our investment in the US by 15% over the upcoming four years versus the preceding four years. We are on track to actually invest about 25% more in the US over that four year period. And that's more than $30 billion. Now what does that mean in terms of the US economy? It means more jobs. I mean, we -- as Johnson & Johnson employ 3,000 more people today than we did before the passage of the 2017 act. So, I think when you look at where the US sits with respect to OECD countries, right now we're at the middle of the pack, maybe even skewing a little bit toward the bottom in terms of competitiveness. If we were to raise rates even to 25% and you include tax from states, we become the highest-rated developed country in the world with respect to tax rates. So, I think it's something that we need a little more fact-based dialogue on and making sure that we remain competitive, that the US becomes a source of innovation across all industries. And we don't floor the innovation and competitive spirit that has been successful over the recent times, even in addressing many of the concerns and solutions with respect to COVID-19 we've seen in the past year where many US-based companies have stepped up. Joaquin, let me turn it to you to -- just the other items.
Joe Wolk: Yes. Maybe Terence just to pile on to what Joaquin outlined there with the strength of our pipeline. So in pharmaceuticals, specifically, we're looking at 10 new filings that could be new products or indications in 2021, 13 in 2022 and 26 in 2023. So you can see that R&D investment incrementally paying off. With respect to your second question regarding supply, I want to be respectful of the process by which the regulators are going through. We are remediating what we need to remediate. We think that will lend itself to a positive outcome and should put us in a position to meet all of our contractual commitments as they stand today. But let's be respectful of the process and let that play out. We're going to do all we can and provide that effort. As you know and as you've heard in the press we do have some of our best personnel on the -- on-site at Emergent. So they're benefiting from our expertise and we should know more in the next couple of days.
Alex Gorsky: Hey, Larry. Thank you very much for your questions. This is Alex. Why don't I go first and look before I respond directly to your question, I just want to give a special shout-out to all of our frontline heroes, especially the 50,000 plus or minus associates of Johnson & Johnson who have been consistently going to work putting on their masks on the supply room floor, on the shop floor manufacturing and really enabling us to continue to serve patients and consumers around the world throughout this pandemic. Two; a very special recognition to the doctors, the scientists, the engineers who have not only been working diligently on our approach to COVID-19, but also to keep our ongoing innovation portfolio on track, and we're very thankful to them. And last but not least, all of our associates who really worked in a very agile flexible and dedicated way throughout this period. I think our results overall today demonstrate that in spite of a lot of variability, unpredictability the Johnson & Johnson remains a very consistent and in fact stronger performer today than we were even a year ago. If you look at our competitive position whether its market share on all of our major $28 billion plus platforms, if you look at our pipeline, progress and development, we clearly have continued to make progress in spite of a lot of other dynamics. So giving specifically to your question on medical -- or medical device marketplace what we would say is, we're seeing continued improvement through the first quarter. If we look at the last couple of weeks of March in the United States, most of the major systems were somewhere in the range of 90% to 105% of their performance back in 2019. If we look across Europe, of course, there's a bit more variability. Markets in Italy, for example, have lagged given the outbreak of COVID-19. In the UK, where you're seeing other markets return more than 90% to 100% range, although, we have continued to see month-to-month and even week-to-week progression across those major markets. As was alluded to in the earlier comments, we would expect that to begin to change in a pretty significant way in the second quarter. Not only as we see more vaccinations, but of course the year-on-year comparisons. And again, what I'd like to highlight is the strong performance across almost all of our medical device platforms. If you take a look at vision surgery up 11%, if you take a look at our EP business up 26%, our surgery business was well up in the double-digits across whether it was energy, biosurgery or endomechanical. Orthopedics particularly large joints, we saw lags slightly, but we know that these are more elective procedures. We feel we remain competitive and we're quite excited about our VELYS launch as well as our fixed-bearing cementless options as well. So we remain confident and actually quite optimistic for our ongoing improvement performance in our medical device sector, as we head through the remainder of the year. Joe, I'll hand it over to you for the question on EPS phasing.
Alex Gorsky: Hey, Joanne, this is Alex. Thank you very much for your question. Look, in Vision Care overall, we think our performance was solid. We have seen the contact lens business in the surgery business be significantly impacted over the course of 2020. We have seen gradual improvement in the back end of last year and as we started out the first part of this year. We think our Vision Care, our contact lens business is in very good shape. We think our share position is stable to increasing. And we think we've seen, definitely, an improving position in our vision surgery business, part of that being comps, but also part of it due to new innovation launches that were mentioned earlier in Chris and Joe's comments. And we believe that our lineup for new lenses, whether it's our anti-allergy lens or multi-focal and contact lenses, and the improvement that we're seeing in our surgery business will continue to bear out in stronger performance and share gains through the year. Regarding orthopedics, as noted in our comments, we saw very strong performance, for example, in our trauma business, growing in excess of 9%. We saw good rollout in our hip business at about 3.5%. And as I mentioned in my comments, knees, which we think are, perhaps, the most elective of the procedures in terms of being able to delay, we're lagging somewhat. But the indicators are that we would expect and based upon some of the surgical planning reports that we saw, especially through the end of first quarter, that looks as though performance for second quarter and third quarter should be on good trends. And we expect that to improve as patients gain confidence to go back into the hospitals and we see systems work their way through backlogs and, of course, in our business being global, as we see Europe come more back online as well following vaccinations as we move through the second and third quarters. Thank you.
Alex Gorsky: Hey, Danielle, this is Alex. Thanks a lot for your question. We do there expect to see improving trends in our medical device arena. If we take a look at the first quarter, there was some irregularity just based upon what we are seeing with the virus on a global basis in January versus February and March. But overall, it's clear to us that we're seeing improving trends. And as Joe alluded to in his earlier comments, we would expect that just given year-on-year comps plus what we're seeing underlying both in the United States and Europe in terms of procedure scheduling, confidence in returning to the hospitals and overall surgical volumes. We would expect those to improve through the second and third quarter of this year.
Alex Gorsky: Thank you, Danielle. Look as Paul said, our goal remains ensuring that all drug substance for our COVID-19 vaccine meets our high-quality standards and at the same time that we secure Emergency Use Authorization for the drug substance manufactured at the Emergent Bayview facility. At this time, as we continue in discussions with the FDA, it is premature to speculate on any potential impact that this may have on our timing of our vaccine deliveries. So we will expect to work with the FDA, to work this inspection this -- to close this inspection this week and then we will work with the FDA and Emergent to address those inspections findings. But at this time, it would be premature to speculate on any potential impact that this could happen our delivery timing.
Alex Gorsky: Sure, Matt. Thanks a lot for the question. Look Matt, overall, I wouldn't read too much into just these recent results regarding a significant shift overall in our portfolio. I mean, we remain very committed and optimistic about the underlying unmet need and demand across our surgical portfolio, our orthopedics portfolio and our vision care portfolio. But as we alluded to earlier, there are some procedures that in terms of your ability to defer and how elective they truly are that may have a near-term impact on timing. So look overall, if we look at our underlying trends not only versus 2020, but as was noted earlier also versus 2019, we're seeing growth rates consistent overall with what we see for this market. We think this market has the opportunity to grow at about the 5% range over the long-term. And we've been very explicit in our goal to grow at or faster than the markets where we compete. That's number one. Number two, we're actually very excited about some of the opportunities that we have for launches. I think, in total, we have more than 21 major launches lined up in our medical device business for this year. We mentioned specifically in the knee area VELYS as well as our ATTUNE cementless fixed bearing, which we think will offer us a real competitive opportunity to generate additional growth in that area. The QDOT MICRO is another great add-on in our EP business that is already growing in excess of 20%. And if you look across our EndoMech, our energy business here too we've got really nice add-on innovations as well as throughout our vision care portfolio. And of course, longer-term the significant opportunity that we see in digital surgery that team has continued to make very solid progress. And we're excited about the long-term prospects there as well. So, now overall, we see a lot of opportunity across our medical device portfolio.
Alex Gorsky: Sure. Well, look I -- we believe that we're in a very, very early innings of digital, Matt. And first of all, if we just look at the overall penetration rate of digital surgery, it's about 10% in the United States. It's just a couple of percent on a global basis. And so we think, if you consider the overall trends of how technology can be utilized in some of these procedures, if you take a look at our global footprint, we think we will be well positioned there in the long-term. As you mentioned our team has continued to make good progress. We said from the very beginning, look we're building this for the decades, we're not just building this for the next quarter. And we're optimistic about the progress that team has been making to ensure that we've got a platform that one can truly make a difference for patients in surgery; that two that's differentiated; and three that also allows us to integrate not only the robotics aspect, but also the digital component that we think long-term can truly help show very significant differences in surgical outcomes. And also just to give you one example of an application. We mentioned this before, but in Johnson & Johnson right now, I think this exemplifies the unique nature of our diverse portfolio. Several years ago we embarked on something that we call the lung cancer initiative. And as we know, unfortunately, lung cancer continues to kill more people than just about any other type of cancer. And we know that -- all too often patients are diagnosed far too late in the process. And we are quite excited about an early application with Monarch where we're not only able to go out and potentially do a diagnostic procedure through bronchoscopy to identify for example lung nodules, but we're working right now on how can we deliver oncolytic agents, viruses and other immune-type agents locally. And how could we really think about the treatment paradigm being shifted in the way that we fundamentally think about lung cancer by combining pharma, medical device some of these technologies in very new, unique and innovative ways. So still much more work to be done, but we're very excited about some of the early prospects that we've seen thus far. And again, I think, it exemplifies, kind of, our unique position to bring these different clinical development, discovery as well as regulatory capabilities and eventually commercial together.
Alex Gorsky: Well let me end where I began, first of all, by thanking all of you for your insightful questions and your ongoing support; two and also by thanking all of our associates at Johnson & Johnson almost 140,000 who have been working 24/7, particularly, over the last 15 months during this pandemic period. We appreciate your ongoing interest and your support and look forward to updating you at our next quarterly call. Thank you very much and have a great day.
Chris DelOrefice: Yes. Maybe just one add-on as it relates to Bob's question and Josh your question too. I mean just keep in mind when you look at our underlying performance right, pharm is a segment which was less impacted top-line strong above market. And we continue to improve margins there as well. And you did see margin improvement as well in consumer. So while there's certainly many impacts from COVID year-over-year, I think when you really look underneath the underlying results there's strength both on the top-line and bottom-line that's factored when you look at this year.
Chris DelOrefice: Great. Thanks. And then just real quick to build on Alex's comment maybe just to give you a little bit of color. We're obviously looking at procedures closely surgical procedures imaging as well. Diagnostics is actually outpacing surgical procedures accelerated through the quarter. It's almost in line with where we were pre-pandemic. So that's a positive sign, although the situation of course remains fluid. And then many important procedures such as colorectal again sequentially improved through the quarter and actually grew year-over-year. So again, we're seeing positive signs across. And I think you saw that in our results and pockets of our businesses advanced surgery for example growing over 14%. So we're continuing to look at everything. The situation remains fluid, but there's definitely positive signs on the trends that we're seeing. Thanks, Danielle. Rob, next question please.
Chris DelOrefice: And thanks to everyone for your questions and continued interest in our company. Apologies to those we couldn't get to because of time, but don't hesitate to reach out to the investor relations team as needed. I'll now turn the call back to Alex just for some brief closing remarks.
