Joaquin Duato: Okay. So it continues to move in the right direction, given the enhanced convenience and ease of use for the patient that our subcu formulation offers. So DARZALEX is doing very well, and we feel very confident about the continuous progression of DARZALEX. On the other hand, we are also proud of the commercial launch of CARVYKTI in the U.S. following FDA approval and also the recent approval of CARVYKTI in EMEA. And together with that, to complement the strength of our myeloma franchise, we have received recently two breakthrough designations on our CD3 redirectors, one for teclistamab and another one for talquetamab. So we are proud to have a very comprehensive myeloma franchise that, due to its breadth, will enable us to award to try to convert myeloma into – from an uncurable disease to a chronic disease and potentially when they occur by sequencing and combining this treatment. So great idea of strength for the Pharmaceutical business of Johnson & Johnson, and it’s an area that connects on how we are executing in our pipeline and progressing and what we discussed in our November R&D Day, where we portray our Pharmaceutical pipeline as one of the important drivers of us being able to achieve a $60 billion number in 2025. So it’s a good sign of how we are progressing in our pipeline and in our existing portfolio with DARZALEX.
Joaquin Duato: Thank you, Chris. And let me start with the M&A question first, and then Joe will address the operating margin question. So M&A has always been an important component of Johnson & Johnson innovation, as I was talking in the past 5 years, we executed about 40 acquisitions, some major licensing agreements, investing over $16 billion. And specifically in our Pharmaceutical business, about half of our innovation, it’s coming sourced externally. So when we look at M&A, we took – we take a strategic approach. The first thing we try to look at is what is the improvement in the standard of care that we are looking in that particular opportunity and to what extent it enables us to get into higher growth markets. And we are agnostic about which sector. So we try to look at those opportunities in the context of the improvement in standard of care, entering to higher-growth markets and delivering a fair financial return. So as we look at the opportunities today in the market, we are not opportunistic about it, and we are still looking always at the fundamentals of these companies. And obviously, there are different opportunities in the market that are interesting and can complement our existing franchises or built into adjacencies. When it comes to MedTech, the focus continues to be strengthening our current strongholds and also accessing some high-growth market segments to accelerate growth. And the target areas are the ones that we are operating today: high health orthopedics, cardiology, surgery, Historically, it’s been a predictor of our success to the extent we were closer to the areas that we have capabilities. When it comes to pharmaceuticals, we are looking at our key therapeutic areas: immunology, oncology, neuroscience, pulmonary hypertension and also cardiovascular and metabolics. So we are agnostic, as you know, at the source of innovation, and we use multiple modalities to onboard innovation from acquisitions to equity investments to strategic collaborations. So down the road, we continue to see M&A as an important source of building our pipeline and also fortifying our current portfolio and we are now in a position that, for the first time, right, Joe, in the last 5 years, we’re in a cash-neutral position. And we continue to look at the opportunities that are out there, and we will continue to do it.
Joaquin Duato: When it comes to hospital volumes and the trajectory of MedTech in general, right. Overall, our MedTech business delivered 6% competitive growth in the first half of 2022 and delivered just over 1% sequential operational growth Q2 versus Q1. So, that is in the middle of the market headwinds due to mobility restrictions inflation and supply challenges. So, a very resilient performance of our J&J MedTech business. The fundamentals of our business remain strong and competitive, and we continue to see market share positive trajectory in nearly all of our 11 priority platforms in which we are maintaining or gaining share in the most recent period of Q1 2022. And we see also good progression in our pipeline and new products launched. Overall, for the market, when we are talking about the market specifically, we saw improvements in procedure volume in North America, in EMEA and in Lat-Am. That remain above pre-COVID levels through the quarter. So, that was the positive side. On the other hand, we saw the impact of regional mobility restrictions in Asia Pacific. Moving forward, we estimate that we will have a continuous improvement in the second half of the year due to continued market recovery and also our own competitive momentum while, at the same time, we are going to continue to monitor the COVID-19 dynamics and the mobility restrictions in Asia Pacific.
Joaquin Duato: Thank you for the question. And milvexian, it’s an important component of our pipeline. As a matter of fact, when we met with you in November, milvexian was one of the five medicines that we estimated we are going to continue peak sales of about $5 billion. That was together with CARVYKTI, milvexian, nipocalimab, amivantamab plus lazertinib and our Auris platform. So, those were the five medicines that we are going to contributing – to contribute more than $5 billion. And clearly, milvexian, it’s an important one in that context. We are developing milvexian, as you know, in collaboration with BMS, and we see this as an important opportunity to improve the standard of care in the current indications for oral anticoagulants, which are very large. And they are easily to be estimated because you know where they are used today, but also the potential to expand into areas in which today, oral anticoagulants are not used to bleeding concerns. So, we see a very significant market opportunity for milvexian as an improvement of this category versus the Factor Xa. So, there are two Phase 2 studies that are assessing the potential of milvexian to reduce their risk of cardiovascular events. One is the one of total knee replacement. Data on that one was presented earlier in 2021. And the second one, which I guess is the one you are referring to, is the one in secondary stroke prevention, which we want to determine whether the addition of milvexian through aspirin and clopidogrel is more effective than standard anti-plated [ph] therapy in secondary stroke prevention. The data, as you know, is already in-house, and we expect to present it in a medical meeting in 2022. Specifically, I think it’s at the end of August in a European cardiology meeting. And at that point, we shall see. But for us, if the data pans out, obviously, milvexian could have a very significant market opportunity that goes beyond the existing Factor Xa plus.
Joaquin Duato: Yes. Thank you, Josh, and thank you for the question on MedTech because it gives me an opportunity to talk more about the performance of the MedTech business. And a couple of aspects there. One is the current performance and then how we are improving our market share and commercial execution and also our new product introduction and our pipeline progression. So, in the first half of the year, I just commented that our group has a competitive growth of 6%. It’s also underlying by our growth in the first quarter of 8.6%. We will see how the rest of the sector performs in this quarter, but our growth in the first half of the year was a competitive growth with 6%. So, in that sense, my view is that we are already getting competitive growth rates in MedTech with 6% in the first half of the year. The growth rate in the second quarter has to be also put into perspective in the fact that the comparison with the second quarter of 2021 is a difficult one. MedTech grew 59% in the second quarter of 2021. And also there was some impact of the mobility restrictions in Asia Pacific. So, we are improving our commercial execution and improving our pipeline. In the commercial execution, the data that we have from the first quarter shows that we are maintaining or gaining share in 10 of our 11 largest platforms. So, that’s a good indication that the recovery is in play. And on the new product pipeline, there is many exciting new developments that we are getting to market, starting with the fact that our MONARCH robotic platform has received 510 clearance for urology indications, which are going to open a new market for us in kidney stones. We have now enrolled the first patient in our electrophysiology pulse field ablation study, which is going to give us another innovation in our very successful electrophysiology business. We just launched our new Stapler ECHELON 3000, which is a digitally enabled device that comes also with significant evidence on how it improves patient outcomes in the cerebrovascular franchise. We just launched EMBOGUARD Balloon Catheter, which is designed to optimize the removal of blood clots in ischemic stroke and reducing time. So, there is a number of positive developments that are enhancing our ability to launch new products there. So, we feel optimistic about the combination of executing on our commercial priorities and at the same time, continue the good cadence of new product innovation that, that is going to take us to competitive growth as demonstrated by our 6% growth in the first half of the year.
Joaquin Duato: Thank you. Great question, Chris. Overall, we see a recovery in the immunology market with new patient levels already exceeding pre-COVID levels. So, we are optimistic about the recovery, specifically utilizing the metric of new patients. So, that’s progressing well for the immunology market. When it comes to TREMFYA, it continues to deliver strong growth worldwide, with net trade sales growing in the quarter about 30%, despite of headwind of a prior period adjustment that has reduced about 750 basis points. So, a strong performance of TREMFYA. When it comes to share, I think it was commented that we capture about 2.5 points incremental in psoriasis and about a larger amount in psoriatic arthritis, where we are already the market share leader. It was three points in psoriatic arthritis. It’s difficult to tell you where this is coming from. I mean we are assuming that this is going to be coming from older therapies that are there in the market, and that’s where it’s coming from. But clearly, TREMFYA is doing really well, both in psoriasis and in psoriatic arthritis. And psoriatic arthritis is the market-leading in new-to-brand share. We are also pleased with the fact that we have published recently first and best-in-class 5-year durability data, and also that we have been able to be the only IL-23 therapy to demonstrate inhibition of structural damage in PSA. So, we are very positive about the trajectory of TREMFYA, which is a reflection of the strength of our immunology franchise. Continuing with the future of TREMFYA, which I think it’s important for you to consider, we are now fully enrolled in our trial in ulcerative colitis, and we are nearing fully enrollment completion in our trial in Crohn’s disease. So, that predicates well for the growth of TREMFYA moving forward. Addition to that – in addition to that, we presented very encouraging and interesting data in IBD in combination of TREMFYA with SIMPONI, so guselkumab that show best-in-class results and best-in-class data, and we are very pleased with that. And also, if you look at our pipeline, we are also continuing to progress into Phase 2 with our own oral IL-23. So, very strong future of TREMFYA, one of the key products in our growth moving forward, a very strong future for our franchise in immunology.
Joaquin Duato: Thank you for the question and a great question. First, it’s difficult for us to comment on the content of the legislation or the feasibility of that legislation passing. There has been a lot of ups and downs there. While we are very closely following the dynamics, the situation is still fluid. So, it’s difficult for us to comment on the actual legislation or in the feasibility. Now, if we believe that the legislation is going to base on the language that we know from the Senate Finance Committee, as you pointed out, that will have a significant detrimental effect on the ability of the industry, of the companies to be able to invest in R&D and to develop new medicines. Just for perspective, the biopharmaceutical industry invested about $120 billion in R&D in 2020. Johnson & Johnson, ourselves, in our pharmaceutical business, we invested $12 billion in R&D in 2021. So, as a company that invests heavily in R&D, we can tell you that the type of legislation that was proposed by the Senate Finance Committee with Medicare price setting will have a chilling effect in innovation that will be translated in less new medicines for patients. Again, for perspective, since 2000, the pharmaceutical industry has introduced about 1,000 new medicines. The impact that this will have may affect the advances that we have in multiple areas that are still needed to be able to advance patient care. So, it’s a very seamless situation that will affect innovation, will affect our ability to invest in R&D and to develop new medicines. Now, we are also engaging with different stakeholders in trying to educate them about the impact of this type of legislation and innovation. But at the same time, we also want to sit at the table and participate in discussions to address what we believe is the major issue, which is patient affordability and patient access, specifically in Part D. So, we think that, that’s something that the industry has to address with the relevant stakeholders, and we are very willing to sit at the table and shoulder the consequences of being able to address the patient affordability issue. Now, I always have – I always need to remember to you that in a price-constrained environment, Johnson & Johnson performs relatively better than most of our peers and competitors based on a number of factors. First, our diversification. Second, we have about half of our sales that come outside of the U.S. And third, specifically in the pharmaceutical business, we have been able to deliver above-market growth in the face of mid-single digit niche price decreases. So, we know how to grow in a difficult pricing environment. As a matter of fact, all of our growth comes from volume. So, if you are thinking about where to be in these circumstances, Johnson & Johnson really, it’s a good place based on its diversification and our ability to drive growth through volume.
Joaquin Duato: Thank you, everybody, for participating in the call. Again, very pleased with the solid results achieved by our teams year-to-date. It shows the quality and the market leadership of our franchises and the great execution of our company in the middle of these challenges. We are also making good progress in the three strategic priorities that I outlined at the outset of this call regarding the consumer separation and the creation of the new Johnson & Johnson, our ability to continue to grow in our pharmaceutical business through the STELARA patent expiration and our continued recovery and competitive growth and MedTech. As we conclude today, also a quick reminder on our recent ESG investor update, which highlighted progress against our 2025 Health for Humanity goals. I encourage all of you to listen to the webcast replay on our website if you didn’t have a chance to do it already. We look forward to connecting with all of you again and keeping you updated on our continuous progress on future earnings calls. Thank you very much.
Joe Wolk: Sure. Thanks for the question, Larry and again, another nice job with the currency reporting. The macro headwinds, I would say, I would classify it as kind of two categories. The first is really around supply constraints, some of what we commented to at the end of last year that kind of persisted into the first part of this year. I would say that was primarily in our Consumer franchise, where product supply and availability inputs, if you will, were somewhat constrained. We are seeing, I would say, an alleviation of some of those constraints, and that’s why we anticipate, specifically in our Skin Health and Beauty business to be much stronger in the second half. We know that point-of-sale demand continues to be strong for products like Aveeno and NEUTROGENA and we just didn’t have enough on the shelf in the first half. We do anticipate that we will have more availability on the shelf in the second half of this year. And then there is the input cost themselves. As you probably noticed, we did have higher cost of goods in the quarter relative to last year of about 50 basis points. That’s really across the board. So some of the raw materials that go into our product, they are certainly at a higher cost due to limited availability. There is some higher wage pressures, as you’ve noted. I would say that’s less within the world of Johnson & Johnson and our manufacturing entities and more around the third-party manufacturers that we contract with. But I would say those have stabilized. We did have a healthy assumption around inflation coming into the year. We think that has increased as we’ve progressed through these first 6 months by about 40%. So, some of that will play into next year’s thinking as well. As you know, the accounting is such where what we’re building today, some of that gets relieved to the P&L early next year. But we think we’re able to manage it, as you saw in our results, able to slightly beat. And we’re being much more selective in terms of our resource deployment. We’ve raised the bar on our selectivity of where we invest, but we’re very proud of the fact that we were able to increase what we believe our future depends upon, and that’s innovation by a 9% increase in R&D.
Joe Wolk: Yes, well said. Chris thanks for the question regarding operating margins. I don’t want to get too far out in front of my SKUs with respect to projecting next year at this point, but maybe some considerations that you should have in mind. We always look to streamline our business, where possible, look for inefficiencies and either let that fall to the bottom line or preferably put that into R&D. So as we close out the second half of the year, I’d like to see how our pipeline is progressing. If some of that’s accelerated, that’s going to be reason for additional investment. I do think these inflationary pressures will be here to stay. I don’t see a lot of decreases on the near-term horizon. I’d also ask you not to lose sight of the fact that we are separating out our Consumer Health business, and we are taking that opportunity to look at, I would say, how we support our business, the infrastructure that’s involved with a two-segment company versus the historical three-segment company we have. I’d like to see a little bit more of the separation time line play out before we commit to any of those efficiencies that may be gained there and exactly when the timing of those may be incurred, whether that’s the first half or second half of 2023.
Joe Wolk: Hi Josh, this is Joe. Let me try to answer the first part of that question, and then I will turn it over to Joaquin for the second part, the first part being around volume recovery. To your point, and it’s something that we struggle with internally, it’s really still clunky when it comes to comparative analysis versus prior periods. So, we do look back at 2019, I can tell you our operational sales growth for MedTech over the first six months is about 10% overall. I would say half of that is – maybe two-thirds is really attributable to just a great job that Ashley and her team have been doing with launching new products and better execution. So, our cadence of innovation has improved. We have got a lot of new offerings across really all four of those major franchises and we are picking up market share because of that. And then I would say probably the rest is procedure volume. Again, it gets really difficult to really draw comparisons around procedure volume because we still are dealing with the impact of COVID in the second quarter alone in China. That impacted growth and procedures were down roughly 25% with a little bit improvement towards the last month from what we saw in April and May. So, we continue to look at that as well. But I would say the improvement in MedTech is really come from the stated goals that you heard a couple of years ago from Ashley and team, and that’s a better cadence of innovation. I think we are going to – we had 10 new products launched in the first half of this year. Roughly the same amount is relied upon in the second half and then again, attracting market share with better effectiveness through our sales force and commercial efforts.
