Dominic Caruso: Sure. Mike, it’s a good question and let assume the dollar holds and there isn't further currency headwinds. Yes, we did purposely offset some of the OLYSIO income we saw in 2014 with now this benefit from the divestitures that we talked about and are very transparent about in 2015. I would say, with a business of our size $70 billion to $75 billion in sales, we actively manage our portfolio and we would expect that we would continue to do so and as we talked about before, look at the businesses that we expect to not be in and make the right portfolio choices and take the size of actions and that will further enable us to refocus our resources in the right areas. So I think, although I can't predict the level of other income we would have in 2016, I wouldn't expect the drop off so dramatically. And secondly, as I mentioned our sales growth is accelerating, our business has been managed well by all of our business leaders around the world. So I'd expect continued sales growth and increase profitability from those sales as we move forward. So, more to come and we'll obviously keep you posted throughout the year.
Dominic Caruso: Okay. Mike. There's a lot there. So let me start with the first half which was about, I think the appetite for large acquisitions and I won't comment on rumours or speculation about our involvement in the Pharmacyclics. I think just to take a step back our capital allocation policy remains the same and we have for a long time emphasize dividends as the first use of our capital and we believe that's the most enduring return to shareholders and we've demonstrated over now 52 consecutive years of increase in dividend. And then, it was up to me and others in our business, we'd invest all of the remaining free cash flow and value creating acquisitions whether they were large or small. I think the key point here is the transaction value creating regardless of its size, so our appetite doesn't really change in terms of whether or not an acquisition is large or small our view of acquisition is being value creating has to do with the disciplined approach we take to evaluate an acquisition and whether its large or small we're not going to overpay for an asset. Typically, large acquisitions are difficult to generate value from because either over valued by the market or significant premiums required or the asset is already substantially mature enough where you can add much to it. But I would not necessarily read into any of our discussions or actions as being necessarily adverse or favorable towards any size particular size or transaction. And it's true that over the long period of time the majority of our transactions have been below $1 billion actually, but we've done as you know with the transaction and important strategic moves that are significant on the $20 billion range. So hopefully that provides you some insight there. On the repatriation question, we're still firm believers that the ultimate conclusion here is a much more competitive corporate tax system in the U.S. I can't speak for what GE did but this not alter our view that its currently uneconomical to repatriate those earnings at such a high corporate tax burden and we'd much rather see our government move in the direction of lowering that tax burden for corporation, getting that cash back to the U.S and invested more appropriate without the burden of this extra tax spike, but I can't comment on why or whether we would do something similar as to what GE did.
Dominic Caruso: Sure, Vamil, well, our guidance for 2015 does not assume any biosimilar competition in the U.S. We remained confident in the strength of our patents and obviously we're pursuing all available avenues to protect our intellectual property, but we're not expecting biosimilar competition 2015 in the guidance that I provided. In terms of oncology and immuno-oncology in particular our teams have done very, very good work here in the next generation of immuno-oncology and I think it’s a best to save any further comment to the experts and you'll hear from them and see them in action on May 20. And I encourage you all to hear what they have to say, I think you'll find it very exciting.
Dominic Caruso: Sure, Larry. Well, thanks for pointing it out. We're very pleased with the consumer businesses progress over the last several years actually and now we're seeing that progress result in higher sales levels, for couple of reasons. I think overall the market is healthier in consumer spending is what we see. We also have made important innovations in that consumer healthcare particular in skincare and we see skincare doing really well and we continue to invest behind it. And then finally we made great progress in the OTC business in terms of resolving and remediating the issues around the consent decree. We're complete with all of those particular actions, although we still need to wait for final FDA certification, but now that allows us to more freely ship product from those plans. We can do so on a consistent basis. We're happy to see that was those products hit the shelves they go quickly, we're happy to see that we're able to replenish the shelves in a more consistent basis. So, we believe consumers are off to a great start in 2015 and we're expecting more continued positive results from the business going forward.
Dominic Caruso: Yes. Thanks, Larry. Thanks for the question. Well, let's take a minute to just put the medical device results for the quarter in perspective, of course, negatively impacted by the divestitures and as we said about 1.3% growth without that. But underlying that there's a few issues there that I think is important to point out. One is we existed the women's health business recently. We also have seen these, the negative impact of the price reset in the Vision Care business, so that's a drag quite frankly year-over-year, and also the continue headwinds that we faced in our diabetes business as to pricing. When you exclude those factors and you sort of normalize, but what's really happening in the underlying business, it's growing at approximate 3% or about equal to the market. Now, going forward the medical device business as we describe last year in the medical device day has a number of new product launches 30 new product that we're expecting the launch by 2016, some of them have already began the launch. So, we're very optimistic about the fact that the medical device business will return to grow especially ones we lap some of these comparisons and also we see the benefits of the new products that we're launching. So we're very excited about the future.
Dominic Caruso: That's okay. You got them all in. I'll try my best to answer them all. And we'll take them in the same order. So the REMICADE Biosimilar patent situation is what you asked about. So let me just give a perspective on that. Yes, it's true that the U.S. Patent Office has issued what is referred to as a final rejection. But under the process in the U.S. Patent Office, the word final is not exactly what Layman or I would consider as final. So there are number of steps that can still occur after that final rejection and in fact one of those steps includes our response to that final rejection which we filed just yesterday. Then that filing then is reviewed by the Patent Office and we would expect to hear back from them in the next 30 to 60 days and depending on that response we then have another avenue of appeal which if the current position of the Patent Offices remains the same we have another appeal process which could take another 12 months or so to prosecute with the Patent Office and then after that even if there is an adverse ruling after that there's another decision to the Court of Appeals in the federal circuit court that we could appeal for which would take another 12 to 18 months. So first of all, as I said earlier, we're very confident in the strength of our patents and we intent to pursue all the available avenues for appeal and we're doing so including our response just yesterday to what was previously described by you as the final. But it's not final as I've just described. On whether Celltrion will launch at risk it’s a question for them. I really can't comment what they might do. And then in terms of utilization we have seen an uptake in utilization in this first quarter, a continued trend, although slight increases but nonetheless positive increases in overall hospital admissions, surgical procedures, doctor visits, et cetera, so that's encouraging. We continue to see now trends of now three consecutive quarters of positive trends in healthcare utilization. And then finally, on your math, as you were trying to do and let me try to help everyone that, because I think it would be a common question. So we talked about increase in other income and expense, because of the tax rates applied to those particular items in that line item, let's call that roughly about $0.12 of earnings and minus – sorry, let's call that $0.12 on earnings on a pretax basis, the tax rate going up is primarily due to the fact that those items have a higher U.S. tax burden, so our tax rate went up as a results let's call that $0.07 negative. So now you're up $0.05. And we said, we increased our operational earnings by $0.10, so that $0.05 I just described and another $0.05 just as a continued good management and overall progress we're making in the business overall for the $0.10 that I've just described earlier, so hopefully that's helpful.
Dominic Caruso: I think generally Glenn, price has been negative in this marketplace in orthopedics now for several quarters and we're just seeing that trend continue. We just saw it recently as well.
Dominic Caruso: Yes. Sure, Glenn. Well, so one thing I would say, this is a continuation of what we discussed at the MD&D business review day a year ago. So we had mentioned that we were working on our own robotics program internally. We've now obviously partnered with Google to gain their expertise in technology and visualization and in robotics and I think that's going to provide us some acceleration to the plans we were already anticipating. We're already in the market for robotics in terms of our particular – in terms of particular procedures where our Ethicon products are used at the end of the robot, at the actually procedure end of the robot. So we'll continue to do that. We would expect this collaboration would take – I would say several years for us to come to the market with the new type of robotic surgery that we think we'll dramatically revolutionize surgery. So, I think it will take some time to do that, but we're accelerating our efforts there and I'd say it’s a couple of years away.
Dominic Caruso: Yes, David, I mentioned in my prepared remarks that the main issue with gross margin this quarter versus last year and also versus the fourth quarter I should have said, that has to do with currency impact. So it's just – even though we hedge most of our manufacturing foreign currency commitments; they do roll over from year-over-year and quarter-to-quarter so this particular quarter I could sort of reflect on it and say it’s essentially all currency impacts.
Dominic Caruso: Yes well with REMICADE OUS as Louise mentioned we saw these are shipments that we make to our partner Merck for their territories outside the U.S. and as you know many of those territories we have seen the loss of exclusivity so biosimilars have entered those markets. So the primary reason is basically lower shipments to our partner as they plan for the balance of the year, anything else you could add to that Louise.
Dominic Caruso: And then with INVOKANA we are very pleased obviously with the performance of INVOKANA and with INVOKAMET in particular because as you know you know many patients take these SGLT2s in combination with Metformin so that product is doing well. Whether or not this is a class effect for SGLT2 I think we have a particular benefit and strong SGLT2 and the benefit that we have here is of course the lower HbA1c levels, lower weight gain etcetera so the product is getting very very good acceptance and it’s now you know exceeding all the other SGLT2 that have recently come to the market by significant margins and gaining market share despite increased competition.
Dominic Caruso: Yeah, I think that’s well said Louise. Biosurgicals in particular is doing very very well and Energy is with the launch of new products is gaining momentum. I think we’ll see it in future quarters quite frankly as these products have just recently launched, but there is some noise in the other segments, but the overall core business is doing very well Rick.
Dominic Caruso: Sure. Well Rick it is primarily due to the VIBE business. So VIBE was launched OUS last year and continue to pick up a lot of volume, did extremely well OUS and was just launched in the U.S. recently and we’re seeing some very very good uptick on VIBE and we’re very very pleased by that new insulin pump it’s doing very very well taking share and growing and with the with what we saw happening OUS certainly bodes well for the uptick of that product in the U.S. In terms of the Wearable Patch Pump that’s probably a couple of years out still, obviously we need to scale up manufacturing complete some additional work on that. A few of us were just there recently visiting our diabetes business and all plans are in shape there, they are moving forward with all the manufacturing that needs to be done, so we are very excited that will come in the market but it’s probably you know by – but not before 2016 I would say.
Dominic Caruso: Yes from what we saw the data we saw shows us that we are taking competitive share you know from the major player in the marketplace.
Dominic Caruso: Yes, well it’s a great question, Josh. We’ve been very consistent with our approach to divestitures and Alex has many times if we are not neither number one or number two in the market or we don’t see a pathway of being number one, number two in the markets through technology and the appropriate amount of investment or for example if its not otherwise complementary to our business and it should be a candidate for divestiture. So as you pointed out we obviously did not divest the BioSense Webster piece of the Cordis business, that’s very very promising. Business is doing extremely well; new innovations come in the market etcetera. So we are pleased with being in the cardiovascular device space where innovation is rewarded and whether significant unmet need that we can actually address the main reason for exiting the Cordis business is it generally has become from our vantage point the commodity business and it will be in our view better managed in the hands of others and I think Cardinal is going to do just a great job with that business.
Dominic Caruso: Yes well the first quarter there was some impact for OLYSIO but obviously OLYSIO grew throughout 2014 so we’ll see that operating margin decline more pronounced in future quarters obviously and that’s all in our guidance. The guidance we provided shows that if I mean we didn’t give you a specific operating margin but you walk through the P&L as you update your models you’ll see that the pre tax operating profit margin is probably going to go down about 150 basis points and that’s primarily 120 basis points due to the OLYSIO net OLYSIO because remember we invested some of those gains last year. And that of course is what I referred to earlier that were offsetting with the decisions that we’ve made about the portfolio we think these are the right decisions to make at the right time, they also come at a time when we can offset this decline in operating profit margin. Hopefully that’s clear now Josh.
Dominic Caruso: Sure, Jason well it is true that we’ve completed our work and we have outside party that sort of verifies what we completed and prepares their report and then the FDA has to come in and certify. But even after the FDA certifies remember that we still will operate under the consent decree for a 5-year period, that’s what the law requires. Now during that 5-year period we’ll continue to make improvements etcetera but and I would say generally speaking the consumer business has done a very nice job mapping out the fact that gross margins and overall margins in that business should improve overtime while at the same time we’re investing behind the products that we are launching. So I would say we’ll see continued improvements in margins, I wouldn’t view them as dramatic in the short term but continued steady progress and improvements in that business which we are very pleased with.
Dominic Caruso: Okay, thanks everyone, and thanks, Louise. So as I noted earlier we are very pleased with our strong start to 2015 and I would just like to take a moment and recognize and thank all of our associates around the world for their extraordinary achievements and dedication to the success of Johnson & Johnson and thank you all for your time this morning. I look forward to updating you on our progress throughout the year. And finally just a reminder, that we will be conducting a review for the investment community of our pharmaceutical business on May 20th in New Brunswick and I obviously look forward to seeing you all there. So have a great day. Thank you.
Louise Mehrotra: Okay. So going forward because we have some movement between price and mix when a new products goes up, annualizes itself, I'm going to start giving people only price and mix on the U.S. price changes, okay. So, in the first quarter we had a 5% decline price and mix in the U.S. in spine and that compared to about 4% in the fourth quarter of 2014. And regarding the competitive there is new products coming out with our competition and as Dominic mentioned we have a number of new products coming from ourselves as well. So it's just more of timing and we expect it to pickup throughout the year.
Louise Mehrotra: I'm just going to take a look at the share data and then I will – if you have another question, go ahead and ask that and I'll just take a look at the share and see where it's going then.
Louise Mehrotra: Yeah so if you will recall about a year ago we made some changes to our supply chain which caused the some of the export sales that we recorded in the U.S. we actually recorded in the international. So you really have to add those two together to get a clear picture of what’s going on there. If you take a look at them together it’s down about 2%. We had very strong sales in Canada and then that was offset by some the distributor sales being down due to the weakening of the euro and also market pressures because of the biosimilars and they did have an inventory build with our distributors. So there’s a number of compounding factors that are going on there. So you really need to take a look at it in total.
Louise Mehrotra: And so our commercial payers we have about 75% coverage at Tier 2 and the Part D we have about 85% coverage added here to which is the lowest tier for our brand. And so we are doing very very well in the reimbursement front and we are gaining share in all the categories. You know the end work share sequentially, it’s a 11.8 in the first quarter and that’s up from 10.3, so nice growth there and even more impressive is the primary care going from 3.6 to 4.3 and primary care is about 60% of that market, so it’s really impressive results.
Louise Mehrotra: So within the speciality surgery area we have a number of businesses put in there. So if you but you could take a look at the core businesses of biologics and energy, biologics is up 7% worldwide, energy is up 4% worldwide and if you look at the OUS for biologics its up 11% and OUS is up 5%. So a clearance in there which is causing some depression of the numbers, Mentor is in there as well what Mentor is doing well. So but if you really take a look at the two cores, they are doing very well.
