Dominic Caruso: Sure, Matt. Good question. The Affordable Care Act was instituted in 2010, in March of 2010 and it’s only recently in the first quarter that we received sufficient information from the various states to true up the estimates we had made leading from the time that legislation was passed till now. So hopefully that answers your question.
Dominic Caruso: Well, the major swing currencies, Matt that are negatively impacting sales are primarily currencies where although there may be significant sales growth, there is lesser earnings impact. So for example the Yen has dramatically weakened. However, the amount of money we earn in that currency is different than the level of sales in that currency or as the euro, which is where most of the profitability of the company reside ex-U.S., has not been impacted as greatly as some of the currencies like Yen. So there is a different weighting factor of the currency's impact on sales as there is on earnings.
Dominic Caruso: Sure, Larry. Great questions. I know you have all been following the recent legislation, it provides a pretty dramatic reduction in pricing for diabetes test strips. Of course that legislation pertains to the Medicare portion of the business. I think roughly the Medicare portion of the business for us is in the 20% to 25% range. So it's not obviously the entire business. And then in terms of the strategy going forward, of course you know we just -- I just described earlier that we were pleased to have filed an application for a new blood glucose monitoring system, the continuous glucose monitoring system with the Dexcom technology. So I think it's important that we continue to innovate where we have the ability to provide patients and healthcare professionals with the tools to better manage their diabetes care. I think that will always be an important part of what we continue to do, although we will have to manage through the pricing impacts that pertain to the Medicare portion of our business and that I just noted.
Dominic Caruso: Right. Larry, so we are certainly aware of that. I think that if it was just as easy, if it was that easy for me to just change our earnings by excluding the amortization and our stock would go up $6, I guess we would do that in a heartbeat. But we think our company is very well followed, understood, and we try to be as transparent as possible with our earnings guidance. And hopefully the data we give you provides you all enough data to model the company appropriately.
Dominic Caruso: Well, it's primarily related to the reasons I mentioned. You know currencies like the Yen have dramatically decreased but a currency like the euro, for example, is only off two or three pennies from our previous guidance and most of our ex-U.S. earnings are quite frankly in the euro zone. So the impact to earnings is not as pronounced as the overall basket of currency would indicate.
Dominic Caruso: Mike, with respect to utilization, we were trying to follow what's happening in the market place and obviously we have the good vantage point from where we stand with the broad-based business that we have, but we did not see any meaningful continuation of the upswing that we saw, although it was modest in the fourth quarter. We didn’t see that persist into the first quarter and we also know that certain hospitals are already predicting lower levels of procedure volume than they had previously indicated. We just saw something this morning from HCA for example that talked about the level of procedure volume that they see which is quite frankly lower than the level they had predicted when they announced their guidance for 2013. So overall I think that the market is probably seeing some seasonality quite frankly. So if I comment on orthopedics first, we did in fact see an uptick in the orthopedics market overall and we did particularly well in the fourth quarter. We did not see that persist in the first quarter of 2013, although there is some noise there of course because then you have less selling days as Louise pointed out. So if you neutralize for that, it’s about equal in terms of the overall impact to our business first quarter versus fourth quarter. So no great acceleration, but no deceleration per se in orthopedics, just really the selling days impact is what is dramatically impacting that business. For surgery, there’s a number of factors that we mentioned. For example lowering levels of inventory by distributors, some pricing impact and we did see some competitive inroads in general surgery and obviously our response to that is to continue to improve with the offering of products that we have like the ENSEAL product that I just described were recently produced. So I’d say more competitive pressures in surgery, less so in orthopedics if you were distinguishing those two particular markets.
Dominic Caruso: Sure, Kristen. So that’s a good observation obviously, but as you know we have a broad based business. So even though we may see some weakness in the MD&D market, we’re very pleased with the launch of the products in the pharmaceutical market. We did have the adjustment that Louise described that was obviously positive for the quarter and positive for the year and our consumer business is also a very good start as well and we expect that to pick up as products continue to come into the marketplace from the products that were previously off the market. So overall the breadth of our business allows us to feel comfortable and although some areas of the business we may experience some market weaknesses, other areas of the business are more than picking up. So that gives us good confidence to lean forward in terms of how our business is doing for the balance of 2013.
Dominic Caruso: No. No update just yet. We’re still going through the process and it’s probably too early to comment.
Dominic Caruso: Sure, Rajeev. Well, we are very pleased with the rebound in the consumer business. As you saw, the OTC business in the U.S was up 14%. I think that has to do with two things, the expected rollout of our products back in the marketplace, but also a pretty healthy, I can say that in quotes, “healthy” cold and flu season from our perspective. So I think we did benefit from that. I think we are basically on track as we thought we would be to return about 75% of the products that were previously off the market to back on to the market. So our plan is unfolding as we have predicted it would and it looks like we are going to see a buildup throughout the remainder of the year. You know both the intermittent supply differences between the products, so it's not as if 75% of the entire volume is back in the business but 75% of the brands will be on the shelves by the end of the year, we feel pretty confident about that. In terms of managing margins, in that business I think our team of leaders and consumer have done a very good job of managing in a very tough time and they will continue to do that, I am sure, going forward. And as the OTC products return to the marketplace, continue to build back share, that’s obviously a very profitable piece of the business so we would expect that they would improve their margins accordingly. I would caution, though, in terms of making sure that you understand that when these products come back to the market, we are going to do whatever we can to gain share and invest appropriately behind them. So we think that investment now will more than pay off in the future. So we would expect the return of profitability would be tempered in the consumer business as we do the right things to bring the products back to the market.
Dominic Caruso: Sure. Let me defer the comment on the broader class of diabetes care until May 23rd when we have our experts there. Obviously I hope you will be there as well others, to hear from our leaders who have much more knowledge about that market. But we are obviously very pleased with having this approval of the first in its class, and the indication as you know is broad and the adverse event profile is very manageable. So we think this is an important addition to the armamentarium of care for diabetes patients. So I will let Joakim and others in our business to talk about the impact that they see overall in the marketplace. I would say that overall the pharma business is doing well, really well. So we are very pleased with that. And the launches have gone incredibly well despite the fact that we have seen some competition as you all know. I mean you all have written very vividly about the new products come in the market in various classes like in XARELTO's class and in ZYTIGA's class. So you get the products pretty well. So I say that because we have really focused our efforts on clinically differentiating our products and I say that about INVOKANA as well. And I think our scientific teams led by Paul Stoffels and Bill Hait have done a great job of selecting the right clinical profile for the market place. And then coupled with the commercial excellence that’s led by Joakim and his team, that’s a great combination. So we feel very good about our progress in the pharmaceutical marketplace.
Dominic Caruso: Yeah. Well, Rajeev, you know, we have good healthy margins today. We are managing through what I mentioned at our call in January when I was with you all. That as of now, we have $1 billion of cost of U.S. healthcare legislation embedded in our business and we are able to manage through that. So I give our business leaders around the world a lot of credit for being able to manage in the various dynamics of the marketplace including slower growth markets and including areas of the business where cost pressures are continuing. So I think we have done a good job at doing that and I expect we will continue to do a good job of doing that, and we will always keep a focus on investing appropriately for the future. So each time we give guidance, hopefully you will get a clear picture of how we are doing that while also investing in the future, but I’ll say it’s not easy but I give a lot of credit to the teams of people and leaders around the world who are experts at being able to manage well in challenging times.
Dominic Caruso: I’ll ask Louise to help me with that, but of course in Europe you have the dynamics of the Easter holiday season as well as that was in the first quarter of this year compared to the second quarter of last year. Louise, maybe you can give some more specifics on the particular question that Derrick is asking.
Dominic Caruso: Well, with respect to the total accrual comment there, I’m not going to comment specifically and I’ll just refer you to our 10-K disclosures regarding the status of the various legal matters. In terms of use of cash, these litigation accruals obviously sometimes extend for years until the actual cash is disbursed. So although we contemplated in our cash planning, I don’t necessarily associate the specific accrual on any one quarter or any one year with the cash impact in any quarter or any one year and I’m happy to say as you know, we generate substantially strong cash flows year in and year out and now the team will continue to focus on that.
Dominic Caruso: Right. With respect to the balance of the questions on ZYTIGA, I am going to not comment currently on the status of patent extension strategies, except to say that obviously our teams are working on that. In terms of the overall impact of ZYTIGA's worldwide sales, other than what Louise mentioned on patient assistance which is not really a major impact. The major impacts you did see were the chemo naïve indication, and you are absolutely right, Tony, a number of new markets outside the U.S., specifically in Europe, came online during the quarter and will continue to come online for the balance of the year. So those two factors, pre-chemo and additional country approvals are the major drivers of the uptake in ZYTIGA sales.
Dominic Caruso: So just to clarify your question, the weakness that you are referring to in the U.S. is in the medical device business, not in pharma, not in consumer.
Dominic Caruso: And you are right, there was a lot of noise in the quarter and we tried to parse through that. After parsing through all the noise including selling days etcetera, Louise's data indicated -- Louise's comments indicated that overall the medical device business is probably flat or modestly increased in the first quarter. But the major driver of that is in fact the utilization trends that we did not see accelerate in the first quarter across primarily the surgery businesses including outpatient surgeries etcetera, and some competitive pressures that I have mentioned earlier. So I can't comment specifically month-by-month in the quarter but I would say that overall the trends that you saw a modest uptick in the fourth quarter did not persist into the first quarter. So whether that's seasonality and how people use their high deductible insurance plans or not, we will have to wait and see as others report, but that maybe a contributing factor and we expected to see some of that in the first quarter.
Dominic Caruso: Yeah, I think that in this particular quarter from the best information we have is related to system implementations and other factors and the particular distributors that we deal with and not something that we would expect to continue happening for the remaining quarters of the year.
Dominic Caruso: So, Rick, well, I think as Alex mentioned in his commentary that we always obviously look at our portfolio in a strategic way. I think with changes in the marketplace that we see happening in healthcare, I think it's even more important for us to be very discerning and very deliberate about the places we will play in where we can make a big difference and areas where we may not be able to make a difference or where in fact, investment may not be worth it or the property maybe better in someone else's hands. So I don’t know that it's precisely related to just Alex being on board, although that’s always been a strategic focus of Alex even before he became CEO, but I think it’s also how we adapt and how our management teams adapt to an ever changing marketplace. So I think we’ll continue to be deliberate in that regard and obviously we’ll update you along the way.
Dominic Caruso: Sure, Jami. Thanks for the question. Well, with respect to the adjustment for the managed Medicare rebates and I’ll let Louise provide some additional color here, it’s pretty obvious that that level of adjustment is not really reflective of the current run rate of the product. So as Louise in her comments described the fact that excluding that adjustment, the pharmaceutical business in the U.S and worldwide, the underlying growth rate was 8%. So it’s not the 14% or 11% that you saw in the numbers because that would be less than transparent if we told you that. But the underlying rate of 8% is something we’re quite proud of to be honest. So nonetheless even despite that adjustment, the business is doing very well with a very healthy growth rate of 8%. This adjustment as I mentioned earlier relates to a catch up of Medicaid rebates for managed Medicaid in the States under the new legislation and various states across the United States that provided this information most recently to all pharmaceutical players and us in particular we took a look at all that data now that we have it in hand, although it’s not all in hand. So there may be some additional adjustments going forward and we’ll be transparent again if that should happen. Having said that, the level of rebates in the States that we have previously predicted are now predicted to be lower. That’s why we included this adjustment in our sales because we have previously reflected too high on rebate for example. So going forward, although the adjustment may not be that significant, the overall level of rebates are expected to be quite lower than we previously thought. And with respect to Medicaid part B and REMICADE, we’re obviously aware of the sequestration impact and you’re right, REMICADE is a significant product that reimbursement of the Medicare Part B and beginning in April we instituted a program with our REMICADE infusion customers on their contract to receive a discount on the continued use of REMICADE to help them deal with and help them offset the impact of this reimbursement that they’ll see.
Dominic Caruso: Well Danielle, the integration of Synthes is going well. I would say that the challenge as we expected was going to be in the area of integrating the spine sales forces. You may recall that we converted our current legacy DePuy spine business from a distributor based system to a direct selling basis, which is what Synthes had in mind, was doing. And we had always expected that would be the way to go in the marketplace. So we have completed that transition. And I would say there are some disruptions that we have seen as a result, not totally unexpected but in fact some disruptions. But we think that’s a short-term issue because we think that’s a long-term benefit of having a direct sales force plus the combination of the two portfolios. It's something that will allow us to compete very effectively in spine space. In terms of accretion, the focus of the business integration now is really on sales synergies and we are starting to see some sales synergies. It's too early to give you a specific number on that. The focus is primarily on sales synergies as opposed to the cost synergies, and we expect that that will improve as the integration continues to progress throughout this year and into next. And with respect to M&A and divestiture activities, we are very active always in M&A and divestiture activity as you know. And with our broad base in healthcare and our broad purview of the medical device sector, we look at all areas of medical device to see where we can make a difference. And what enters into calculus, Daniel, as you heard me say before, is not only where we would like to play but where we think the asset is not only better in our hands but has a current valuation that’s attractive to us and is not, for example, overvalued. So we will always look at that. I can't give you any specifics, but with a broad-based medical device business that we have, there is lots of areas for us to look at to improve on if in fact that acquisition would create shareholder value. That’s our number one criteria when looking at the acquisition potential.
Dominic Caruso: That’s right, Louise. I mean we can't ever lose track of the fact that innovation is the name of the game in all these markets. So as we continue to innovate, hopefully we’ll get a positive mix equation out of it and that’s what our leaders and folks in the labs and our engineers et cetera are totally focused on and they do a pretty good job of it. So we’ll just continue to look for that as hopeful in terms of mix being positive because overall price regardless of mix is going to be pretty hard to come by as you all know. So I think our focus has always been, needs to continue to be on innovating in these markets.
Dominic Caruso: Thanks everyone for tuning in today. As I said earlier, we’re off to a very good start in Q1 and we remain optimistic for the remainder of the year. we see further opportunities to drive growth in this dynamic global marketplace as our new products, our robust pipelines and even our core businesses continue to address the critical unmet healthcare needs of patients and customers. I would like to again thank the people of Johnson & Johnson for their dedication and commitment and I look forward to updating you all on our progress throughout the year, including at our upcoming pharmaceutical business review on May 23. So thanks for your time this morning and have a great day.
Louise Mehrotra: Sure. The U.S it was about one day and in Europe it was probably about two days and you know that’s rather a rough calculation, but it impacted growth about 1.5% in terms of sales, about 1% in the U.S and about I think 2.5% outside the U.S.
Louise Mehrotra: In terms of the austerity measures, it’s very similar to what we saw in the fourth quarter, but we are still feeling it as everybody else is feeling it, but we are the first company that’s out. So we need to wait for the others to report.
Louise Mehrotra: Sure. So in the U.S, in the first quarter, price was down about 4% and that’s fairly similar to what it was in the fourth quarter, a little bit more unfavorable. And in terms of mix, it was actually 1% favorable. So you came out to about a 3% unfavorable for the hips. In terms of knees, it’s about 2% unfavorable, 1.5%, 2% unfavorable and totally offset by favorable mix. So you actually come to about 0.5 a point favorable on the knee.
Louise Mehrotra: In terms of spine, we are about 3% negative in price and again this is only U.S and we are positive in terms of mix by about 4%. So netting about 1% positive.
Louise Mehrotra: I will take the first one on the patient assistance. So we have a patient assistance program in place and it continues to be in place. It's part of what we do for all of our products. What you saw in the fourth quarter was a replenishment to the wholesalers of certain of the ZYTIGA products. So it has nothing to do with whether or not we have implemented a patient assistance program, we always have patient assistance programs in place for people that need the products.
Louise Mehrotra: And just for some context, REMICADE is about a third of Medicare and PROCRIT also impacts about 60% Medicare.
Louise Mehrotra: Not that I am aware of. With respect to everyone's time, we will take one more question and then we will have Dominic sum up with some final remarks.
Louise Mehrotra: Yes. So we have good data up till the fourth quarter. And as you know we are one of the first ones out in the first quarter, but we do a lot of market research. We have a very good team that extracts data from other companies reports, quite frankly, analyst reports. So that’s kind of an amalgamation of it. It's not precise, it's where we think it's directional at this point in time and of course we will know a lot more once we get the data from the other company. There is some noise in our suture numbers in the quarter and if I take out that noise in the suture numbers, it's flat on a worldwide basis and is actually positive about 2% on U.S. basis excluding the noise that we had in our own numbers at that point. Okay.
Louise Mehrotra: I think mix comes from innovation of new products and that’s where the positive mix impact is coming from.
