Joaquin Duato: Thank you, Terence, for your question. And before we go into the specifics of your question on CARVYKTI and TECVAYLI and TALVEY, our multiple myeloma franchise, let me share with all of you some reflections on this quarter. We are entering 2024 in a position of strength, and I'm particularly encouraged on the performance of our strategic platforms, the ones that are going to drive growth in the second half of the decade. In Innovative Medicines, DARZALEX, TREMFYA, ERLEADA all grew over 20% and specifically on TREMFYA, now we have more sales in our psoriasis and psoriatic arthritic indications than we do with STELARA and we have high expectations for the brand with ulcerative colitis data to be presented at the Digestive Disease Week just a few weeks from now and also data on Crohn's Disease to be presented also this year. We continue to see increased demand from our new product launches, SPRAVATO, TECVAYLI, TALVEY, CARVYKTI with CARVYKTI just a few weeks ago receiving FDA approval to move into the second line setting. Now let me move into MedTech. We have demonstrated a strong performance across cardiovascular, in electrophysiology and Abiomed and we have made significant progress with our PSA portfolio. We also have delivered several important capital allocation milestones in Q1, investing heavily in R&D, raising our dividend for the 62nd consecutive year closing the Ambrx acquisition and announcing the planned acquisition of Shockwave Medical. As you have heard from Joe in his prepared remarks, we continue to make progress on achieving a responsible final and comprehensive resolution of the talc litigation. Overall, I'm proud of the performance in the quarter, both in terms of the solid financial but also the numerous pipeline advancements. It is a solid start of the year that puts us in a position of strength for 2024. And it also the sustained progress gives us -- give me great confidence in achieving our long-term growth goals of operational sales compounded annual growth rate of 5% to 7% from 2025 to 2030. Overall, it gives me great confidence in the future of Johnson & Johnson, now to Jennifer on your question, Terence, on CARVYKTI, TECVAYLI and TALVEY.
Joaquin Duato: Thank you, Chris, and this is Joaquin. I'm glad that you recognize the strategic consistency of our M&A trajectory, and that's good. Our M&A strategy looks for the long term. So it's not going to change. Our capital allocation strategy will continue to be disciplined and M&A, it's going to be -- remain a critical component of that. And it's important for me to underline that with the strength of our cash flow and our balance sheet, we have significant flexibility to consider multiple types of transactions, as you mentioned. And what we have done so far is a demonstration of that with Abiomed, Laminar, Ambrx, and now the planned acquisition of Shockwave, all of them are good examples of our study consistency and the principles that we have outlined to you. So that is not going to change. Our M&A strategy is not going to change. We'll continue to evaluate opportunities agnostic to the sector and size and what we are looking for, it's a number of components. One, does this technology improve the current standard of care. That's critical for us. To what extent we believe there is a patient impact, which is positive. Number two, does it -- is it consistent with the capabilities and knowledge that we have in-house. We see a correlation between that and the success in the acquisitions. Number three, does it enable us to enter into higher growth markets, so areas that are growing in which we can continue to develop that market. And finally, and very important for us, does it continue to deliver a compelling financial result for our shareholders. So that's our M&A strategy, and it's been a cornerstone of our ability to create value. I am glad that you recognize the consistency that we have deployed, and it's not going to change looking into the future. When we think about M&A, we think in decades, we don't think opportunistically.
Joaquin Duato: Of course, Joanne and thank you for bringing this up because it does look odd and certainly isn't consistent with our expectations or the performance that we expect going forward from that business. As I mentioned earlier, this is a business that grew 6.6% in 2023 and actually consistently grows in high single-digit. We absolutely believe in the underlying health of our Vision business and that it remains strong and continues to perform above market. As I mentioned earlier, the Q1 performance was predominantly driven by a contraction of U.S. distributor inventory in contact lens. As we have mentioned in the past, we had some variability in terms of our supply, which resulted in changes within distributor inventory. We've now started to see that as our supply for contact lenses has stabilized, we've started to see a normalization of the inventory that our distributors are carrying on hand. And so that is the big driver in the results that you see today. As you know, in contact lens, this is an annuity business where it's all about how you gain your fair share of new users, while at the same time, protecting the base. We are incredibly pleased with the ongoing performance of our premium ACUVUE OASYS 1-Day family and we are seeing unprecedented share gains in multifocal. I will also say that if we look at sequential share gains across the contact lens business, we are seeing sequential gains, which should bode well for continued performance for the remainder of the year. Specifically to IOLs, as you know, we are not currently a market leader, but we are expecting to deliver the fourth consecutive year of global share gains driven primarily by tremendous performances of our IOL business in Asia Pac and in EMEA. We're also excited, as you heard from Jess earlier by the limited market release of our TECNIS PURE C and Odyssey next-gen multifocals and we'll see a full release occurred through the remainder of the year. So once again, very confident that you will see tremendous improvement in the performance of that business, and we expect high single-digit growth for Vision for 2024. Thank you Joanne.
Joaquin Duato: Thank you, Jess, and Johnson & Johnson's solid first quarter performance reflects our sharpened focus and the progress in our portfolio and pipeline. Our impact across the full spectrum of health care is unique in our industry and the commercial, clinical, and capital allocation milestones achieved in Q1 reinforce our position as an innovation powerhouse. One of the most significant milestones this quarter was the announcement of our planned acquisition of Shockwave that will further strengthen our leadership position in cardiovascular. We continue to make strong progress towards the goals that we set out at our December Enterprise Business Review, and I'm looking forward to all that we will achieve through the remainder of 2024.
Jennifer L. Taubert: Thanks, Joaquin. Hello Terence and good morning everybody. Just also a quick shout out and a big thanks to our Innovative Medicine colleagues around the world, delivering 8.3% adjusted operational growth, definitely above-market growth for the quarter, with strength being really across our core launch, our core and launch brands, nine brands achieving double-digit growth, 10 actually, if you include TALVEY in that mix. A strong pipeline progress that Joaquin noted and also the announcement and closing of our acquisition of Ambrx really to add another key pipeline asset for us as well as key technology that can help us in ADCs. So really strong quarter all the way around. With respect to your question specifically in multiple myeloma and then CARVYKTI and TALVEY, multiple myeloma continues to be a true stronghold for us, and we had significant performance and growth across the board in those assets during the quarter. I can start off real quickly with DARZALEX with 21% growth, predominantly with that growth coming in the frontline setting and also it was noted that [indiscernible] data has been filed, which will offer us an additional expansion in frontline. For CARVYKTI, we had over 100% growth versus the first quarter of 2023, very, very strong demand. We did have both the ADCOM in the United States, which results in an unanimous recommendation for approval and then the subsequent to the end of the quarter, approval of CARVYKTI for that line two plus which we think bodes very well. I know there's always questions on how are we doing and where we're expanding our capacity, given the strength of the data and the additional data that's coming through in indications. I'm real happy to say we have doubled our manufacturing capacity since the beginning of 2023 for cell processing. We are continuing to work on our Gant [ph] facility to have that as a secondary source of supply. We brought on some contract manufacturers, and we have completely transformed and expanded antivirus production so that, that's not a rate-limiting step for us. So I know we were a flat -- roughly flat quarter-to-quarter from 4Q to 1Q as noted, that really just was some phasing and timing of orders and when they were actually delivered and built for nothing that -- anything to really see there. We do anticipate continued growth for this asset, particularly second half versus the first half as we continue to add more slots and expand our capacity. And based on the data and everything that we're seeing, we've continued to have a lot of optimism for how CARVYKTI is performing. Likewise, as it relates to TECVAYLI, the TECVAYLI launch is going very well around the world. Consistently, we're seeing very strong uptake and rapid adoption, whether we're in the U.S., Germany, Austria, France, the major markets that have launched to date and really as the first and we believe best-in-class off-the-shelf BCMA bispecific, we really believe that, that therapy is offering deep and durable responses. And so a lot of optimism for continuing to drive the launch there. The product is performing well in the later line settings and is also performing very well from a competitive standpoint. And last but not least is actually TALVEY, which is our 10th product with double-digit growth, although that falls in the all other oncology categories. So we're not fully breaking that out yet. But very, very strong uptake as the first in GPRC5D off-the-shelf by bispecific as well. So I think what this really means is we have got fabulous opportunities across lines of therapy with what we believe are truly best-in-class agents and many of these agents have potential as well to be combined as we work towards curing multiple myeloma. So a significant business for us, and I'm very positive on our outlook for the rest of the year and going forward.
Jennifer L. Taubert: Hi Chris, it's Jennifer. So yes, we're really pleased with our Pulmonary Hypertension results for the first quarter with both OPSUMIT and UPTRAVI, delivering strong growth that was both volume and share gains in the market as well as some favorable patient mix and really rounding out a year of favorable patient mix. That last piece we don't see continuing to go forward to the same degree. But the products are performing very well for patients with PAH. Importantly, in the quarter, we got approval for OPSYNVI, which is the first combination tablet of PDE5 and an ERA. This is in line with guidelines. It's really once a patient is diagnosed really the right first choice for them is to start them on combination therapy. And so we think that this is an important introduction. And as we take a look at our portfolio and even despite other new competitors that are coming in, we do believe with OPSUMIT and UPTRAVI, they have got very strong usage and both with the launch of OPSYNVI as well as what we have, that these will continue to be really productive assets and a good therapeutic area for us.
Jennifer L. Taubert: Perfect. I'll take the INVEGA SUSTENNA question, and I'll pass it over to my colleague, John to take the next one. So if we think about our LAI portfolio, our long-acting injectable just as a reminder for everybody, we really are leading therapies in this space with our INVEGA SUSTENNA, INVEGA TRINZA and INVEGA HAFYERA products. And we're really excited about the latest data that we have, particularly for HAFYERA, which a recent study shows that at two years, 96% patients on HAFYERA are relapse free, which is really, really striking. So as we get to the legal question, we really don't speculate on the impact of ongoing litigation. But that being said, we remain really confident about the strength of our INVEGA SUSTENNA patents, and we're going to continue to defend the intellectual property that's associated with these patents. If we're clear to go a little bit deeper, the Federal Circuit’s April 1st decision did not invalidate our patent. It just remanded the case back to the New Jersey District Court, the one that had ruled in our favor originally. Likewise, there was another ruling and another case on this patent against a different company that also did go in our favor. So it's going back to the original judge that ruled in favor of the patents, and we'll have to see what comes. We don't speculate on that, but we remain really confident on the strength of our patents.
Jennifer L. Taubert: Well, thanks for the question, and thanks for asking about SPRAVATO. We continue to be really pleased with the uptake of SPRAVATO as we continue to launch that product globally. You saw that there's over 70% growth in the quarter as it continues to perform well for patients with treatment-resistant depression. And so we've got a bold outlook for SPRAVATO as we continue to launch it into more markets and as we are able to even further penetrate the existing markets that we're in into a bit more of the community setting there. In terms -- so good -- really, really good outlook. We're also just to put in a plug for neuroscience. We talk a lot about our oncology business and our immunology business. Neuroscience is also a key area for us, so SPRAVATO is a key platform. We've also got aticaprant and seltorexant coming, and we had mentioned the long-acting therapies with the INVEGA SUSTENNA franchise earlier. So back on IRA, we've been really clear that we do think that these -- the IRA’s drug setting provisions are damaging to the health care innovative system. It just -- it is not something that is going to help reinforce the tremendous investments that we're making in R&D to develop the next types of treatments and cures. That being said, we do focus on patient access and are trying to make sure that our products are available to the patients who need them. And so we're working appropriately with the government and in line with the process to start going back and forth around what the ultimate price will be. So there has been a round or two of going back and forth. And so we're still in the middle of that process. I can't really provide any more details on that. What I will say is that the products that we have that are going through the process, they are not our growth drivers for the future. Those are -- they are our products that are more at end of life. And so they're not the ones that are going to be really key for us both in the coming years as well as out through the end of the decade. And what I'd love to also reinforce is that we do remain confident that we've got a clear path to achieving our $57 billion commitment that we made back in December at our Enterprise Business Review as well as from 2025 to 2030, delivering above market growth with the 5% to 7% compounded annual growth rate and with growth in every year that being 2025 as well as all of the years beyond that. So irrespective of the IRA, when I take a look at our growth drivers and how our pipeline is coming in, we feel really confident about the state of our business.
