Ashley McEvoy: Thank you, Thibaut. Well, good morning. So, last year was clearly a banner year of our new product innovation and we are continuing that momentum in 2022 with four new products -- first-in-kind new products launched just in third quarter alone. And clearly, these launches are really contributing to our enhanced competitiveness. So in quarter three, we launched our next-generation TECNIS Symfony OptiBlue. It's our latest presbyopia-correcting intraocular lens; our ACUVUE OASYS MAX contact lens; the HELIOSTAR balloon ablation catheter; and the OCTARAY Mapping Catheter. So to just have a quick refresh on ACUVUE OASYS 1-Day MAX. All of us know, we live digitally intense lives, and this lens was custom designed to really meet those digitally intensive lifestyles. It builds upon our industry-leading portfolio. OASYS is ranked number one. It's the largest brand in the category, and it's unbeaten in comfort across 31 clinical trials. Moving over to our Biosense Webster business. We have a launch of our HELIOSTAR balloon ablation catheter. This catheter is unique. It's a one-shop balloon technology, and it enables PV isolation in 12 seconds with customized energy delivery and our one integrated 3D mapping solution. So we are already seeing the impact HELIOSTAR has resulted in an 86% freedom from documented atrial arrhythmia at 12 months. So this is our entry into the single-shot ablation. Really just a couple of the ways that our team is delivering differentiated solutions really through a focus on breakthrough science and a consistent focus on doctors' critical needs. So I'm very encouraged by the strong innovation to-date and even more excited about the potential of our pipeline to come. And when I start to think about 2023, we are very focused on our mission to make the future of health care smarter, less invasive and more personalized. You've heard me consistently say this is how we can show up in health care. We will continue, particularly in today's times, a little bit of uncertain times to prioritize programs that are strengthening our core, that are really getting us on the forefront of shaping the new frontiers and medical intervention and a consistent drumbeat of always improving our competitiveness. We know that health care has an unbelievable amount of humility, but also amazing purpose. And as Joe has mentioned, we are -- it's very clearly in a dynamic time. We're going to continue to manage through the macroeconomic factors like hospital staffing, like inflation, like supply constraints and some of the overhang of the pandemic. But we are encouraged with procedural volumes in many parts of the world. They're recovering quite nicely. Some parts of the world are still a little bit below pre-COVID levels, but we are confident in the resiliency and agility of the MedTech industry and our anticipated continued recovery across the world. So thank you, and I'm pleased to turn it over to Jennifer.
Ashley McEvoy: No, I would just say, consistent really building on the momentum in 2022. So for the first three quarters of the year, we're looking at near 7% growth. And so, our eyes around keeping that momentum from a demand generation on revenue next year and having a revenue number that beats the market. Clearly, in today's environment, the cost of doing business has gone up. And so, we are doing everything we can to manage and mitigate that to remain competitive from -- typically, we have one or two points of price erosion. We've actually been commanding price/mix realization in today's environment through supply chain efficiencies, admin efficiencies and some price/mix realization. We do see some of the downsides in China from VBP that we're weathering through those and earning some of those tenders going forward. But we'd like to very much keep the investment going in R&D because, as you can see in the past couple of years, it's really benefited from accelerating our growth curve.
Ashley McEvoy: Sure. Thank you, Larry. So I have to, first, by giving a shout-out to the MedTech team, it was a really strong quarter of 8% and 7% year-to-date. And they just have really maniacal focus is what I would say on competitiveness and customer centricity. When we -- and Joe alluded to this, Larry, if you look at -- I'll go around the world a little bit. We are seeing procedures recovering. I think we're benefiting that, posting very strong September, but also a quarter-end of 8%. In the United States, we started to see surgical procedures tick up predominantly it did at the latter part of the quarter. We do see diagnostic procedures more in the mid-single digits, so colonoscopies as an example in quarter three. So we're expecting that to continue. Now, you'll recall that we're anniversarying Omnicron hitting kind of in the thanksgiving time frame in December, so that should be a healthy comp, but we also expect in a very focused micro surgeons in the winter surge. Europe is recovering nicely. August was a little bit of a slowdown given the holiday season, but really September picked up. Asia is in fast recovery, I would say, in India and Japan. And China is still on quarter three, recovered nicely versus quarter two, but they're still below pre-COVID levels. So we expect that bolus to continue. We are moving forward. We have a strong position in China. We have a very diversified position in China. We are moving through some of the VBP actions. That's what you saw in our Joints business, we were actually up 10% in our knees and our hips in the United States, but we had negative growth in the quarter, really due to the volume-based procurement wins on pricing actions that we'll come through that for next year. So thank you for the question, Larry.
Ashley McEvoy: Yes. Thank you, Josh. I mean, I think -- let me start with the macro. I think the health of the end-state markets in MedTech are quite vibrant. As we've talked, there's been bumpiness because of COVID that we're still having some of that. But there is patient demand that is still yet to be met. And that's really what we're experiencing in quarter three, and we still think that will continue into 2023. And you're seeing procedures that are more insulated like the cath lab is more protected in a hospital environment. Volumes have been going quite nicely. I have to give a huge shout out to the BWI team in the US, grew near 24% growth in quarter three. So -- and we're continuing to invest, to your point, in cardiology. We have a very active program in post-field ablation and we have a clinical trial in Europe that just completed in quarter two. We're looking at a 12-month readout of that on safety and efficacy and to file this year. And we're also in clinical trial in the United States for our pulse field ablation we enrolled in May 2022. We actually think the combos are going to be quite complementary of radio frequency, coupled with pulse field ablation. But -- so that's a bit about the cath lab. We're seeing bariatric procedures, which are more elective in nature, really clearing through the backlog. The ones that tend to be laggards are things like spine and we're seeing cataract surgery at a certain point becomes less selective. And the pacesetters, if you will, are areas like stroke, like trauma that are much more less elective in nature. And then I would just say from a creating patient demand, there's been a huge initiative on behalf of Johnson & Johnson and the industry to kind of move to site to care that patients are really preferring. And those areas like ambulatory surgery centers in the United States, our team predominantly in joints as well as sports, they've grown market share 20% over the past two years in those emerging channels. In areas like Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities in China with a population of 1.4 billion patients continue to grow and expand. So we're going to see some of those shifts that happened during the pandemic really start to, I think, pick up, where patients can get a sense of comfort and hopefully, we can kind of diffuse some of that, the scarcity of label into the right sites of care.
Ashley McEvoy: Yes. No, thank you, Joanne. We always talk about BWI because it is a market leader, and yet the category still has very low penetration. Less than 12% of eligible patients are actually getting cardiac ablation. And we love this example, because we think when we think of health care, we love to kind of intercept disease before it sets in. And if you can go manage cardiac arhythmia through cardiac completion, you can really prevent a stroke. So just a huge acknowledgment of how close that team is to customers really around the world. How -- the innovation cadence, they really have many first-in-kind. And if it's not first-in-kind, their second generation will ultimately become the standard-of-care is what they've shown and just a true sense of competitiveness. So, in quarter three, BWI was up about 19%, Joanne, and as I mentioned, about 24% in the US, but 13% OUS, and very healthy growth in Europe, a very healthy growth in Asia. That is a category that, like joint, is going to go through a bit of a VBP impact in some quarters to come, but we have very differentiated innovation, and we're building kind of local on-the-ground capability to endure through those. And when I think about the state of innovation, it's just making sure that we can, from an industry penetration, take that from 12% penetration and double that. And that really is the single-minded focus of all of the innovation is to locate better lesions, deliver better lesion, make it a safer, less fluoro in the procedure, make it safer for electrophysiologists and quite frankly, scale it. There's a shortage of electrophysiologist. So we invest a lot of money on market creation. Thank you, Joanne.
Jennifer Taubert: Thank you, Ashley, and hello, everyone. Good morning. I'd really like to start off by thanking my pharmaceutical colleagues for another strong quarter with operational growth of 9%. That was broadly based across our portfolio and our regions. As Jess noted, we continue to maximize the value of our diverse leading portfolio, delivering above-market growth with a number of key drivers: DARZALEX, TREMFYA, STELARA, ERLEADA, also UPTRAVI, XARELTO and our long-acting paliperidone portfolio. So, really great performance across the portfolio and throughout the globe. In addition to our strong performance, the Pharmaceutical business achieved some important milestones during the quarter, both in terms of approvals and new data readouts. So first, we're really pleased to announce our first approval globally for TECVAYLI. This is our first-in-class off the shelf bispecific antibody for patients with relapsed and refractory multiple myeloma, and this approval was from the European Commission. And we are on track to receive approval from the US FDA before year-end. TECVAYLI is a really important addition to our multiple myeloma portfolio, particularly for this difficult to treat patient population. Also in multiple myeloma, the final analysis from our Phase 2 GRIFFIN study of a DARZALEX based investigational quadruplet regimen was presented, really highlighting the potential benefit of adding DARZALEX to this front-light treatment regimen in multiple myeloma in newly diagnosed transplant eligible patients. Separately, we received two approvals for IMBRUVICA. So European Commission approved an all-oral fixed duration treatment combination with venetoclax in frontline CLL. And the US FDA granted approval for pediatric patients with chronic graft versus host disease, marking the first pediatric approval for IMBRUVICA and making IMBRUVICA the only BTKi with 12 FDA approvals across seven indications. If we turn to solid tumors, data from our early-stage trials from our combination of amivantamab plus lazertinib were presented at WCLC. Importantly, these data demonstrated a benefit in frontline treatment of EGFR mutant non-small cell lung cancer, and we look forward to data from our Phase 3 MARIPOSA study in the future. And last, in immunology, we presented new data for TREMFYA from the Phase 3b GUIDE study, which demonstrated even higher rates of complete skin clearance in adult patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis who were started earlier in the course of their disease. So it bodes well for earlier treatment for TREMFYA and continued growth. As I said, I'm really proud of our pharmaceuticals team and what we accomplished in the third quarter, and I look forward to finishing the year strong. As we look ahead, with our focus on transformational medical innovation, our pipeline of current medicines, our robust pipeline of new medicines and world-class capabilities, we remain really confident in our growth expectations. The ones that we outlined at our pharmaceutical business review last November, including the fact that we expect to be a $60 billion pharmaceutical company by 2025. So thank you very much. And Jess, I'll turn it back over to you.
Jennifer Taubert: Hi, Chris. Good morning. So for 2023, we anticipate another year of above-market growth for the Pharmaceuticals group. These results, we anticipate to be driven by continued growth of our key brands like DARZALEX, TREMFYA, ERLEADA, INVEGA, SUSTENNA and UPTRAVI. And this really coming from a combination of increased penetration as well as continued market share gains. And then we also continue -- or expect continued uptake of our new launches. So products like CARVYKTI, TECVAYLI that I just mentioned, products like Spravato, et cetera. And so while we do anticipate STELARA LOE really in that late September time frame or towards the end of the year, we believe that we've got a lot of tailwinds with our existing portfolio and our new launches to continue to have another year of above-market growth in 2023.
Jennifer Taubert: Hi, Louise, thanks so much for the question. So, the projections that we gave you about the $60 billion in revenue by 2025 really is all based on our current portfolio and our current pipeline, so that doesn't have anything factored in right now in terms of M&A. Anything that we did there, we would look at to be additive. When we take a look at how we're going to get there, we really believe we're going to have a compound annual growth rate of at least 5%, with growth in every year, and that includes through the STELARA LOE. We think we've got eight key brands that we'll be able to post double-digit growth through 2025. And as we take a look through our pipeline and portfolio between now and then 14 novel therapies filed with potential to exceed $1 billion, and we've got five of which we think actually have potential to exceed $5 billion, so that's products like Novavax vaccine, which is in our partnership with Bristol-Myers Squibb; amivantamab and lazertinib combination, which I mentioned for non-small cell lung cancer that we've got good data coming through; nipocalimab, which is progressing really nicely through the various stages of clinical development. That's the auto antibody asset that we brought in from the Momenta acquisition. We have our TARIS platform that is progressing nicely for bladder cancer, and we have CARVYKTI. While we're still in the early stages of launching and ramping that asset, based on the strength of the data and the clinical trials remain really bullish on what CARVYKTI is going to mean for patients with multiple myeloma around the world. And so I think based on our existing assets and the continued growth, I mean if you take a look at DARZALEX and the results that we just posted quarter, 39% growth, consistent with what we've been seeing as well as growth in assets like TREMFYA, ERLEADA, et cetera. You take a look at the existing portfolio, you layer in on top of that what's coming through with the pipeline, and that's what gives us the confidence to hit that $60 billion organically. That being said, in line with Joe, we're constantly looking for ways that we can continue to augment and further build our pipeline and to do so out of a position of strength. And so predominantly, we keep our innovation engine going, bringing in things in the earlier stages, which is usually our sweet spot because we can put our R&D machinery against it as well as our terrific regulatory and commercial and market access capabilities to really build things out. But that doesn't rule out later-stage acquisitions or in-market acquisitions as well.
Jennifer Taubert: Got it. Thanks so much for the question, Jeff. So if we start off with immunology. Yes, I mean the market will be experiencing a significant event, at least in the US with some competitive biosimilars coming in against other assets. We do anticipate that that will cause a bit of disruption. But when we take a look at our business and TREMFYA, so focusing on TREMFYA for psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis, I think based on what this has really the first IL-23 is delivering and delivering for patients. We can anticipate that there will still be strong continued growth for that asset. We're very, very confident in our excess positions there and being able to retain that even in the face of biosimilars to other products that are launching. Also put in a plug while we're at it. I'm talking about TREMFYA that we also feel really good about how our product TREMFYA is working through the Phase 3 clinical trials for Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis, and look forward to hopefully getting that data in through the regulatory process and launching to bring even more benefit to patients with that. So we do anticipate continued growth there. And then on CARVYKTI, we're really pleased with how the product is performing for patients and the data that we're continuing to see, maybe if I start off on CARTITUDE-4 and then I'll come back on the launch. We do anticipate CARTITUDE-4 hopefully reporting by year-end. It's an event driven trial. So we have to wait until we have all of the events. But that’s currently what we're planning for now, so that everyone knows CARTITUDE-4 is our study that takes a look at CARVYKTI in one to three prior lines of therapy. We're really interested and looking forward to seeing those results. So if we take a look at the early launch for CARVYKTI, we've always talked about this being really planned and thoughtful approach to scaling it. And so we're in the process right now. We've really been working closely with the centers where we had done the clinical trials to work through the initial phases. I know everyone knows about the worldwide lentivirus shortage. We've made really good progress on that and have good line of sight to that not being something that we're dependent, that not being a rate-limiting factor in the future. We're also working towards really being able to scale this at a broad level to be able to accommodate what we're seeing is both great demand for the product right now, but also what we anticipate with CARTITUDE-4, as well as hopefully with CARTITUDE-5, which would be in frontline therapy. So we reconfirm this as really a big asset with a lot of growth potential and one of our potentially $5 billion-plus brands.
Jennifer Taubert: Thanks, Terry. So first question. So STELARA and TREMFYA, we're not -- we don't provide guidance by product or combinations of that. What I can say is that we do anticipate continued robust growth TREMFYA. Next year, as I indicated, TREMFYA in psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis is really showing very strong market share gains and penetration in that market. STELARA really competes, and its strong growth has been in Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis. And so when you take a look at those two markets, we do anticipate both of those continuing to show really good growth, at least through the first three quarters of next year with STELARA, then post September being impacted by biosimilars. And then on nipocalimab, so I don't have really to share there yet for nipocalimab. Consistent with all of our processes when we finish our studies, we go ahead and submit them to major medical meetings and get them published. I remain really confident in nipocalimab as an asset, and we've really taken a look at, at building that out across 10 or 11 different indications, including the potential for RA, which we think could be a big one. So definitely more to come on that as we can share it.
Joe Wolk: Good morning Chris. Thanks for your questions. What I'll do is I'll give you some insights around 2023 op margin. And then maybe I think it might be productive to turn it over to each of the segment heads to talk about what their outlook is for 2023 in a qualitative way at this point. So for 2023 op margins, I think you have a couple of dynamics that we're facing. Clearly, the macroeconomic pressures that all industries and all companies are facing is something that we have to address as well. While healthcare is a very, very good business and more resilient than most, it's not as if we're immune to some of those dynamics. So as we finalize our plans for 2023, we will be looking at prioritizing our resource deployment to those initiatives, those projects, those services that deliver the most value for patients, which in turn is then healthy for our business. The other dynamic that's at play, Chris, and maybe why I'm a little bit hesitant to give you specific guidance at this point in time, is the separation of the Consumer Health business, so we're going through some of our plans now. We have the opportunity, as we said on prior calls, to rightsize our infrastructure for a two-segment company versus a three-segment company that we've had historically. And so we're looking at opportunities there as well. I think given the pressures from both of those fronts, we take it as our responsibility here at Johnson & Johnson's management to ensure that we mitigate those, we prioritize every dollar that we have that goes to securing our long-term future, specifically in innovation and R&D. And that's where we'll continue to focus. We know that, that has a proven track record of success when we do that, specifically when we focus on those precious few projects that matter the most. And that's what we'll continue to do in 2023. So more to come on op margins, but we will -- we're not oblivious, obviously, to the world around us, and we're going to manage those very, very effectively. Why don't I turn it over to Jennifer to maybe give an outlook on Pharmaceuticals and specifically address the impact for STELARA next year.
Joe Wolk: So, Chris, hopefully, that answers your question. But I think what you should take away is, clearly, the breadth of our portfolio, the reach of our geographic presence positions us very, very well. While STELARA is certainly a big product. I think its Johnson & Johnson's largest product ever, we're not dependent on one product alone. And so the breadth of the portfolio that exists today as well as that, which is on the come, I think, bodes extremely well for continued growth that investors have come to expect.
Joe Wolk: Yes, Larry, regarding M&A. Well, first of all, let me start with just reiterating the strong free cash flow that we have year-to-date, over $13 billion, also very proud of the fact that we've been able to distribute nearly a $11 billion to shareholders through the form of our dividend program, as well as the repurchase program that was announced just mid last month. So we feel really good on that front. But as you likely noticed in today's comments, we still hold $34 billion of cash, which positions us extremely well to continue exercising that level of capital allocation around acquisitions or significant collaborations going forward. So our priorities have not changed. In fact, maybe we're even a little bit more bullish and eager to do something. But as folks come to know us, we're not going to do anything haphazardly. We're not – the aspect of this company that is really enjoyable as being the CFO is we don't have to do anything out of desperation. We're going to find those assets that have a great strategic fit, and then make sense from a financial perspective with respect to returning to shareholders something that compensates them for the risk that we're bearing on their behalf. The market is a little bit funny. The volatility actually doesn't help for a conducive M&A environment right now, because you have sellers – potential sellers holding on to 52-week highs, or all-time highs, which, quite frankly, aren't too distant in the rearview mirror. We're going to approach it with a very fundamental discounted cash flow analysis, to make sure we're bringing value forward. But the short answer to your question is our priorities have not changed. We're looking to complement the already strong portfolio you heard in the first round of responses.
Joe Wolk: Great. Thanks, Jess. Thank you, Thibaut, Ashley, Jennifer and Jess, for participating in today's call. And as Jess said, thanks to all of you for your time today. Hopefully, you saw with our third quarter performance, the strength of Johnson & Johnson across all of our segments and our collective ability to manage macroeconomic headwinds as well as the unfavorable impact from a stronger US dollar. We certainly take seriously our responsibility to be a reliable, strong investment in many ways for shareholders even though uncertainty may be high. Have a great day, and we look forward to our next conversation.
