Alex Gorsky: I think overall the headline that I’d encourage you to think about is we think that there’s a big growth opportunity in emerging markets. And in spite of some quarterly ups and downs, in spite of a few shifts here and there in specific segments, or product performance, we see that these markets will likely continue to grow at about 3 to 4 times the growth rates that we’re seeing in developed markets over the next several years. And so specifically for Q4, there were things in Q4 2012 that you’d have to think about in ’13, but overall what we’re seeing, for example in BRIC markets, growth for the year is about 12%. And we saw performance slightly lower than that in Q4, again impacted by a number of factors. If we look at our current business, clearly MD&D is our leader in the BRIC markets, and has done very well. What you see is high teen growth, sometimes exceeding 20%, based upon the investments that we’ve made in research and development, manufacturing, and commercial presence in those markets.  Our consumer growth has also done well in them, impacted somewhat recently by some of the ingredient issues that we faced, but here too we’ve got a lot of market appropriate products. We’ve invested significantly as well in manufacturing and commercial capabilities. And obviously our pharmaceutical group is a little bit different, because we have been very open about our strategic intent not to participate in the generic segment, which has an impact there. But we still believe there’s a lot of opportunity to address both unmet need as well as the business opportunity with some of our higher technology products.  And by the way, if you look at some of the other investments that we’ve made in companies like [unintelligible] several years ago, recently with Elsker, which expanded our presence in the baby segment. We also did the MD&D investment in our biosurgicals business, which will help us expand that platform there in the coming years. We remain very confident in the opportunities for growth there in the future.
Alex Gorsky: Let me start with the first one. Overall, we continue to think that the cardiovascular area is certainly an area of a lot of unmet medical need, and also represents an opportunity for us. I think the decision we made several years ago, of streamlining our current cardiovascular portfolio, was in fact the right one. And if you take a look at the dynamics in the stent market, even more broadly in CRM and some other areas, they’ve been pretty challenging lately, for a number of different reasons.  And so I think making that decision helped us better focus on areas like EP and Biosense Webster, where I couldn’t be more proud of that team. I think we’ve got over 15 quarters of about 13%-plus growth. And at the same time, we made significant investments in new technology that continue to enable them to improve patient outcomes with new product launches. I think we’ve also done a very nice job, and I compliment Gary Pruden and Shlomi Nachman on the job they’ve done in the rest of the business, in streamlining what we’re doing in the endovascular space as well. So if you look at overall performance of our cardiovascular group through some very prudent, relatively minor investments, and frankly just better execution, that business we think is on much better footing now than it was before. We noted really over the last 24 months that we’re continuing to look at renal denervation. Of course you saw the recent information that was released by one of our competitors regarding their device. We have our own approach. We remain hopeful in this area. As we know, if we can truly achieve some of the drops in blood pressure that we’re seeing in some of the other trials, that could have a tremendous impact for patients. So we continue to pursue that. We’re looking at AAA, obviously. We continue to be interested there. And we’re watching the other spaces accordingly. I think the transcatheter aortic valves are still in the midst of their launch, working their way through not only the technology issue. Of course they only have two options on the market. As they work their way through reimbursement, we’ll watch that closely, as well as the others. So we remain interested, but we think being where we are right now is a good place to be. If I look at orthopedics for a moment, we were encouraged by the trends that we saw really later in the third and heading into the fourth quarter. As I mentioned during my talk, I think the data is still somewhat mixed overall, if you take a look at utilization. So let’s start with the hospital data. A lot of you share that. If you look at in patient procedures, if you look at surgical procedures, if you look at outpatient procedures, if you look at lab tests, they remained essentially flat through the end of the year. We saw physician visits up slightly, and I mean slightly, 1-2%, and of course we saw improvements in hips, knees, and trauma in the fourth quarter. I’m really proud of what our DePuy Synthes team did in the fourth quarter. If you look at our underlying hip business, we grew 5%. On a worldwide basis, we grew 8% in the U.S. If you look at knees, we grew 8% worldwide. We grew 9% in the U.S. If you look at trauma, we grew 7% worldwide, we grew 10% in the United States. And the 10% was somewhat accelerated because of what happened in the fourth quarter of last year. But if we look at more underlying fundamentals, what we’re seeing with accounts, what we’re seeing with customers in the field, we remain very hopeful. We think we’re going to have to watch the Affordable Care Act and its impact here in the United States closely. Just recently the Congressional Budget Office, as well as [unintelligible], if you look at their assumptions and projections about numbers of patients, I think they’ve been reduced substantially, based upon sign up rates.  So we do expect there to be some assistance there, probably not at the rate that was earlier projected. And of course there’s also the fourth quarter dynamic in the orthopedics market of, you know, people utilizing all of their healthcare benefit as well. So we’re cautiously optimistic, I would say, regarding the fundamentals of some of these markets. Longer term, we still think they represent a very significant opportunity. 
Alex Gorsky: As I mentioned, and actually as we’ve envisioned over the past several years, we have a strong belief in the evolving healthcare marketplace today that in many areas, that customers, certainly hospitals under increasing pressure, are going to be looking for, frankly, ways of creating new partnerships with customers and moving from just a volume based model to a much broader portfolio model. And as we look at that, and we think that we’re very well-positioned, and I want to be clear that our number one focus is still on bringing new, innovative products to market, gaining share, we think there’s a lot of opportunity. But we also think that the unique depth and breadth of our portfolio, especially in areas like orthopedics, where we touch so many of the different spaces, but even more broadly, if you just think about a knee or a hip procedure, and if you combine what we do in the surgical side, with our hemostats, with our energy instrumentation, along with what you might see in the prosthetic device and instruments itself, potentially longer term even with our pharmaceutical line, we think that we have a unique offering. And so on a selective basis, right now, we have been working with customers to contract with them in a different way. And so again, it’s still early, but we think in the right areas, this can be a substantial opportunity for us to grow our share as well as to work closely with hospitals in helping them better manage outcomes and costs.
Alex Gorsky: That’s a good point. We continue to believe that the spine market long term is a very good opportunity. When you talk about it, I think the number two reason why someone goes to a physician, or makes a physician visit, is for back pain. We know that that market has undergone a lot of change over the past few years, and we certainly felt that.  We do feel, if we look at the overall integration of DePuy Synthes, that one challenge for us was clearly in the spine. And we recognized that going into it, when you had to bring that organization, that’s where the greatest amount of overlap versus hips, knees, and trauma, sports medicine, and other areas. And we did see higher sales force turnover, frankly, than we would have liked to see. I think Michel and Gary Fischetti and his team have done a nice job of addressing many of those concerns. I think our performance in Q4, while still not where we want it to be, is showing some improving trends, in fact outside the United States we’re actually positive. And also, with some of the complementary nature of some of the underlying technology that we have in the other orthopedic segments, that scientifically, commercially, contractually, it will be an important piece of our business. And we’re confident that we’ll get that back to a growth rate that may not be reflective of the growth rate that you saw several years ago, that we saw several years ago in spine, and nonetheless is a healthy and sustainable one for the business.
Alex Gorsky: I’d like to note, and first of all, congratulate Sandy, Lynn, and our entire consumer team, for what I do think was strong performance throughout 2013, but certainly in Q4. And just a couple of things to note. One is we obviously have been really focused on making sure that we meet all our consent decree requirements. And we’ve learned a lot through that process. And it’s taken an integrated effort on the part of our supply chain, our information technology group, our business partners.  And sitting here today, having met all of our consent decree requirements thus far, we continue to gain confidence now in our ability going forward to do just that. So we still have a substantial volume that we would have to make up to get back to the earlier volumes that we saw, but every time we introduce the product to the market, Extra Strength Tylenol, if you look at Children’s Tylenol, Children’s Motrin, pediatric, we’re seeing customers respond.  We began not only focusing on the remediation, but really the relaunch program, on the McNeil team, particularly in the fourth quarter. I’m sure you saw some of that in the media and the advertising. We’ve seen a very nice response and uptake as a result of that. And so we continue to bring things back online, but obviously we’ve got to do that in a very thoughtful, disciplined way, to make sure we meet all of the requirements as well as launch them. The other factor is, though, we’re very pleased with the partnership that’s been taking place with our major trade partners. So all the major outlets have been enthusiastic about working with us to get these brands back on the shelves. Now, while I’m very proud of that, I’m also very proud of what we’re seeing in our core brands. And so if you look at the core strength of things like baby care, up 6% for the quarter, Listerine, up 6%, actually about 8.5% outside the U.S. If we look at OTC, you heard 21-22% growth in the United States, very strong growth. Overall, skin was up over 9%. And that’s really being driven by Jennifer Anniston and the campaign, the great science and technology and Neutrogena, Aveeno turned in strong growth.  And so as you know, in the consumer group it takes great scientifically driven innovation, combined with strong innovation in advertising, great retail partnerships and programs, to really drive that together, but I think now we’re in a much better position with our core business as well as with our OTC business, to really have our consumer group deliver the kind of performance that we would expect longer term.
Alex Gorsky: It’s a good question. We’ve been very open about our overall strategy for the organization of always having a goal of growing slightly faster than our markets at a minimum. And that remains our goal in MD&D. Now, if we project out that the underlying growth rate in MD&D is somewhere between 3% and 4%, we clearly want to do better than that. And if I look at performance over the course of 2013, I think there are reasons to believe and be more optimistic about what we’re seeing. Now, you always have to be thoughtful when you take a look at the numbers, but if we account for acquisitions and divestitures, and there was a significant swing also on the diabetes test strip, if we pull those things out, we’re seeing a growth rate of about 3.2%, which we think is pretty indicative of the over marketplace. And that’s in spite of a lot of churn that we’ve had in other areas of that business. And I think as we look forward, we talked are looking at orthopedics, what we’re doing there, I think we’re in a much better position there as we’ve ended 2013 and we’re setting ourselves up for the future.  If you look at a few of the other areas in MD&D, where we know we can improve performance, we’re also making good progress. So, for example, if you look at the innovation in energy, the G2 articulating device that we have coming out, the [unintelligible] HARMONIC seven, we think is going to have us be much more competitive, and we’re introducing those to the market, literally as we speak. I think biosurgicals is another area that’s going to be a strong platform for growth going forward as well. So we do think this should be a business that’s growing in the areas that you mentioned, and that I mentioned earlier, and it could be a very strong supporter overall for Johnson & Johnson well into the future. Obviously, we are also looking at the portfolio. I want to congratulate the work the team did with ortho clinical diagnostics. First start by thanking our employees there through this process, for the great job that they’ve done, but also the work that the team did in working with Carlyle. And we continue to look at other areas of our portfolio as well to make sure we’re investing where we can make a big difference for patients, where we can have strong market positions and ultimately lead to future growth.
Alex Gorsky: Good questions both. You know, first of all, let me start with diabetes. We remain committed in the diabetes space. The fact that there’s over 350 million people around the world that have type II diabetes, and if we look at the projections going forward and the unmet medical need that exists in that space, it’s important that we continue to do work there. Now, over the course of 2013, given some of the changes that we saw and the over 70% reduction in some of the bidding here in the United States, we had to make necessary changes to our business model, which we did make during the course of the year. And those are always painful, but I would actually applaud the work that our teams have done in that area to quickly reorganize and focus their business. And in fact, we’re somewhat encouraged, even in Q4 of this year, we had growth outside the United States in our diabetes unit. And we also started, with the launch of INVOKANA this year, a very unique partnership between our Lifescan group as well as our Jansen Pharmaceutical group, and we jointly focused in endocrinology, and we also feel that that partnership and the broader offering that we were able to bring into that office led to the rapid uptake in endocrinology, where we actually passed Januvia, fairly early on, and we’ve continued to maintain that. So long term, obviously we’re going to continue to take a hard look. We’re committed to that business. We think that overall diabetes is an interesting space, but we also recognize that we’ll need to change the shape and how we function within that as we go forward. So that would be my position on diabetes. Regarding INVOKANA and XARELTO, look, we think that these are both great products. In fact, rather than products, they’re almost platforms within products. And that’s certainly true when you have a compound like XARELTO, and the great job that Paul and his team have done on expanding the indications, rapidly getting six indications, the data that they’ve built, the very large clinical trial database, combined with the commercial excellence that Joaquin and his team have provided. I think they’ve done a great job, and we think that there’s further opportunities for growth there as well. And certainly the same when we look at INVOKANA. We have combinations that we’ll continue to work on, and there’s still a lot of unmet need, and we’re very early in the launch process there. But we think that overall the area of cardiovascular, metabolic disease is an important one, and one where we want to play.
Alex Gorsky: One thing that I would add is, as we look at Europe, there’s a couple of ways to view it, I think one is clearly we saw an impact over the last few years with things like austerity measures, increased queuing in our medical devices area, and perhaps some more challenging tenders. but I’d also point out that if you look at the growth that we’ve seen in our pharmaceuticals segment in Europe over the past couple of years, it’s been exceptional.  And I think what that demonstrates is that when you do bring pharmaceutical products to the market, that are very differentiated, that have strong science, strong labels, good clinical dossiers, and you match that with great account teams, great commercial presence, you can get uptake. And I think that’s really been driving our success in that environment. And look, we’ve got a lot of pockets. We have pockets in our consumer area that have done very well in Europe, we have other areas in our MD&D, like I mentioned the specific comments about diabetes, given some of the challenges how our business has done. Energy had done very well over the past couple of quarters there. So yes, it’s a challenging environment, but it’s also one where I think you can be successful ultimately, if you bring the right innovation the right way to the market.
Alex Gorsky: When you take on an acquisition and integration of an enterprise that size, over $4 billion in sales, many employees, it’s a complex undertaking. And we knew from the very beginning that ultimately, looking at the number of people that are in the orthopedic space, looking at how that space is evolving, we felt very strongly the size, the scale, that the innovation technology advantage we’d get from bringing that together is essential for success long term. But in year one, you have a lot of the nuts and bolts, frankly, of the integration, just bringing them together on the ordering systems, getting the sales forces together, the compensation systems common, human resource programs, standardizing all of our qualities, supply chain, compliance programs. All of those kinds of things were really the focus at the tail end of ’12. If you think about it, we didn’t close until the second half in 2013. I think we made a lot of progress in each one of those areas. Admittedly, there are going to be some bumps in the road when you do things like that, and the team went through that. But I think now they’re focusing much more externally.  So what I would say is as we move through 2013, there’s still work that we need to do in bringing it together, but now the emphasis more is shifting into what does that ultimately mean for the customers. So how do we make sure that we work more broadly with the [AO] foundation to ensure physicians and surgeons are getting kind of the training and education that they desire. How can we work together even more closely in places like China, where we know that in the trauma marketplace there’s a significant opportunity.  I mentioned, I think, getting over some of the real challenges that we had in spine, bringing those two together. And frankly, in fundamentally changing this platform offering, instead of just the knee, just the hip, just bringing a much broader portfolio approach where we see a lot of interest on the part of customers, not only here in the United States, but also globally, to fundamentally transform the model. So I think that would be the fundamental shift that we’re seeing. 
Alex Gorsky: We want to continue to identify and pursue areas where we think, number one, there’s a lot of unmet medical need, and two, where we can work with technology and innovation to make a meaningful difference for patients and for our customers. And we think over the last few years, within each sector, if you take a look at some of the investments that we’ve made and identified in our pharmaceutical group, that we’ve done a very good job in accomplishing that. And that’s resulted in products like ibrutinib, some of the partnerships that we’ve had in other areas of our business, XARELTO and INVOKANA.  And we would expect to continue that, and I think that our group has done a great job of identifying those kind of technologies very early, rapidly developing them, and bringing them to market in a great way. I think in MD&D, we continue to innovate, but obviously we made a very big investment in Synthes, where we think size and scale is going to be important. But we’re also focusing a lot on looking more broadly across our MD&D portfolio, on how we might work with customers in new and unique ways.  And we’ll continue to look for both new technologies within the different sectors we have in MD&D, but also for adjacencies that we think, again, help us better serve patients, but also broaden our offerings in some cases. And in consumer, I think the team has done a great job, particularly over the past 12 months, of really better focusing the business. I mentioned that in my talk. And now, obviously, we’ll take a hard look, but there we think there are a lot of regional opportunities. We think there are other areas of the portfolio that also we can augment. But we’ve also demonstrated, I think, over the past couple of years, that we’ve done a nice job on selected divestitures as well, to better focus some of our efforts. So I wouldn’t say that there’s a fourth leg per se, but I think we’re always looking for big areas of unmet medical need, areas that may broaden our platforms, or that could provide a brand new platform going forward.
Alex Gorsky: Thank you very much, everyone. I’m not sure if it’s snowing yet outside, but I’m sure we’ll hear soon. I’d like to end, basically, where I started this morning, and thank all of you for making the effort to be here and participating in today’s meeting.  As I said earlier in my talk, I think our strategic framework and our broad base of offerings, critical mass, and positions, really puts Johnson & Johnson in a good place to drive growth in today’s marketplace. And this year we’re going to work very hard on continuing to deliver new innovative products and solutions for consumers and patients around the world, and by implementing and focusing on those near term priorities I talked about, as well as the longer term growth drivers. We look forward to continuing to update you on our progress against them, just as we did last year. And I’d also like to ask you to please save the date for the medical device and diagnostics business review on May 22, which we’ll host in New Brunswick. Again, that’s May 22, in New Brunswick, for MD&D review. So let me close by saying thank you, safe travels, and we’ll look forward to seeing you next year. Bye for now.
Dominic Caruso: On the growth rate, I think it’s a story of a very high base in the pharmaceutical business after a tremendous year. And in fact, although the pharmaceutical business will continue to grow, it just won’t grow at the same rate that it grew at in 2013, given the high base that it’s already at after a pretty fantastic year. So that alone, I think, accounts for the majority of the difference and what you’re referring to as a deceleration in growth. We do expect MD&D and consumer to pick up in growth. I think the pharma comparisons are tough year over year. And I think we ended the year at good, strong growth. We did have some good opportunities in the year that, again, form a base for which then to grow off of, makes it just difficult.  It’s early in the year. This is our view. We try to take everything into consideration. We provide you our estimates, but that’s our current expectation of course [unintelligible], throughout the year.  If I can give just a few comments on cash, obviously cash, we generate, as you know, mostly outside the U.S., and it does grow, because of our healthy cash position. We obviously look to maintain the increase in our dividend, so we don’t view that as a hindrance to doing that. We’re still able to do that. And we view that as a great opportunity to invest in the long term growth market, and as you saw with the Synthes transaction, where we were able to use cash outside the U.S. for a significant acquisition. So we’ll always look to do those kinds of things with the cash first, continue our dividend and invest in growing the business. But at some point, and I’m not prepared to give you that point today, at some point we would consider whether repatriating the cash would be a prudent thing to do. At the current U.S. tax rate, and with the current penalty, quite frankly on the repatriation, it appears to us that that’s not a good way to utilize the cash, and it provides for a significant diminution in value to our shareholders by doing so. 
Dominic Caruso: Sure, just some comments on Europe. We did see some stabilization in certain parts of Europe, where as you all know, you’re following, in southern Europe there was a significant decline in utilization. So that’s stabilized a bit, although we don’t see significant growth in utilization in those parts of Europe. And we do see, as reflected in my comments, a continued pressure on pricing, particularly in Europe and particularly in the regions that have had the lower utilization rates. Rather than a resurgence of growth, we see actually a continued decline due to pricing in those markets.
Dominic Caruso: Thanks for the comments on free cash flow. You know, our teams do a great job of managing not only the P&L but also the cash genomes. If you look at our history, our free cash flow essentially equates to our earnings, within a band of somewhere between 95% to 105%. So if you’re modeling it within that range, that’s about what we should expect. Obviously, there’s payments, we have to pay litigation settlements, those sorts of things. That may swing it one way or another.  But that seems to be the place that we’re able, through our efforts, and through the teams around the world, generate significant cash flows that are essentially the same as the earnings that we generate, which is a remarkable achievement. With respect to the OCD net proceeds, as I mentioned earlier, it’s just early. We’re going to evaluate how to best use those proceeds, but rest assured that as we think about how to best use those proceeds, we want to obviously offset the dilutive impact of not having the business in our go forward results. So there are multiple ways to do that. We’ll consider the best way possible.
Dominic Caruso: The clinical diagnostic industry basically operates, and you guys can look it up, at a margin that’s below the level at which Johnson & Johnson operates in total. And our ortho clinical diagnostic business is consistent with those industry margins. So think about it this way, I would size it up, you know, the sales of the business are about 2.5% of our total sales. Profitability of the business is less than that, because obviously it operates on a lower margin than the rest of our business. And if you take a half-year impact from the divestiture closing midyear, it’s not a significant impact to the overall profitability of the enterprise at all. So that’s the way I would think about it.
