Dominic Caruso: Sure Mike. Well, you're right. You did challenge us on that presumed level of conservatism. I would say just as a way of background, we are trying to forecast new product sales in a dynamic healthcare environment and we are also trying to forecast various economic trends and utilization rates in the marketplace. So we do our best to give you our sense for what we are seeing at the time. What we are seeing now is a better overall sense of the launch, particularly the launch of the new products within pharma. And OLYSIO as you pointed out has done remarkably well. Yes, it’s done better than we expected. It’s primarily due to the fact that the Liver Society issued guidelines in January recommending the use of OLYSIO along with the product from Gilead, Sovaldi. And that has been adopted by the community, by the medical community as a standard of care based on the liver guidelines of the society of liver specialist guidelines. So that’s something that we learned after our guidance. We saw it take off and we are very pleased with the results. And if you look at the total increase in our sales guidance, which is about roughly $1 billion, I would say the majority of that is due to the fact that OLYSIO now is performing much better than our earlier expectations and we are very pleased with that. And obviously more patients are gaining the benefit of utilizing this new therapy. As far as sustainability is concerned, I think you know that there are competitive products on the horizon. The goal of searching for interferon-free therapy seems like it will be a reality. And there are products that are expected to be approved later this year. So we’ll have to wait and see whether those products are in fact approved. And then of course we’ll reassess the long-term outlook for OLYSIO given any new product or new competition. And just as a reminder, we are also studying OLYSIO in a Phase 3 clinical trial along with Sovaldi. So we’ll have that data after that trial is concluded and that will give us a better idea of the overall sustainability as well.
Dominic Caruso: No Mike, let me just reiterate that. So the $0.06 that I referred to as the benefit from exchange rates versus last year is related to simply we gave guidance on an operational constant currency basis of $5.74 to $5.84, but then when you consider the uptick in exchange rates particularly the euro that will benefit that constant currency range by $0.06 and therefore we’ve increased our guidance by that $0.06 to $5.80 to $5.90 or a midpoint of say $5.85 compared to the midpoint in January of $5.80. The overall increase in FX impact between those two guidance points is only about a penny, it was about $0.05 in the January discussion and just about $0.06 now.
Dominic Caruso: Yes. We expect that given the strength of the business today and the range of guidance we’ve provided assuming that transaction closes at mid-year, we believe that any remaining negative impact from not having those earnings for the balance of the year would certainly be absorbed within the range of guidance we’ve now just provided for earnings per share.
Dominic Caruso: Yes. I think a couple of things, one is we’re starting the first quarter with tremendous growth from new product launches in pharma. They don’t have a pro rata increase in SG&A from the prior year. Secondly, we have implemented some cost reductions and combined some businesses in the MD&D sector of our business to better compete in the current dynamic marketplace. And thirdly, we do have a number of programs as we’ve talked about before and Alex spoke about in January the overall streamlines of operations; and not only reduce some cost, but also get more focus and more simplicity and agility into our operations. So I think all of those things will help and would result in SG&A being lower this year as compared to last year. Although, as you pointed out that we haven’t yet invested everything we would like to invest for the balance of the year. So my guidance does include the fact that we would ramp up some investment in the balance of the year, which is not yet included in the first quarter results.
Dominic Caruso: Yes. I think that we obviously benefited from strong growth of new product launches in Europe in the pharmaceutical business. I don’t think there was anything in particular to point out in any of the other businesses. There is nothing like substantially positive or negative in the Europe business [that is] primarily driven by the pharmaceutical launches in Europe.
Dominic Caruso: Sure. Kristen, well just to remind you, we excluded it from our ongoing operating results. So, it’s the earnings excluding special items of a $1.54 exclude this benefit, just to be clear. It’s reported in the overall GAAP results of a $1.64 that’s primarily why the GAAP results are higher. So that business was the business we acquired for the next generation of drug eluting stents several years ago. And we pulled out of that business, we wrote down the assets associated with that business previously. And when we took that write down for book purposes, we also excluded that from our ongoing earnings and recorded it as a special item. Now what happened in this past quarter is the underlying shares of the business that we bought, we bought the stock of that company, we sold that company along with its related intellectual property. And as part of that sale, we recognized for tax purposes a capital loss. That capital loss generates as you know a tax benefit. And so we thought it would be prudent to record that tax benefit as a special item because it essentially offsets the previous write down for book purposes which was also special item.
Dominic Caruso: Sure. So, what we saw in the U.S. markets, as I commented in my script was a similar type of year-over-year decline in the rate of utilization, particularly hospital admissions as well as lab procedure. So, these have been trending now for the past year or so at minor downticks in quarter -- year-over-year growth in the quarter or depression in utilization from the prior year. So we saw that continue in the first quarter. With respect to orthopedics in particular, we did expect, I think many of you all expected that the higher utilization in the fourth quarter was a result of seasonality, primarily related to the health plans and also probably some influence from the Affordable Care Act rush to get coverage in some, maybe some confusion over what was happening in the marketplace. So in particular, the orthopedic trends did slowdown in the first quarter compared to the fourth quarter. And we saw this very same phenomenon a year ago. So, it’s now become quite a seasonal business from that perspective that we see a real uptick at the back end of the year and then a slowdown in the early part of the year. The only other thing I would say that in the medical device business more broadly we did see some softer trends in elective procedures we think in the U.S. that’s probably due to the severe winter conditions, so we don’t have any exact data on that fact but anecdotally that’s what it appears, has impacted utilization rates in the first quarter or slightly as far as the data we have is concerned.
Dominic Caruso: Sure. Yes, so for BRIC growth this quarter, we saw about 13% growth in the BRIC markets and for the broader emerging markets about 7% growth.
Dominic Caruso: Yes. So in January, when we provide the guidance in January, we said that we thought negative pricing pressures particularly in Europe would impact our pre-tax operating margin by about 50 basis points, we still see that. So, we don't think it's gotten any worse. So we're consistently seeing same type of pricing pressure we saw, but we developed our plans for 2014, so no change in our expectation.
Dominic Caruso: Yes. Sure Derrick. Well, as we said in our overall guidance both in January and today, we expect the impact of the devaluation of the yen to impact gross margins for the year about 60 basis points and I said that it would accelerate through the balance of the year, just because of the way the transactions were hedged. In the first quarter alone we estimate that that impact was only about 20 basis points negative to gross margin. So we haven’t yet seen the full impact of the yen devaluation. And with respect to overall gross margin performance even excluding that primarily driven by the mix of the business because of course our pharmaceutical business is our highest gross margin business and that’s delivered most of the growth this quarter. And yes in fact that growth in gross margin has been positively impacted by the sales of OLYSIO.
Dominic Caruso: Sure, Derrick. Well, just to give you an overall perspective on the consumer business, as Louise mentioned, the business was impacted by tough comparisons because of the women’s health products that we divested. So, the overall growth excluding divestitures and even excluding some acquisitions that we did was about 1% in the quarter. Couple of things to note about that 1% that last year’s first quarter of the year 2013 was a very strong cold and flu season and despite the severe winter conditions, this was actually a very weak cold and flu season. We think that has overall a point or a point and half of growth impact between the two periods. So, the underlying business excluding those impacts is about 2.5%. We did in fact as you know, launched the products back into the marketplace in early 2013. We’re very pleased with the uptake. It was showing double-digit consumption growth in the products. And of course we’ve launched some new products such as ZYRTEC quick dissolving tablets. So, overall we’re pleased with the progress that the consumer business is making overall. We have great plans in place to launch new products. And overall, the margins as you pointed out, should improve as we complete the work with the consent decree, which we expect will approach completion towards the end of this year or early next year. So after that, we would then expect to see the overall margins improve as the business recovers from that activity and obviously the new products take hold in the marketplace.
Dominic Caruso: Sure. So, let me give you sort of a sense for Russia. So, we said that growth for the BRIC markets overall was about 13% this quarter and the growth within Russia was at mid single-digit growth. Now, if I look back first quarter of 2013, our Russia growth was actually negative in the first quarter of 2013. And that has to do with the timing of tenders within the Russian market. So, there is lots of fluctuations. The only thing we have seen so far that’s a little bit of a concern is that, there does appear to be some funding restrictions in governmental buying patterns of respected capital budgets in the hospitals. But overall, it’s not a very significant piece of the overall business. With respect to our total BRIC business, it’s relatively small piece of the business. Obviously China and Brazil drive the majority of our growth and the majority of our business in the BRIC markets.
Dominic Caruso: Okay. Sure Rick. Well, just a few comments on diabetes overall and our approach to portfolio analysis. Alex, as you may remember has been very clear about some of the criteria we use to analyze the portfolio. One criteria is are you number one or number two in your market or do you have the technological wherewithal, the technology et cetera, new products that could propel you to that number one or number two spot; and lastly, are you complementary to any of our other businesses. So, with respect to diabetes, despite the significant pricing pressure in the market overall, all companies have faced this, diabetes business is a market leader. They have very strong market share positions, the business is doing very well outside the U.S., continues to grow nicely, and also it is very complementary to other parts of our business. We attribute the successful launch of INVOKANA partly to the fact that we have very good relationships with the endocrinologists as a result of our Life Scan business already. So, at this point, we haven’t made any decisions with respect to any other portfolio of choices, but the diabetes business is well positioned overall in the marketplace and it is complementary to significant part of our other business.
Dominic Caruso: Well, no change in the way we look at it. We’ve been very consistent with this approach. We think that looking first at our dividend and we’ll obviously know more about the dividend at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in a couple of weeks. After that, we look to invest for growth and for value creation so that we’re appropriately generating returns commensurate with the risk associated with putting our investors’ capital to work. And then finally after exhausting those possibilities, we then look to share repurchases if they’re at the right time. So no change in our overall approach, we think it’s a very good approach. We consistently follow it; it’s proved to be successful in overall balance of both returns to shareholders and investing in growth over the long-term. So as of now no changes in our approach and nothing else to report.
Dominic Caruso: Now, one thing I would like to add to that is I think that the trauma team has done a remarkable job recovering from the nail recall that happened. And so they deserve to be congratulated for bringing the product back to the market. And of course patients are better forward and our customers should have the confidence in us to be able to do that and we’ve demonstrated that their confidence is well earned.
Dominic Caruso: Sure Matt. Well, just to clarify with consumer, we basically -- we did enter into an agreement to sell the K-Y brand to Reckitt, and that transaction should close in the second quarter. That was a strategic portfolio decision. We’re looking at the portfolio and consumer as we look at the portfolio in each of our businesses and obviously through the filters that I just described earlier. And with respect to the utilization of our cash, the consumer business like any of our other businesses, MD&D or consumer competes for capital in the same way. We look at strategically where we should be investing the capital and then of course whether or not that allocation of capital will give us an appropriate rate of return given the risk involved. So, it doesn’t -- we don’t treat the businesses any differently except for a change in the risk adjusted rate of return that’s required based on the obvious risk involved that’s different between the businesses. So, there is no specific plans with respect to the $30 billion as I mentioned earlier in answer to Rick’s question.
Dominic Caruso: So, let me just comment a little bit on that Matt. When we look at the three-legged stool, we’re thinking of a broadly based healthcare business across many aspects of the healthcare marketplace both consumer medical devices and pharma. The relative percent that each of those businesses represents as a percentage of the total and the pie if you will is really the result of decisions previously made. There is no forward looking predetermined mix that we think is appropriate. Each and every investment is evaluated on its own merits and the mix today is 40-40-20 is the result of making the investment decisions we’ve already made. So, as we make other investment decisions with appropriate risk return profile, that mix might change, but there is no predetermined picture of the pie that we think is ideal.
Dominic Caruso: Yes. Well Danielle, let me just comment a little bit on our strategy. So again, we want to participate in the fastest growing segments of healthcare and we want to do so in a meaningful way where the asset would be better in our hands as opposed to the hands of the current owner. But having said that, regardless of the growth trajectory of the market or the asset, evaluations have to be right. So today for me to give you any indication on which markets we’d be more interested than others, we sort of leave out the corresponding equally important characterization of whether or not evaluations are appropriate. So, I can’t really comment today on that very specifically. And also with respect to size of transactions, we’ve done hundreds of acquisitions over the last 15 or 20 years and just about a dozen or so have been over $1 billion and very few Pfizer Consumer Healthcare and Synthes of course have been in excess of $10 billion. So, it is pretty rare for us to do a large acquisition like that not because we have any particular pre-disposition to not doing it, but because as I said earlier, the valuation has to be right, the asset has to be better in our hands than in the hands of the previous owner and therefore and obviously the premium to be paid has to be sensible. And then we are already broadly based in human healthcare. So, there are very few areas that we need tremendously significantly greater presence. Having said that, a lot of our capital is in fact allocated to pharmaceutical licensing and collaborations, which we think is an enormous benefit to us because it’s the most efficient allocation of capital. We take some risk afterwards, but we don’t put the capital out on day one. Obviously we do it through the development program that we control. So that’s the way we think about it. I’m sorry; I can’t give you any more specifics today with respect to any markets or specifics beyond what I just said.
Dominic Caruso: Yes. Okay. So, that’s a great question. So, as you know, we think of ourselves as a broadly based company in healthcare. And you think of the MD&D business we have, we’re the largest MD&D player in the market. So, we obviously have quite a significant presence in the hospitals. And that as you know is a very important part of the overall healthcare system. So, Johnson & Johnson is best positioned in medical device as I believe than any other medical device player given what’s happening in the market with respect to hospitals and specifically speaking the U.S. with the advantage of Affordable Care Act and the accountable care organizations, we’re working to not only remain the largest player in medical devices, but to take advantage of that position in the hospital setting with respect to providing total solutions to the marketplace. So, it’s a very important part of our business. It does drive substantial cash flows to the business. In the past, it’s been a significant contributor to growth from new products. I’m confident it will also be a significant contributor of growth from new products in the future as well. And we have an upcoming Medical Device Business Review coming up May 22 and you’ll hear Gary Pruden and Michel Orsinger specifically talk about the surgery and the orthopedics business and the plans there. And I look forward to sharing that information with you then.
Dominic Caruso: Yes, Josh. Well, we don’t give outlooks or forecasts by business of margin, but I did say that we expect to have overall margin improvement both pre-tax operating margin greater than what we expected when we gave guidance in January, but not to the extent that we saw in the first quarter. And with respect to the first quarter, the SG&A line showed very nice leveraging year-over-year and that was due in part to the pharmaceutical business, but also very much due to the MD&D business. The MD&D business has done a very good job of consolidating businesses, of streamlining operations et cetera. And also in the supply chain, the medical device business has even further opportunity, streamlined footprint et cetera in the supply chain. So, we do think that medical devices will continue to be a contributor to margin. Although I must say that the business does operate at a relatively high margin already. And as a leader in the marketplace I think we should operate at that higher margin. So, that’s the way I would characterize it for now, but I can’t give you an outlook by sector at this time.
Dominic Caruso: Yes. On an annual basis that’s a rough ballpark in terms of its contribution to earnings, $0.10 to $0.15 on an annual basis. That’s right.
Dominic Caruso: Well, right now we have no buyback planned. And I did say that the current guidance that we’re giving, the guidance range that we’re giving is sufficient to absorb any impact from the loss of profitability of the diagnostic business for the balance of the year.
Dominic Caruso: Well, one thing I would say about our cardiovascular business is the Biosense Webster business is just fantastic. I mean it has been growing year-after-year in double-digit growth rates, launching new products, making meaningful innovations for patients et cetera. And I am sure that at the MD&D Day on May 22, you’ll hear much more about that business in particular in new innovations there.
Dominic Caruso: The one comment that the teams told us was that with respect to elective procedures in the U.S. given the severe weather conditions, we did see some slowdown in those types of procedures. Anything else Louise that you want to…
Dominic Caruso: I don’t think we have any specifics on pricing within the quarter that we could talk about, but I think the numbers Louise gave earlier, just give you an indication. And it was a little bit worse in hips, but…
Dominic Caruso: Sure. Thanks Louise and thanks everyone for joining us today. Obviously, we’re very pleased with our strong results for the first quarter and I think we’re very well positioned to drive growth throughout the year. We do look forward to seeing you all at the Medical Device Business Review on May 22. So, thank you again and have a nice day.
Louise Mehrotra: Yes. So we’ve announced that the [resonated] data from IMBRUVICA should be shown in this quarter at ASCO. There is also a significant number of abstracts scheduled to be shown for INVOKANA, but at this point I’m not going to be able to give you the specific confer, because still they haven’t been published at this point in time. We are also leaving for the fixed dose combination with for INVOKANA that would be something to watch out for this year as well.
Louise Mehrotra: Okay. So, for OLYSIO in the U.S. they only have data for in the U.S. it's about 20% of the sales were inventory build. So the majority of it was certainly flowing throughout out to the patients, which is good news for the patients. Regarding the hips and knees pricing, I can get that number to you. In the -- this is again U.S. commentary, the price change for hips was negative 4.1% in the first quarter, offset by a very modest positive mix to net of the 3.7% negative that is slightly negative versus the fourth quarter of ‘13. We also, for the knees, we have a 2.4% negative price offset by about a 2% positive mix for net of 0.6% negative for knees, which is very similar to the first quarter, the fourth quarter of 2013.
Louise Mehrotra: So, IMBRUVICA we did report a little modest bit of sales on that, but we are going to leave the IMBRUVICA comment for Pharmacyclics in their call, because it's actually from the U.S.
Louise Mehrotra: So, to frame the weather impact I also want to pick up the additional selling days. So in recon, we have one additional selling day, it’s very specific to recon it does not include trauma. And that pretty much offset the impact of the harsh weather. So net-net there was no impact we believe to the knees and hips because of that combination. But when you look back at when you look at last year seasonality, in knees we had about a 5% seasonality, and in hips we had about a 2% seasonality which is very similar trends to what we are seeing in this quarter. As far as January, February and March we don’t go into that detail of the monthly sales.
Louise Mehrotra: Okay. So spine in the U.S. on an operational basis is down about 3%, o-U.S. is up about 4% for a flat on a worldwide basis and in terms of price it’s down, again this is U.S. only, it’s down 3% in price, slight positive mix for a net of down 0.8% in terms of price mix and that’s much less negative than it was in the fourth quarter.
Louise Mehrotra: For the U.S. we actually resubmitted the response to the complete response in February and we have a PDUFA date in August.
Louise Mehrotra: Okay. So, the U.S. growth is 10%; the OUS growth is 4% for a total of 7% operational growth. In terms of the pricing, pricing was about 0.7 negative in the quarter and that’s the first time we’ve actually seen that. It was more than offset by a positive mix of about 2.5%. So net-net, the pricing mix in the U.S. was about 1.8% stable, which was slightly favorable versus the fourth quarter 2013.
Louise Mehrotra: Okay. So, the patent on INVEGA SUSTENNA in the U.S. expires April 2014 and then there are certain other patents that go out to 2017 and ‘18 related to formulations. We are not aware at this time of any applications in the U.S. for either INVEGA SUSTENNA or RISPERDAL CONSTA. RISPERDAL CONSTA is May 2014 that particular patent on it. And as far as the international, INVEGA SUSTENNA in Europe is about June 2018 and RISPERDAL CONSTA is November 2014. And again, we’re not aware of any filings on it. Both of them are protected by formulation patents well beyond the composition of patent [life]. So, with that we will close the call and I’ll ask Dominic to make some final remarks.
