Joaquin Duato: Thanks, Jess. Good morning, everyone. I’m pleased to be here today to review our 2022 results and highlight my priorities for the business. I’m excited for the future of Johnson & Johnson. For over 135 years, people have counted on Johnson & Johnson to be at the forefront of healthcare innovation. This remains as true today as the day we were founded. And I’m honored to continue this legacy. In 2022, despite macroeconomic challenges, we delivered full year operational growth of over 6%. This is the result of the dedication and focus of our employees around the world, as well as the breadth and diversification of our business. There were many business achievements last year. Let me share some highlights. Our Pharmaceutical team achieved its 11th consecutive year of above market adjusted operational sales growth, excluding the COVID-19 vaccine, delivering nearly 7% growth as we continue to advance our innovation pipeline. I’m particularly excited about the progress made across our multiple myeloma portfolio. This includes the launches of CARVYKTI, our first cell therapy; and TECVAYLI, our BCMA CD3 bispecific antibody, along with the recent filing of Talquetamab, our GPRC5D CD3 bispecific. In MedTech, we generated above 6% full year operational growth, anticipating our second consecutive year outperforming our competitive composite. In terms of innovation, we accelerated the cadence of new product launches and significantly enhanced the quality of our MedTech pipeline, including more than doubling the number of programs with over $100 million of net present value potential. Notably, we completed the acquisition of Abiomed, which positions us as the global leader in heart recovery and immediately enhances MedTech revenue growth. This transaction will become accretive to earnings in 2024. Finally, we made significant progress towards the separation of Kenvue. We have begun operating our consumer business as a company within a company, and we filed our Form S-1 with the SEC, giving us the option to pursue an IPO as a potential step in the separation. Looking ahead, while we expect some of the headwinds that impacted 2022 to continue, we have proven that Johnson & Johnson is resilient in times of macroeconomic challenges. In this environment, our approach to 2023 can be best described as prudent, and our priorities for the year are clear and remain consistent. First, we are finalizing our plans for Johnson & Johnson to operate as a two-sector company, dedicated to competitive performance, both in Pharmaceutical and MedTech. This change will enable us to become simpler, faster and more focused. In Pharmaceutical, we will continue delivering top line growth annually, while driving towards $60 billion in revenue by 2025. We believe we will be able to achieve our market growth in 2023 for the 12th consecutive year, even in the face of the STELARA loss of exclusivity and macroeconomic challenges. Growth will be driven primarily by our existing portfolio, including DARZALEX, TREMFYA, ERLEADA, INVEGA SUSTENNA and UPTRAVI, and also continued uptake from new launches, including SPRAVATO, CARVYKTI and TECVAYLI. In MedTech, with the acquisition of Abiomed, we now have 12 platforms with over $1 billion in annual sales. We expect to continue to build on 2022’s momentum. We will do this by maximizing the commercial opportunity for recently launched innovations, continuing to advance the Abiomed pipeline and prioritizing investment in higher growth segments of our markets. This will be a transformational year for Johnson & Johnson, which brings me to my next priority, completing the successful creation of our new Consumer Health Company, Kenvue. We remain on track to complete the separation in 2023 as indicated in our initial announcement in November of 2021. As we look forward, our track record gives us the confidence that we can grow ahead of our peers and cement the foundation for long-term success. Following 2021, a year where we substantially increased R&D investment, we continue our commitment to organic innovation. We invested nearly $15 billion in R&D during 2022. Also, we increased our dividend for the 60th consecutive year. We instituted a share repurchase and we deployed over $17 billion in M&A, including the acquisition of Abiomed. Very few companies have the capability and the balance sheet to take such significant actions concurrently, especially in a year like 2022. I’m confident that we are well positioned for 2023 and beyond. In closing, I am energized about what is to come. As the largest and most diversified health care products company in the world, we will continue to use our scale and breadth to drive innovations, deliver for patients and shape the future of health care around the world. Now, let me turn it back to Jess.
Joaquin Duato: Thank you. And with respect to CARTITUDE-4 and CARVYKTI, our multiple myeloma portfolio, Terence, is the most important driver of growth for our Pharmaceutical group moving forward. It’s about DARZALEX continued progression in first line; CARVYKTI, our best-in-class BCMA cell therapy; the recently approved TECVAYLI, our BCMA CD3 bispecific; and also, we are excited about the filing of Talquetamab, our GPRC5D CD3 bispecific. So all in all, this portfolio enables us to do something very significant, which is changing the treatment paradigm from treating to progression to treating to cure. And we’ll see these medicines being used in combination and in different sequences in order to achieve this treating to cure. Specifically, what you mentioned, CARTITUDE-4, which is the study that evaluates CARVYKTI in patients who have received one or three prior lines of therapy, it’s very important in achieving that goal. CARTITUDE-4 is an event-driven study, and we look forward to have some results of CARTITUDE-4 in 2023. We cannot give you the specific timing because it’s an event-driven study, and it will be very important in our ambition to move CARVYKTI into earlier lines of therapy.
Joaquin Duato: Thank you for the question. And turning to what you mentioned, our 2025 targets. We continue to work towards accomplishing our previously stated goals of on one hand, delivering growth every single year in our Pharmaceutical group through 2025 despite of the loss of exclusivity of STELARA, at the same time, continue to advance our differentiated pipeline and achieving $60 billion in revenue by 2025. So, we continue to work towards these goals. As we have discussed multiple times, the growth by 2025 is going to be driven mainly through the strength of our currently marketed portfolio as well as new indications of this marketed portfolio. Some examples, continuous growth of DARZALEX in first line, TREMFYA, which is gaining share, both in psoriatic arthritis and in psoriasis, and we expect a readout of our IBD studies in ulcerative colitis and Crohn’s in 2023 will provide a significant additional leg of growth for TREMFYA; ERLEADA, which is now in different indications in metastatic and non-metastatic prostate cancer will have some readouts of studies in high-risk localized prostate cancer in 2023, providing an additional leg of growth; our INVEGA SUSTENNA franchise in the U.S. as well as our pulmonary arterial hypertension franchise with UPTRAVI and OPSUMIT has been affected by COVID-19, but that we expect that will continue to deliver growth. So, that is the mainstay of our growth prospects towards 2025. And I will go later about the disconnect. Then connected with that, we are also excited about our new product launches, specifically growth of SPRAVATO, growth in CARVYKTI that I just mentioned before and also TECVAYLI, which we got the approval very recently; and as I commented, the filing of Talquetamab, everything in multiple myeloma. At the same time, we continue to make significant progress in some of the key products in our pipeline. A sample of them we commented that were opportunities of more than $5 billion. Example of them, milvexian, our oral anticoagulant, the combination of RYBREVANT plus lazertinib in non-small cell lung cancer, our TARIS platform in bladder cancer. And finally, nipocalimab in autoantibody-mediated diseases. So, those are the key drivers of our growth moving into 2025. If I think about the main disconnect between our forecast and the Street forecast, it’s our multiple myeloma portfolio. As I commented earlier, we see our multiple myeloma portfolio helping treat into cure rather than cannibalizing each other. And as a matter of fact, some of the studies that we have now in place show that ambition of combining our therapies. I mentioned CARTITUDE-4, moving CARVYKTI into earlier lines of therapy; TECVAYLI and Talquetamab, our two bispecific antibodies are being studied in combination with one another, and TECVAYLI or Talquetamab are also being a study in combination with DARZALEX. So, I see that as the major source of disconnect with the Street. Then further to that, I continue to see disconnects in SPRAVATO, our treatment for treatment-resistant depression; significant disconnects also in ERLEADA because of the indications in high-risk patients with localized prostate cancer that will read in 2023. We see a disconnect, as I commented in our pulmonary arterial hypertension franchise with UPTRAVI and OPSUMIT, which have been impacted by the pandemic, but we see strong growth moving forward. And then, finally, in the expectations for Xarelto loss of exclusivity, which we see that in the back half of this decade. So, those are elements that I have reflected as disconnect. So, as I said, we continue to drive towards our 2025 goal of $60 billion and posting growth every year. I think it’s a reflection of the strength of our current portfolio and how well we are executing in our pipeline.
Joaquin Duato: Thank you. And regarding to your question, Larry, as we have discussed and commented, we see above market growth in 2023 for our Pharmaceutical group, which would be the 12th consecutive year of our market growth. And we continue to see positive growth in 2024 despite the loss of exclusivity in STELARA. And then we would see again pick up our growth above market in 2025. That’s the sequence that we will see. Certainly, the actual growth rate will be impacted by the FX and we don’t anticipate and we don’t project FX. And when we were establishing our $60 billion goal, we were thinking about the FX at the moment. We don’t change the $60 billion because we don’t know what the FX would be by 2025. But for purposes of you understanding how we see that, we see above market growth in 2023; we see positive growth in 2024; and then, we see a pickup of growth, a significant one, in 2025 above market.
Joaquin Duato: Thank you. And Chris, regarding the dynamics in the immunology market, overall, what we see is that the patient mix is changing, putting more pressure in our overall net price by having a higher participation of some channels, we are lower priced. We see those situations continuing into 2023, but not getting worse. Simply the situation that we are now will continue into 2023, but will stabilize from where we are.
Joaquin Duato: Thank you for the question. And it’s difficult for us to comment on some of your topics there. There’s no approved biosimilars at this time, and we are going to continue to monitor the situation. As we have commented, we expect the erosion curve of STELARA to be likely steeper than that of REMICADE, given the evolution of the biosimilar market and the fact that STELARA is a self-administered product, as well as potentially to your point, potentially interchangeability in the label. So, that’s how we see the STELARA loss of exclusivity. In 2023, when we think about the STELARA in the U.S., we see the sales of STELARA flat to declining, obviously, given the price pressures. That will be offset also by continuous volume growth that we see in STELARA. So, that’s the perspective that we have for STELARA in 2023. Overall, we have a very strong immunology franchise. I commented on TREMFYA before, the continuous progression in psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis, the readout of our ulcerative colitis and Crohn’s disease studies, which is exciting. And also, in 2023, we may have some data from our Phase 2 study of our oral IL-23, which we think it’s a very exciting underappreciated opportunity in our pipeline, too.
Joaquin Duato: As far as the demand for CARVYKTI, we see very strong demand for CARVYKTI and also for TECVAYLI. There’s a significant need for new therapies in this relapsed/refractory patient population. So, the demand for the products, the physicians and patient adoption has been really strong. So, that is really encouraging and pertains the unmet medical need for these types of patients. With CARVYKTI, we continue to scale our production capacity and expand our network of providers, and we are doing that in a phased approach. With TECVAYLI, we are off to a successful start and the early indications for this of the self-option are very, very positive, too, connected with the high unmet medical need that we see there. Moving into 2023, key elements of that would be, from a data perspective, the reading CARTITUDE-4, which would give us the opportunity to move CARVYKTI into earlier lines of therapy. Also the filing of Talquetamab, which will give us another line of therapy, because some of the studies of Talquetamab are done in patients who have failed BCMA, either cell therapy or bispecifics, and the continuous data that we’ll continue to provide to guide how to use this incredible portfolio in multiple myeloma.
Joaquin Duato: So, regarding the main data readouts that you could expect in 2023, I mean, I commented already on CARTITUDE-4, which is a key one for us. Again, this is an event-driven study, so it’s difficult for us to give you exact timing, Louise. Importantly, we have the potential for an interim analysis on the Mariposa study, which is the study of RYBREVANT plus lazertinib in frontline non-small cell lung cancer with EGFR mutations in this study versus Tagrisso. And this is an important study for us. And also, we have the potential clinical data from the PAPILLON study, which is in frontline non-small cell lung cancer in combination with chemotherapy. So, those are important ones in non-small cell lung cancer. And then, staying in oncology, we also have the data for the -- from the Phase 2 SunRISe-1 study of our TAR-200 platform, our drug-eluting device in non-muscle invasive bladder cancer. And we continue to work on our high-risk localized prostate cancer with ERLEADA. So, that’s key elements in our oncology side. As far as nipocalimab, we are expecting data from our Phase 3 studies in RA, in rheumatoid arthritis, which I know has created significant attention from you and also in hemolytic disease of the fetus and the newborn. It will be towards the later part of the year. That’s when you can expect those data to come up. And then, keeping with important date targets next year, we’ll also have the data reads in our 2 IBD studies, ulcerative colitis and Crohn’s disease with TREMFYA. Finally, important progress in our pipeline is that we will be starting our Phase 3 clinical program with milvexian, our Factor XI anticoagulant with our partners at Bristol-Myers Squibb. So, I would say, a very important year for us in terms of data read. That will also include our Phase 2 study of our oral IL-23. It’s difficult for us to give you an exact time line, but we fully expect that to happen in 2023. So, many important data reads for us that will showcase the good execution that we’re having in our pipeline.
Joaquin Duato: So thank you, everyone, for your questions and interest in Johnson & Johnson. While we have highlighted some of the challenges that we have in the macro environment, we think that 2023 is going to be another exciting year for innovation, for patients. And you can rely on us on delivering strong financial performance for both, the near and the long term. Thank you very much.
Joe Wolk: Good morning, Terence. I’ll handle the first question, and then I’ll kick the question of CARTITUDE over to Joaquin. With respect to guidance, I would say, just given all the macroeconomic uncertainty, geopolitical uncertainty, we thought this was the right approach at this point in time to come out with guidance in the ranges that we did. I wouldn’t classify it as conservative per se. What I would say in terms of our outlook for the P&L, is that we’re assuming a lot of carryover, quite frankly, of the inflationary impact that we had in 2022. As you can imagine, the way the accounting would work, we built inventory at higher cost in 2022. That’s set on the balance sheet at year-end and will flow through mostly the first half of 2023. If there’s any element of conservatism, I would say, it probably resides in the fact that we’re not assuming any deflationary relief as we go throughout the year. So, we do think these costs will be at a higher level for some time. But as you saw with our fourth quarter results and really the outlook for 2023, we’re doing everything we can responsibly to prioritize our top investments for the long term as well as manage costs in the interim.
Joe Wolk: Good morning, Larry. So, let me start by -- as you know, we don’t provide guidance by quarter, but let me talk a little bit about market growth. With respect to MedTech, we anticipate pretty much what we typically see in any given year, 4% to 6%. As some of my earlier comments in the prepared remarks reflect, we anticipate that there will be a little bit of, I’ll call it, carryover from some of the COVID surges that we saw in the Asia Pacific region in the fourth quarter. But, other than that, a normal cadence of steady procedure recovery. The biggest challenge that hospital administrators are facing right now is really the staffing concern, but they’ve done a wonderful job in getting some sense of normalcy to that. With respect to Pharmaceuticals, again, we enjoyed our 11th consecutive year of above-market growth. We anticipate 2023 will be a 12th year, but it is off of a lower base. If you happen to see some of the IQVIA data from last week, they’re calling global and actually U.S. growth somewhere in that 2.5% to 4% range, depending on what region you’re looking at. So, while we will beat the market, we think it will be a lower number just by the dynamic of the market overall. And that’s kind of how we’re thinking of it. In terms of some of the cadence, maybe to elaborate on the comments that I had prepared earlier, we will see some of that generic erosion that we experienced in the fourth quarter in Europe with the long-acting injectables as well as ZYTIGA having a much more pronounced impact in the first and second quarter, bleeding over from the fourth quarter. And pricing measures likely will be consistent throughout the year. So hopefully, that helps give you a better sense of how we’re looking at it. But again, the general theme of second half stronger than first half and probably second quarter stronger than first quarter seems to hold intact based on top line as well as bottom line performance, given our expectations.
Joe Wolk: Great. Good morning, Chris. I’ll tackle the operating margin question, and then I’ll turn it over to Joaquin for some of the immunology references. So with respect to operating margin, I think, while we don’t give multiyear guidance, I think this year does portend to have a considerable achievement in terms of managing cost by the organization in addition to inflationary pressures. And again, that’s not combated with an assumption that we’ll see deflationary relief. We also have the dissynergies that come along with the consumer separation itself. As the comments indicated, we plan to address all of those, and we’ve already started in mid-2022 to mitigate some of those. They’ll be fully mitigated by 2024. So, I would think just looking out now qualitatively, ‘23 and ‘24 may look similar because you’ve got some different dynamics playing out, and we’ll certainly have to see how inflation plays out over the course of this year. And then, getting back on a more normal cadence, I would say, you would expect from Johnson & Johnson, you know that we like to grow income a little bit faster than sales growth. And you do that by improving your margin profile. We have $60 billion of resources in a given year. So, we’ve got a responsibility, we think, to continue looking at our prioritization, and our processes and technology to make sure that we are being not only as effective as we can be but also as efficient as we can be.
Joe Wolk: Sure. Good morning, Matt. First of all, I guess let me follow up to Terence’s question with respect to how he positioned, conservatism. I probably did miss an opportunity to speak about some of the things that maybe could go better on our behalf. And some of that could be a quicker rebound in China, whether that be in both MedTech or Pharmaceuticals. Right now, we’re assuming there is some carryover effect from the COVID surges we saw in the fourth quarter. The teams on the ground seem to indicate that it’s still persistent, but if that rebounded a little bit quicker. I think also looking at the multiple myeloma portfolio, and the performance of CARVYKTI or TECVAYLI could be significant and opportunities or pockets for upside. We’re obviously excited by the Abiomed acquisition and what that could possibly mean. And bringing the capabilities of Johnson & Johnson, both in terms of scale and reach, presents some opportunity that maybe isn’t in the current projections. So, there are some opportunities for outperformance. Right now, we like where the number is at with respect to that. China and VBP specifically, I would say that is a dynamic that’s not really a new phenomenon for us. We had won a number of tenders at the end of 2021 that were persistent throughout 2022, and we continue to win tenders. And we think over time that the volume and the opportunity to help many more patients will be persistent with that. So, we are -- it’s part of the guidance that we see today that we’ve offered today, but it’s not really much more pronounced in terms of the impact it has on the business versus what we’ve experienced already.
