Alex Gorsky: Hi, Mike, this is Alex. Thanks a lot for the questions. As you know, Janssen has got five years of data exclusivity in the U.S. from the date of approval which was April 2011 or until April 2016. We are also watching the Hatch-Waxman extension to December 2016. At this point in time, we believe that those are the correct dates of using. Obviously we are going to be looking at some of these other recent events closer to see what impact it may have. But at this time, we are sticking with December 2016. Regarding the Aragon, look we think it’s a great complement to our portfolio. If you look at the great job, frankly, that our team has been able to do with Zetia in the launch regarding the clinical backup, actually the actual approval of the compound, the ongoing clinical development, very impressive, the commercial penetration that we have seen, as well as the care programs for the patients, we think it represents a significant capability. Now when you complement that with the Aragon compound, it will certainly enable us to leverage all of those skills on to a next phase. We think that there could be potentially complementary utilization of those compounds together and again as one another example of us continuing to really make a difference for patients and for our business and is very exciting oncology area.
Alex Gorsky: Yes. Well, Matt, really its strong performance across both base and launch brands. So if you take a look, for example, of how we are doing in the CNS area, continued growth with those products. We have had, of course, a number of new launches on top of that. I think, overall, our team is just executing extremely well. So I really think it’s a mix, both of some of the core brands combined with the new product launches that’s driving that kind of performance.
Alex Gorsky: Hi, Kristen, this is Alex. Thanks for the question. I will start off and then I will ask Dominic to finish. But I think overall as we characterize our business, we are really pleased with what we have seen during the first six months. We have made a lot of progress around our top objectives that we have been very clear about from the very beginning delivering on our financial performance. Obviously accelerating the launch of our pharmaceutical products. As we look at that portfolio and particularly there is a couple of things, one is in spite of new competition, really all of our newly launched categories, we continue to see very good uptake. We think that’s driven, first of all, product profiles that really important for patients but they also have been very well-developed by our clinical development team. Two, by great commercial excellence. I think that’s demonstrated in our ability to differentiate but also in our ability to ensure access for these products through managed care Medicaid in the United States but also through tendering processes outside the United States. We have also seen good performance in our pipeline and development by bringing in through licensing and acquisitions but also continued progress in our own. So, all around, our pharma business, we believe, is in a good place and certainly positioned well for future growth. If we look at the MD&D, clearly we have been challenged by the macroeconomic situation that’s having an impact on demand around the world. If I start in the United States, what we have seen is fairly flat performance overall. By the way, if we look at some of the leading indicators, for example, if we look at hospital admissions, if we look at inpatient procedures, we see relatively flat to even slightly negative statistics. The primary care physician visits are in the low single-digits. We have got you multiple quarters, consecutive quarters now, with those types of trends. We don’t expect that to turn in the near-term. Longer-term, we will have to see the impact of the Affordable Care Act on that. That being said, we remain very committed to our MD&D business. In areas such as Biosense Webster, ENT, Vision Care, we have seen very positive performance this quarter. However, if you look at some of our other core businesses, surgical care for example, sutures and surgical instruments, we see the challenges associated with the macroeconomic environment. We're also somewhat, I would say, I encouraged as well by what we are seeing in orthopedics, particularly in hips and knees and trauma over the past quarter. And, clearly, if we look at our consumer group, we see a very strong performance from our U.S. OTC business. Sandy took you through some of that earlier. I think around the rest of the world, we tend to follow more what we are seeing with GDP, but if we total all of that, we think that we are continuing to make good progress. We still see challenges ahead. At the same time, our teams and our employees, I think, continue to demonstrate that we are delivering on our commitments and that's the way we intend to finish out the rest of the year.
Alex Gorsky: Yes. We wanted to break it out, so actually for your benefit, so you can track the progress in our return of the OTC business. You know it's pretty significant in terms of our progress there. I think it sometimes gets buried by the groupies of different things in the same line, so really for your benefit in your modeling purposes we want to show you singularly what the U.S. an overall OTC business was doing. No other reason than that.
Alex Gorsky: Larry, this Alex. Larry, we are not splitting it out specifically for all emerging markets, but if we take a look at our BRIC markets, Brazil, Russia, India, China, what are saying is about 19% growth. You can see obviously that that's a significant multiple of what we are seeing in developed markets. Again, I think it's built on the fact that we've been in these markets for a substantial period of time, particularly if you take a look at our consumer and our MD&D business in places like China, but even our pharmaceutical business as well as the other businesses in places like Brazil, we made investments over the last several years in our consumer and our MD&D business for example with (Inaudible) [Elsker], Bioseal in China, and so we see these markets as very important for our growth. We continue to see good uptake in health care. It's something that we are watching very closely in light of the larger macroeconomic environment. But, overall, we believe that these markets represent a significant growth opportunity simply because more patients are receiving access to treatment. And, secondly, because we have solid positions in many of these areas.
Alex Gorsky: Yes. So, we were looking at operational growth. Let's focus on that, because obviously currencies that have a negative impact on our sales growth. Operationally, for the first half, we had pretty strong growth, all related to the pharmaceutical business primarily and obviously the inclusion of Synthes. In the back half of the year, to get to about between 6% and 7% operational growth that I was referring to, we would expect about 4% overall growth for the back half of the year because the first half obviously was impacted by Synthes. So that’s that math I have, Larry, about 10% this quarter, roughly 10% for the first half of the year, between 6% and 7% for the full year, which implies about 4% in the back half of the year on an operational basis, excluding any currency impacts.
Alex Gorsky: So, Derrick, no Medicaid rebate adjustments in this particular quarter. We had a significant adjustment last quarter that we talked extensively about but nothing of that nature in this quarter. With selling days, we don’t know if there is any real significant impact for selling days this quarter.
Alex Gorsky: So, Jamie, on the earnings part of the back half versus first half comparison, remember we did indicate that we expected this other income and expense line to be about $800 million for the year that's consistent with our guidance now, so no change there. But, of course, you with the Élan gain coming, all in one quarter, the vast majority of that has already happened in the first half of the year. So.
Alex Gorsky: Yes. As you look at that, we released in April, we talked about the fact that we sold our Elan shares and we filed a registration statement concerning that and we indicated the estimated gain was going to be about $200 million from that sale we then sold some additional shares later in the year. So, think about it as a better $0.07 kind of number that we disclosed earlier, but to put one thing in perspective with this other income and expense line, your models, of course, have modeled one quarter of the $800 million, which is about what I had expected a model and this quarter we had within that line $400 million of other income and expense, right, because as the Élan gain in there. So, if you look at the impact just this quarter of the Élan gain versus the overall analyst models, I would say that that $200 million excess or roughly $150 million after-tax is worth about $0.05 compared to what the Street has been modeling.
Alex Gorsky: Hi, Danielle, thank you vey much for the question. Look, overall, what I would say is that J&J and our diabetes companies, we still feel we are very uniquely positioned for strong leadership and success in the category based on a great track record that we have had in technology innovation scale and brand equity. If you just look at diabetes, of course, its one of the largest and most significant issues in healthcare today. I think there is somewhat around 370 million people with diabetes today, projected to go to almost 500 million by 2020. So the need is great. It is a very difficult area to control. Now what I would say is that with the recent launch of Invokana, our sales and marketing efforts are broadly targeting both endocrinologists and primary care physician to treat a vast majority of these Type 2 patients. Both Janssen and LifeScan Animas are partnering to accomplish this objective. It is the first time where LifeScan Animas have been involved in promoting an oral therapeutic agent of any kind. That really helps to expand their reach and it strengthens basically their commercial and clinical relevance beyond just glucose monitoring and insulin delivery among those healthcare professionals. Then when you compound that with the Calibra acquisition that we recently did, it’s the Wearable Insulin Patch technology, we feel that that’s going to be a very good opportunity for patients making it easier for them. If they are currently on basal only insulin therapy and they need an easy to administer mealtime dosing option, that certainly provides that. But while we look at all that, we also acknowledge the realities of the market and now with a competitive bidding process, the 72% reduction in pricing that we are experiencing in the United States, we are having to adapt our business model to meet that challenge. But again it’s a diabetes, we think, is a very important space of a lot of unmet medical need. We think we have a number of offerings across our MD&D, pharmaceutical and consumer segment that can address them. But clearly we will adapt to those changing dynamics as events unfold and as we predict they will unfold in the coming years.
Alex Gorsky: Sure. Let me start with Synthes. Overall, look, we are really pleased with the way the integration is going. Taking on a company the size of Synthes with a reputation that scale its capabilities is no small undertaking. Bringing those together the way that our teams have, I think, they are really to be commended for it. We have got a multi-phased program in place to bring it together commercially, the entire research and development organization as well as all the supporting functional areas. When you look at, for example, our hip and knee performance in the United States, we saw growth in our hip area up 5%, again based on new products being introduced, things like (inaudible), CORAIL, other things, our knee business being helped by the introduction of the ATTUNE new knee system. If we compare those to the U.S. growth rates, we are estimating and this is first quarter data because we don’t have all second quarter data yet, of 1% in hips and slightly down in knees. We think that’s very favorable performance and again keeping those segments focused, keeping them delivering while going through the integration is no small feat. If we look at trauma, we are up 2% in the U.S. versus the market that we think is probably going around 6%. We have seen some loss of share due to the nail recall that we experienced early in the earlier. We think it's being managed well, we think we will see our way through that on a worldwide basis, so we think we are you growing commensurate with what we are seeing with the market, so continued strong emerging market growth, the globalization that we offer to some of those businesses we think is real opportunity. Now last, but not least in spine, on a worldwide basis what we see the market is down about 2%. We think we are down about 1%, so we think we are commensurate. In the U.S., we have seen the performance when we were down about 7% versus the market that was down about three. We were clearly impacted by some transitional issues with our sales force during that period. They put a comprehensive plan in place, where we think that we project that will do much better going forward. And more importantly, when you look at the offerings that our representatives have across the minimally invasive segment, degenerative, spine, a number of other areas combined with the rest of our portfolio is going to put us in a very good position in that marketplace. So, we remain very optimistic, pleased with the performance around the integration and feel that DePuy Synthes again is going to be good for patients and also be good for our business.
Alex Gorsky: Yes, Tony, I would just add one other thing on to that because I think Dominic gave a really comprehensive answer. That is in addition to the clinical development program which resulted in numerous indications, it's really gives physicians a very broad application of the product. They have also done a great job done by our access team in ensuring broad formulary access in our managed care in places here in the United States. So I think now we have got more than 85% access of Tier 2 in both private as well as Medicare customers. That’s very important for them. It relates to an issue of affordability, of convenience and of course the reason that we are able to get that kind of access is because our team has done a great job of demonstrating the clinical and overall economic value of XARELTO to those patients and in those settings.
Alex Gorsky: Hi, thank you very much, Glenn. Look, I would say, in discussions that I have had with hospital CEOs and with other people in the marketplace, I have seen a couple of things. One is, clearly there has been a recession now for, I believe, almost 10 to 12 consecutive quarters, where we see that admissions in the hospitals as well as numbers of procedures being flat to negative. Now clearly we are seeing some shift to the outpatient setting but when it comes to inpatient procedures and additions, that market is obviously being impacted by the macroeconomic conditions. I think secondly, people are waiting to see the full impact of the Affordable Care Act. They are still working their way through the details and how that might affect. There is certainly changes regarding risk bearing areas such as hospital acquired infections and other procedures. So I think that’s also having an impact. Third, we are seeing is that patients, frankly, and customers as being more demanding about the data that is supporting justification for new approaches, new procedures and innovation. So that’s the way I would describe the overall CapEx environment as it related to hospitals.
Alex Gorsky: What I would say, Glenn, is it’s a bit of a tale of two cities. I think on one hand what we see in CapEx, particularly if you go to Southern Europe, it’s a very challenging environment and it's because of, again, the macro economic situation they are facing. I don’t think we have seen a pronounced decrease or improvement. We have seen it fairly steady quarter-to-quarter but we expect that to remain a very challenging environment going forward. On the other hand, what we have seen, is that when you introduce new innovations such as our pharmaceutical group has done, over the past 12 months they can really make a difference for patients that you can get reimbursement and get access for patients.
Alex Gorsky: Sure. Matt, thanks a lot for the question. If I reflect on it at a very broad level, what I would say around MD&D is that, look innovation is going to continue to be important. However, I think that the bar will be raised on the data will be required to describe and represent that innovation, so let me give you a few examples. I think, overall what we are saying is incremental innovation while still clearly an important part of the overall portfolio and ultimately that can help you lead a path a significant breakthrough innovation is not being rewarded with, for example increased pricing or improved pricing in the marketplace and we would expect over time that we will need to have more transformational innovation or more significant innovation. We recognize that that's going to require additional clinical development and investments. At the same time, we think at Johnson & Johnson, we are uniquely positioned in that category. Given the broad breadth and scale capabilities that we have at our pharmaceutical group and in our medical device group. So, for example, what we've done in our biosurgicals area, as we are getting ready to launch Fibrin Pad, the way that we are having our cardiovascular team, even the for example, work with XARELTO, and some of the things that we are doing Biosense Webster, it gives us a unique opportunity for convergence. And, in fact, we see opportunities in some of these segments to look innovation differently and frankly raise the bar with innovation from a clinical point of view, but also from a regulatory point of view that's in the best interest of patients as well as for our business. We look at areas going forward. I think it's going to be a combination. We still think that in areas such as general surgery, when we look at biosurgicals, when we look at your areas such as energy, there's a lot of opportunity to make procedures less invasive, to simplify the procedures, particularly in emerging markets that will ultimately lead to better overall outcomes and reducing morbidity. We think in other areas, there is great technology opportunity. Such in Biosense Webster, so in the in the general surgery category, I think there is a lot of opportunity for growth in orthopedics. We are working on innovation with products like the ATTUNE Knee, like a number of things that we are doing in spine and hip as of late. We're also looking at innovation from a commercial model standpoint. What can we do around having a broader offering, a different kind of relationship and partnership with hospitals and other large payers, again in a way that's good for patients that helps to improve outcomes, but also is better for the institution and we think again there too we are uniquely position given the breadth, the depth, the scale and size of our business.
Alex Gorsky: Okay. We believe that we have been relatively flat in share this last quarter. We think that there may have been a slight downtick based upon some of the pricing changes that are being made and particularly intrusion of store brands and other offerings. Obviously it's something that we are watching very closely.
Alex Gorsky: Sure. Look, there's a number of things driving our performance over there. I think, first of all, we saw modest growth overall in the specialty surgery category for the quarter. Our biosurgicals platform had solid growth, particularly outside the United States. We also saw good growth in the U.S. in our ENT business. And while the worldwide energy business continues to grow driven by the continued expansion in new emerging markets and new product launches, we were challenged in the U.S. with our energy business with low cost competitors, as well as some competitive pressures. So, that's the way I would described specialty surgery. In general surgery, of course, our business was impacted by what has taken place and women's health and our decision to exit some of those businesses, so that had negative. We look at suture and some of those basic platforms we are seeing very consistent growth with the overall market that we think it is basically up about 1% or 2%.
Alex Gorsky: Sure. Look, I think there is a couple of forces and dynamics that will be impacting it. You know, first of all, you've got a significant increase in the middle-class populations in those countries. So, for example in China, I think most of the recent statistics would suggest you have about 150 million people in the middle-class. That could go as high as north of 500 million, close to 800 million people over the next 10 years. And, what we also know is that these people move up the economic ladder, they generally consume more health care. And, so we think that the urbanization trend, the trend towards an increasing middle-class does offer a significant growth opportunity. Now, of course, offsetting that will be pressure put on governments on how they are going to control overall healthcare spending. But if you look at the healthcare spending levels in places like Brazil, Russia, India and China, it's very low single digits. We think that it's an opportunity for them to invest in their society even have a more stable society as well as a more productive society, so we think that the growth opportunities there will continue. We recognize that it's going to take perhaps a different portfolio of products that are really targeted towards specific disease states areas of unmet medical need for those markets. It will take time for different commercial approaches, but overall we do think that emerging markets will be a major source of growth for the next several years.
Alex Gorsky: Yes. And, regarding ibrutinib, look the NDA, the new drug application for ibrutinib was submitted June 2013, which was announced recently and this was announced by the FDA. We do have the Breakthrough Therapy designation, which we are very excited about for the treatment of patients with chronic lymphocytic leukemia CLL, SLL, and we have received at least one prior therapy in patients also with mantle cell lymphoma MCL who have received at least one prior therapy. We got to two pivotal trials that we think are both the very strong and the FDA has not communicated the PDUFA date and the review period is not dictated in the existing breakthrough therapy guidelines from the FDA. Now that being said, we have requested a priority review designation which has an FDA goal for completion of six months after a two-month validation period but we really cannot comment beyond that at this time. All that being said, we think this is going to really offer a great option for patients and for physicians in a very difficult to treat area and be a tremendous extension of our emerging oncology portfolio and franchise.
Alex Gorsky: Okay. So thanks for your time everybody. On behalf of Dominic, Sandi, Louise and myself and even more importantly from the 128,000 employees of Johnson & Johnson around the world, I would like to close today's conference call by thanking you for participating in the meeting. Your engagement in our business is much appreciated. We look forward to discussing our future results as we move through the rest of the year. So enjoy the rest of summer and thank you very much.
Dominic Caruso: Yes. Hi, Michael. On the ASR program, we expect it will be completed in early August, and we are near of the completion of it. As soon as we complete that programs then we will be permitted to recommence the share purchases that we normally do in a normal course of business, which as I think you all know, we repurchase all the shares that are issued in connection with any employee compensation programs, so we'll obviously commence that right after the ASR program is completed in early August. As far as any larger, more significant share buyback program, as we said before, we always evaluate that in the spirit of utilizing our strong cash flows, but quite frankly in the priority, we've always said, first our dividend, second to use in building our businesses to generate even more sustainable cash flows for the future, and then finally, considering an additional return to shareholders as appropriate given the first two.
Dominic Caruso: So, I wouldn't add anything else except that we are not reading into our performance any uptick in utilization trends generally speaking, so I think that that still remains to be challenging for the balance of the year. But as Alex said, individual product performance is really pretty exceptional especially in the Pharma business.
Dominic Caruso: Okay. And, Jamie, for your first question, I think the way that I would frame our overall position is look, we are going to continue to look for internal and external opportunities that we feel is going to drive our growth going forward. We've been very consistent in saying that when there are new technologies, new innovations that give us a platform to build, and I think a great example of that is what we have done in oncology over the past few years and our pharmaceutical business. There is a lot of unmet medical need and we've been able to do some great partnering to rapidly build what we feel is now a world-class platform in oncology both, from a pharmaceutical development but also from a commercial and access point of view. The next area that we look at of course is, what businesses could be complementary to our existing businesses. What may round out some of our current portfolios or allow, build on capabilities that we currently have and there are other opportunities perhaps, where we look at vertical integration. What we've done for example in our biosurgicals business is a great example of that with OMRIX, and we are excited about the potential that has is we are in the process of launching that on a global level, but that's the way we look at it. But, regarding our pharmaceutical business, look, I am really proud of the work the team has done there in taking agreement such as what we've done with Pharmacyclics, what we've done with (Inaudible), what we have done with other organizations in partnering and adding on to our portfolio to bring forward great opportunities for patients, but also for our business. In MD&D, obviously, the Synthes transaction was very large transaction. Michel and his team are doing a very nice job through the integration process, but we realize that that does take some time. We remain committed to having the broadest and most comprehensive orthopedics platform. We are seeing that happening right now as those businesses come together. In consumer, we think the consumer area [level]-one consumerism will also be very important as we go forward in healthcare. And, we have made some select acquisition they are particular in China over the past couple of years. We have also done some other divestments in our business as we really focus more in certain areas of our portfolio and as we have also done in MD&D, so I think that's overall our approach. We want to continue to look for technologies and innovations that really make a difference for patients, we want to continue to look for opportunities to that can be complementary add-on, give us additional customer offerings or if we see other brand-new areas that we think can really be transformational, obviously we would be interested in that as well.
Dominic Caruso: Jeff, I want to add, our estimation is that the overall market is declining there. So overall market trends are negative in the diabetes test strips. The market volumes are declining overall.
Dominic Caruso: David, we are pleased with our cash flow generation. And, for the first half of the year, free cash flow is little over $6 billion, so we expect to be well north of $12 billion, which is where we ended last year's free cash flow, so I think we will see '13 overall free cash flow generation better than we saw in '12, and that we are off to a good start already.
Sandra Peterson: Thanks for the question. As you know, we are still in the process of remediating the OTC business, which is an ongoing effort. And, clearly, we will spend what it takes to ensure that we are completely compliant with the CD, and we are bringing all of the products back. Our expectation is that that will continue for the near-term. But, in addition to all of the remediation efforts, we also are going to ensure that we are investing sufficiently to bring these brands back and bring them back fully to consumers and retailers and that our current estimation is that we will probably be spending at a higher rate than our historical averages as we are bringing all of these brands back. So, that clearly in the near-term, will have some impact on our margins. But at the same time, we are also working very hard to you globalize our core brand portfolio, and by doing that that will improve our margins over time across the total consumer portfolio. And, we have also, the team has put a lot of effort in the last couple of years in reducing overheads and driving efficiencies throughout the business. So, I think what you will see that over time, we will start seeing improvements in our margins as we bring the OTC portfolio back and as we globalize the rest of our core portfolio. And our expectation is that, our business will have similar margin in the consumer sectors as you see in the other parts of the JNJ portfolio, as we bring all of these businesses back and we will continue to improve the margins over time.
Sandra Peterson: Matt, thanks for the question. Actually, the overall skin care market, as a category is improving, but it is still not what it used to be at our historical level. However, our own business is doing relatively well. So our Neutrogena portfolio, in the U.S., we have gained 0.5 share point in the first half of this year. Our Aveeno business is up almost 8%. Our LPN business in Europe is growing close to 10%. Our Johnson's adult business is growing in the mid-single digit level. So those are all very positive things and we are feeling good about our businesses in Asia as well. The one thing that is impacting those that are in this category is the sun care business. The market category is down 11% in the first half of this year. We have actually been gaining share in the U.S. over 2% and we are now the number two global sun care provider in the world. So the impact of the sun care market clearly is having an impact on the overall business and while we are doing very well in it, a little over 2% is less than the historical rates that you would see normally in that business. So that’s a general sense of how we are doing in the skincare portfolio and that’s why you see a relatively low overall growth rate because of market growth. But our shares are actually growing in our core brands.
Sandra Peterson: Thanks for the question. Quite honestly, we were still in early days. Our intent and we are on track to bring 75% of those brands back this year. We have others that we will be bringing back next year. But as we begin to get into the stores and interact with consumers again, we have had very positive responses from not only retailers but that consumers and healthcare professionals. It is a little early to be able to answer that question, but what I can tell you is that in the first half of the year, we have seen with the limited on distribution, now we have full distribution, but in the first half we only had limited distribution, we have seen things like our Extra Strength TYLENOL share double in the first half of the year. We have seen significant growth with most of our other products that we have brought back to the market. But it’s a little early for us to actually give you a clear sense of what that number will be. Clearly, our intent and our desire is to get back to the share numbers that we had before we went in to the CD process and that’s what we are really focused on doing.
Sandra Peterson: So, Matt, thanks for the question. As I mentioned in the opening remarks, our quality effort is across the enterprise, across all of our businesses, our manufacturing sites as well as all of our R&D sites, because they are under the scope of trying to ensure that we have the highest standard of quality for the safety and care of our patients and consumers. So, when we launched the quality initiative a number of years ago, the focus really was ensuring that we have got consistent quality standards. We went through a three-year cycle that were just ending the first of the cycle over a three year period, where we have gone through all of our manufacturing facilities, all of our core strategic suppliers as well as all of our R&D site to ensure that all of them are living up to the appropriate regulatory standards in those countries that also are standard that at J&J, we believe is one of the highest in the industry and its across all of our sectors. So there has been an immense amount of work and focus in ensuring that we have consistency across our operations, across our product lines and across all of the countries in which we operate. We have, obviously, as we gone through all of this work, we have identified corrective actions and we have immediately taken those corrective actions. We are harmonizing systems. We are putting in place processes and systems so that we have early warning. Systems in place to understand if there is, we think, may be something going on with a product, so we identify it early and we go out and correct it. In addition to that, an important component of all of this is how we are managing our global supply chain. So one of the very important changes that we have been making with our global supply chain is ensuring that all of our external suppliers, so our material suppliers are thoroughly reviewed, are thoroughly managed and that they are living up to our quality standards. In that process in the last three years, we have actually consolidated our external manufacturing, our external material suppliers by about a third. So we have a third less than we had three years ago. That means that we an ability to manage them much more effectively and ensure that we are reviewing their quality of their products coming into our facilities. We have also looked at our external manufacturers, those that provide finished products to us and we manage those across the enterprise now in a very rigorously manner with thorough and thorough audits and we are learning across the enterprise how to share best practice from business to business and technology to technology. So this effort is not just focus on the OTC business, it is really across all of our businesses in all of our countries globally. We are ensuring that we independent audits and independent approach to managing this but we are ensuring that we also are putting the right systems, processes and capital and automation in place in all of our facilities around the globe. So we have made significant progress. I think one other indication of that progress is that over the last couple of years, we recently closed out a number of warning letters and we are making very good progress on the ones that are remaining but we are feeling good about where we are. Always things can happen. We have 300,000 SKUs around the globe. So that’s where our vigilance has to be, as ensuring every single one of those SKUs are meeting our high standards.
Louise Mehrotra: Sure. So price worldwide, just price is about 1% decline and that’s consistent U.S., OUS and total and that’s as the same as the first quarter. Now if we get into the U.S. only, where I have a price and mix number. For hips, the price was down about 3.5% very consistent with the prior periods. Mix, however was up about 1.5%. So it netted to about a 2% decline. So that’s a little bit more favorable than the first quarter. When you go into knees, the price number was down about 1%. We did have favorable mix again. For now we are about 0.5% favorable and that is very consistent with what we had in the first quarter.
Louise Mehrotra: Okay, so in terms of spine, price was about 3% negative for the second quarter and mix was about to 2.5% positive, netting to about 0.5% negative, very similar trend on the total between the first and the second quarter. However, just a little bit of changes between price and mix.
Louise Mehrotra: Charlie, more in PREZISTA, we have seen just the basic market share improvement over the quarter. I mean, PREZISTA is doing very well. Our sales team is doing an excellent job and the product has become quite frankly a mainstay in HIV therapy, so it's really just we saw pretty strong market share growth, sequentially. Then on XARELTO, we did do some DTC there, but I think that product as we've talked about before with the breadth of its indications is becoming much more recognized as a standard of care in that marketplace. And as Alex pointed out earlier, you know, we've now surpassed warfarin in the new to brand share. So, I think the breadth and our strategy around the breadth of that compound in the market that needs that kind of therapy that has both, exceptional efficacy and obviously safety is what's driving that growth. I wouldn't just pin it on overall DTC advertising. I would say just a breadth of the overall indications for the product as we expected. That's what our strategy was and looks like to playing out.
Louise Mehrotra: With respect to everybody's time, we will take one more question and then we'll have some closing remarks by Alex.
