Dominic J. Caruso: Right. I don't think there's a broader theme at all. I think if you look at the change in gross margin from this quarter -- for the quarter that were currently completed last year, there's really 2 main areas which I described. One is -- and they're about worth half -- about half each of the change. The first is the McNeil remediation cost. As you know, we have costs related to the ongoing compliance with the Consent Decree and obviously, not all the sales have returned to the market. So although some of the costs have been accelerating as we complete the work, I wouldn't necessarily project that into the following year, but of course in the following year, those remediation costs will then tail off. And obviously as the products return to the market, you'd see a different dynamic than what you currently see with costs, with the products not yet in the market. The other half of the change is really due to inclusion of Crucell. We had mentioned earlier in the year that Crucell is going to be dilutive to our earnings of about $0.03 to $0.04 a share. Just to give you an idea, whenever you acquire a company like Crucell, the assets obviously are written up to fair market value. So one of the things that we're experiencing right now is the -- what's known as the step-up in value of the inventory that we acquired. And obviously as that bleeds off in the future periods, then we have less of an impact from these negative gross margins from Crucell. And I think overall, the mix of the business actually just improved our gross margin by about 1 point -- and yes, about 0.1 point, I should say. So overall Matt, if you excluded the items that I just mentioned, Crucell and the OTC impact, actually, our gross margin performance would have been slightly better in the quarter compared to last year.
Dominic J. Caruso: All right. My understanding is, Matt, that obviously when you complete the file, then the FDA presents that competed files to the FDA advisory committee for the AFib indication. As you know, that committee voted in favor of its approval.
Dominic J. Caruso: Right. Great question, Larry. You're right that we signaled early in the year that we would probably have a decline in margins this year, probably between 0.5% to full percent and we're seeing that obviously through 9 months. As you know, we want to invest heavily behind the products that we're launching to make sure they are of the gate in a strong way. My comments about the launch of the McNeil products the following year once we're fully into the market is simply just to highlight that we will have additional cost in 2012 because we want to make sure these products get launched absolutely the best way we can possibly do that. Now I wouldn't read into that, that that's incremental to the current SG&A line because in fact as the new products that we're launching now in the pharmaceutical pipeline begin to ramp up, the relative spend on those launch products will go down versus the sale. So what we have today is relatively early launches with modest sales, although ramping up very quickly a lot of cost to get those products off the ground. As those tail off, we then would replace some of that cost with the McNeil, appropriate McNeil launch expenses throughout 2012. But I think the factors that led to margin erosion this year are not going to be present in our business in 2012.
Dominic J. Caruso: No, I think it should tail off a little bit in the fourth quarter. I think in the third quarter, we had -- in addition to the launch of the products, I mentioned some consumer brand marketing expenses that ramped up during this part of the year. And we won't see that same phenomenon. We will see the ramp-up as we saw in the third quarter, in the fourth quarter. So I think it is a good observation that should tail off a little bit in the fourth.
Dominic J. Caruso: Right. Well, we're not going to give you obviously specifics on particular market share or dollar volume but suffice it to say, that obviously our folks are ready to launch these great products back into the market and do the very best they can to gain back the consumers. Now, one bit of data that we saw was that even though private label has taken significant amount of share in that particular segment of the market, our research indicates that the trust factor with respect to our products, the McNeil pediatric products in particular with moms is still 2x the level of the products that are currently available for moms in the marketplace. So we're very encouraged by that. These products have a great legacy, as you know. I think everyone expects that Johnson & Johnson will return these products to the market in the best possible way. And there will be also innovation as these products return to the market. We talked earlier in the year about innovation in dosing, which addresses a major safety issue with children's pediatric products. So I think you should expect us to do the best we can along with innovation, and we're hopeful that the loyalty that these brands have achieved over many years will stay with us as we begin to bring these products back to consumers in 2012.
Dominic J. Caruso: Yes, I would say -- I don't want to tip our hand, but I would say our marketers are very good at knowing what they need to do to attract consumers. I mentioned innovation. So I think it will be a mix of brand marketing expenses, couponing, innovation, et cetera, a surround sound impact to get consumers back to the loyal consumers they were prior to the recall.
Dominic J. Caruso: Well certainly, we can -- I don't want to speculate on what the FDA will do. All I can do -- all we can do is refer back to the FDA advisory committee meeting, where I think the vote was in favor of 9 to 2 for an approval.
Dominic J. Caruso: Right. Well, we continue to see -- as I said earlier in my comments, we continue to see pretty tough macroeconomic conditions in terms of hospital surgical procedures, for example, we think are impacted by the macroeconomic conditions. And we now have 6 quarters of year-over-year declines in these procedures. We also see physician office visit declining dramatically. I think we're now down -- up to 9 consecutive quarters of physician office visits declining. So the volumes are still very soft. We're obviously nowhere near prerecession levels in volumes. In terms of pricing, I would say that the level of negative price net of mix in hips, for example, in the U.S. is around the same low single digits as we saw in the second and first and first and fourth quarter of last year. Now we don't see an acceleration of significant price declines in the this market but still soft price, still negative price, but just not an acceleration of that negative price.
Dominic J. Caruso: No, Mike, I don't have any incremental visibility to share with you, other than to say we're making very good progress in that regard. We're making good progress overall in planning for the acquisition, and I'm encouraged. And obviously, we're going to keep working to make this transaction much more efficient from a financing perspective in the way we modeled it. But it's too early to give you any specifics and when we know the specifics, we'll actually be very close to the closing of the deal just because of getting all the approvals in line. So that's the best update I can give you at the time.
Dominic J. Caruso: Right. Well, Derrick, with respect to the first question on European austerity, we're still seeing across the pharmaceutical business a mid -- in the European pharmaceutical business, mid single-digit impact, incremental impact this year. We expected this in the beginning of the year, and we're seeing it play out through the year. In our Medical Devices & Diagnostics business, we're seeing low single-digit impact to that -- to European Austerity Measures in terms of overall price, although we are seeing some additional volume contraction in Medical Devices in Europe, a little bit more than what we saw at the beginning of the year. The impact, for example in our pharmaceutical business, we estimate in the $30 million range just for the quarter. So it's in our numbers. It's not all that significant and it accelerated a little bit, but mostly in medical device volume, not in price.
Dominic J. Caruso: Yes, well we're very hopeful, as I think all American citizens are that the super committee will come to a good conclusion and a set of solutions that will help reduce our deficit without any draconian or drastic measures, certainly none that we hope would impact negatively on healthcare. We're aware of the fact that if a stalemate occurs, then of course there could be 2% across-the-board cuts, for example, in Medicare. But it's too early for us to estimate whether that will go that way or not. So we're keeping a close eye on it and obviously, we're doing whatever we can to help the committee understand the impact on healthcare overall. But other than that, Derrick, other than we're hopeful, I can't give you any other comments with respect to what they might come up with.
Dominic J. Caruso: Yes. That's a great question. I think the macroeconomic conditions are still troublesome in terms of their impact on healthcare utilization. So overall, the macro conditions continue to be challenging and there -- I would call them persistent. I don't see them necessarily getting worse, I just see them persisting. So from a macro perspective, that's what I would say. With respect to our company in particular, I feel much better with respect to our business as we're moving through the year. For example the Consumer business had positive growth for the quarter, and obviously, it's impacted by the recalls. But when you exclude that impact, which is obviously very obvious, the business grew about 3% in the quarter. That's slightly better than the previous quarter, so it's gaining momentum. You saw the skincare results, which we think are really phenomenal. So the innovation is still taking hold in some segments of the Consumer business, and so we're very encouraged by that. We're obviously extremely encouraged by the overall performance of our products in pharmaceuticals where we're launching products, they're gaining momentum, they're being well accepted by the physician community. And we obviously are very excited to see them do that. And like a product like ZYTIGA to take such immediate hold on the market obviously is significant unmet need. So we feel good that those products are performing as we all expected they would be based on their clinical profile. And in Medical Devices & Diagnostics, in a very tough overall macroeconomic climate with lower volumes, the business continues to maintain or hold share across many of its businesses and also develops and continues to develop new innovations. So even in our Knee business, for example, despite the challenges in that marketplace, we're still coming forward with new innovations. I think overall as the market recovers, we should be in very good shape having held on to share across many of our businesses to then accelerate growth once the market recovers. So in summary, I'm still cautious about the macroeconomic environment, but I feel very good about our particular business and the momentum we're gaining.
Dominic J. Caruso: Right. So with respect to SG&A, just a couple of comments. One is you're right, it is higher than what we've seen it. But just to put things in perspective, the healthcare reform fee is unfortunately in that line item now. That's where all companies record it. And just to give a sense, that's about 2/10 of the change. The balance is the investment spending that I talked about in our pharmaceutical business and the brand marketing expenses that we saw accelerate in the third quarter for our Consumer business. Going forward, Rick, I guess the best way to describe it is we're in a situation now where we're investing heavily in the early launches of these exciting new pharmaceutical products. As these launches then ramp-up and the sales take hold in the marketplace then obviously, the relative amount of spend compared to the sales should be lower going forward. So we don't think that this is a steady state level of SG&A expense at all, given the fact that we have a situation where we're launching new products and they're just right out of the gate, obviously modest sales whenever you do that. So overall this is -- again, you're right, it's a relatively high number. We did signal that in the second quarter to make sure that the investment community was aware of it. We think it's a wise spend because we want to make sure that we're best positioned for 2012 and going forward, but we should be able to leverage that line item in the future. And then with respect to acquisitions, look, you know us to be very disciplined acquirers and you probably would not be surprised if I told you we don't spend the money we have just because we have the money we have, right? We're very disciplined as to what we look at. We're doing a very significant acquisition. As I said earlier to Mike's and the answer to Mike's question, we're trying to develop a financing strategy for the Synthes acquisition, which will be much more efficient than the way we've modeled it. Of course, that would entail using more of our cash than what's currently modeled. So we want to get through that first before we make any other decisions. But we're constantly looking for growth opportunities, and we'll constantly and continuously be very diligent and disciplined in what we pay for assets. So that's all I can give you now as an update in that regard. And so as we did this quarter, we'll continue to look for even smaller opportunities, for example, the SterilMed acquisition and other acquisitions that add to our portfolio going forward. As you know, we are generally always in the marketplace looking for growth opportunities. We just want to be disciplined about what we pay for those assets.
Dominic J. Caruso: Yes. The cost is about evenly split between the 2 of those, and that's about the impact. You're exactly right.
Dominic J. Caruso: It is related to the gains that we saw this quarter. So we typically don't want to forecast these divestitures because the timing of such is not necessarily certain but now that we have them, we've increased our expectation for the year, so that, that increase is related to those particular acquisitions and those particular divestiture gains. They're really related to 2 divestitures in particular. One is the Animal Health business, which we announced earlier in the year, which was not a strategic part of our overall portfolio. And that business was divested and sold to Eli Lilly. And -- so it just happened to close in this quarter. And also, when we look at our consumer brands, the cuts that we evaluate, which of the brands we want to invest behind and which we think have -- might be better in someone else's hands. And we, this quarter, sold the MONISTAT* brand in our Women's Health business.
Dominic J. Caruso: Sure. So on the divestitures and then you talked about the $316 million number. So we've had -- consistently, when we present our...
Dominic J. Caruso: Sure, sure. So the divestitures that are in that line item this quarter relate to the 2 divestitures that I spoke about earlier, Animal Health and the MONISTAT* business. You asked about how they can be included in -- whether or not excluded, I guess, to arrive at the non-GAAP number. We've consistently not excluded any gains or losses with respect to asset sales or divestitures in our numbers. If you go back through our history, you'll see several years ago, we divested the Advanced Wound Care business or the Breast Care business, et cetera, that are all part of our ongoing operations. And the reason for that is it's essentially a shift in our portfolio mix. We're just shifting where we're going to spend our money. And when in fact those divestitures happen, we take the opportunity to redeploy those gains in higher growth areas and higher investments in the business or as was the case in this particular quarter, to deliver whatever extra there was after that to the bottom line, which is essentially why I think we had better earnings this quarter than what many of your models had estimated. The one item that we did carve out was in fact just the change in the option value for the mark-to-market impact of the option to buy foreign currency, the Swiss franc in particular, with respect to the Synthes transaction. That clearly will fluctuate quarter-to-quarter. We've carved it out last quarter, for example, when it was a gain. We pulled it out of our numbers. And this quarter was a loss as the Swiss franc then weakened. So we're typically very consistent with what we pull in and out of the numbers, and it's not unusual at all for us to have divestiture gains or asset sales or write-offs, et cetera, in that line item. With respect to CONCERTA, maybe, Louise, you can take that question.
Dominic J. Caruso: Sure. Well as I said earlier, Rajeev, we don't typically include divestitures in our guidance unless they're completed. So this guidance for the year now of $1 billion to $1.1 billion does not include the impact for the divestiture of the Ortho Derm business. Whether that closes this year or not, we'll have to wait and see. Reflecting back on Jami's comment earlier, now that we have a higher level of other income because of divestitures that we did close on, we of course increased our overall guidance for the year to reflect that. The overall underlying other income, think about this as essentially where we record the base continuous level of income there as royalty income. Royalty income is roughly just over $100 million a quarter for us. And so if there was nothing else going on in that line item, no asset sales, no divestitures, no write-offs, et cetera, then we would typically have about $400 million of royalty income. But of course if you look through the history of our P&L, there's always something going on in that line. And that's the primary reason why we give you guidance on that line because we know it's difficult for you to predict and it's a difficult line for us to forecast, but we try to be transparent and just give you what we think our best guess is of what that line item is going to do in our guidance.
Dominic J. Caruso: Right, right. No, it is an increase in our estimate because of the now known closure of these divestitures. So we've increased it to the $1 billion to $1.1 billion line item. That's the reason for the increase. The rest of what can happen in that line item is very difficult to predict, Kristen, as you can imagine. But we're trying to give you our best guess for where that line item might come out for the year.
Dominic J. Caruso: Yes. I don't know what you each had in your models, but we obviously saw these things close this quarter. And they were several hundreds of millions of dollars more than the run rate in that line item, which is why we increased the guidance accordingly.
Dominic J. Caruso: Right. Kristen, think of it as DePuy business also has a neuro business, and that's where the micro business is included with the neurosurgery business. That's the way we manage it. But yes, endovascular is included. The peripheral vascular system is included in what we call the cardiovascular pair portion of the business.
Dominic J. Caruso: No changes from what we described before. We're exiting the business as we said, and we expect to stop manufacturing the site for stent at the end of this year.
Dominic J. Caruso: Well one thing about the quarter is that, I think is a valid observation, Matt, is that in fact fourth quarter of 2010 was a pretty significant price decrease. That's when we started to see some very significant price decrease, and that's actually tailed off a little bit throughout the quarters. And in the third quarter price, for example, in hips was several points lower than what it was in the fourth quarter of 2010. And net of mix, that was the case as well. So mix was a little better in the third quarter of '11 compared, for example, in the fourth quarter of '10. So if that trend continues then obviously, that's a positive sign for those comparables. And obviously, the same is true with knees. We saw better impact of mix in the third quarter of '11 than we saw, for example, in the fourth quarter of '10 or even the first quarter of '11. But that's positive. Unfortunately, offsetting all that is the continued, as I mentioned earlier, persistent softness in the level of procedure volumes. So we'll have to see whether that picks up or not in the fourth quarter.
Dominic J. Caruso: Well it's hard to predict, Matt, but persistent is obviously the best way I would describe it. And we have seen, as I mentioned earlier, 6 consecutive quarters of hospital surgery growth declining quarter-over-quarter. So even from a comparable point of view, 4 quarters ago, it's still declining from what was then a low rate of overall comparison. So take that for what you will, but the signs, as I said earlier, we're still cautious about the overall economic -- macroeconomic conditions and their impact on healthcare utilization. We're very positive about how we stack up in that marketplace, given new product launches, et cetera.
Dominic J. Caruso: Right. Well just as a reminder, Matt. It's a great question. Just a reminder, the Consent Decree relates to specifically the 3 McNeil plants, not the Johnson & Johnson overall or any other plants. We have 120 manufacturing plants, and we're inspected by regulatory authorities, including the FDA and other foreign authorities all the time. The inspection level is going up as a matter of fact, and we continue to bode very well with the outcome of those inspections, with trending more favorable than we've had in the past. I would say that overall, we did in fact create a comprehensive enterprise supply chain within Johnson & Johnson that brought together the manufacturing and distribution, but as well as the quality component of our supply chain as a one Johnson & Johnson approach to quality. That's something that Bill Weldon announced more than a year ago now. And so we are taking a more comprehensive view of quality across the enterprise of Johnson & Johnson.
Dominic J. Caruso: Right, right. Well it's a great observation, Steve. We should have you come with us when we're talking to hospitals CFOs and procurement specialists, I guess. Obviously, we're very pleased to have the broadest offering in the orthopedic marketplace with the inclusion of Synthes, and also the fact that Synthes products, as you know, are extremely well regarded in the industry. And I think we'll learn from the Synthes organization as well. So I think you're pointing out what I think appears to be the obvious for most people that we expect that with the combination of Synthes, we'll be the leader in the orthopedics market with continued innovation. And obviously, when a hospital wants to have a discussion about the orthopedic space in general, they can turn to the Johnson & Johnson business and have a full wholesome discussion. And the products even within the spine portfolio are generally complimentary with the products we already have in our spine portfolio. So I think we're in a very good position there to have a seat at the table. And what will turn out to be a pretty competitive marketplace going forward, I think will be very strong in that marketplace.
Dominic J. Caruso: Yes, it's a great question. Look, we would just be speculating if we gave you sort of any definitive kind of position on this. But it is true that there is a movement to try to differentiate, if you will, the products that should get 5, 10-K and rapid approval in the marketplace because of relatively low risk or they're obviously the predicate devices. It's something that should be comparable to the current device and differentiate those from the products that would require more sort of PMA and extensive clinical trials as the products become or those development innovations become more complex. I think a company like Johnson & Johnson having the expertise that we have across a broad portfolio of not only medical device products, but obviously our pharmaceutical business as well positions us very well to have those kinds of discussions and dialogue with the FDA of what's appropriate in evaluating the particular product in question. So I would just say you've made a good observation. I can't predict where it's going to come or how it's going to come out, but I believe that we're in a great position to have that dialogue with the FDA and help them arrive at a sensible solution for the industry. Great. Thanks, everyone. And we're very pleased with our third quarter results, and we expect to continue to build on these core strengths and the recent launches in our business. And I remain confident in our prospects for the remainder of this year and beyond. And I want to thank the dedication, focus and integrity of the people of Johnson & Johnson that make all that possible. I look forward to speaking with you again in January and updating you on our fourth quarter and full-year results at that time. Thank you for your time this morning, and have a great day.
Louise Mehrotra: Well, the PDUFA date is coming very shortly on that one; November 5, I believe it is. So the timing is probably too narrow.
Louise Mehrotra: So in the U.S. knee market, we actually market softer, we believe, because of procedure volumes and we won't know that for sure until everybody else reports. And we're also seeing more competition in the market. So our Knee business is down 7%, but we are seeing competitive dynamics go on.
Louise Mehrotra: Now, STELARA, we're not seeing an impact on that. We actually showed some very positive data in May 2011 about the CV side effect profile. So we are not seeing that for STELARA.
Louise Mehrotra: We're actually -- we're guiding to the fact that we would file based on overall survival. So we're not counting on that at this point.
Louise Mehrotra: Yes. So I think in Europe for Ethicon-Endo, we talked about HARMONIC has strong double-digit growth there. So it's just doing very well in Europe, and we're introducing new products.
Louise Mehrotra: So, Jami, you're correct. The market share that's going to the AG, the authorized generic, is about 75% to 80%, depending on whether it's scripts or dollars of the CONCERTA market share. But as a reminder, we do share in the economics of that. And there was no big fluctuations in the pipeline from our end. For Watson, you'd have to ask them.
Louise Mehrotra: So the incremental piece of the contract was some impact, but not the big step-up that you saw in the quarter. And what it was, was the prior quarter, in the second quarter, had some changes in the inventory level. So that prior quarter, second quarter, was not a good prediction. So the SIMPONI now is probably clean in this quarter, the third quarter, and does include the Merck, amended Merck agreement, but it's a small portion of the change.
Louise Mehrotra: Okay. So this is an endovascular stent. You're right. Micrus is part of the DePuy business, but in the quarter's business is the endovascular stent business, basically.
Louise Mehrotra: So with respect to everybody's time, we'll take one last question and then get some remarks -- closing remarks from Dominic.
Kristen M. Stewart: I just want to be clear again on the other income line item. Sorry to beat a dead horse. But the difference in guidance now, that $200 million, is that just fully the divestiture? Or maybe it would be helpful if you could just break out what the gain was in this particular quarter because there's a lot of moving parts.
Kristen M. Stewart: Okay. So the increase in guidance was just an underlying base. So it was just simply a function of the divestiture gain, not any increase in the underlying performance of the business.
Kristen M. Stewart: Okay. And then just on the cardiovascular franchise, can you just give us any update that you might have on the unwinding of the stent business and then maybe a little bit more color on the endovascular sales. You had mentioned that, that was down in the quarter, I believe.
Kristen M. Stewart: I wasn't sure if that was within the cardiology in it or if that's included within the DePuy segment.
Kristen M. Stewart: I thought you had said that endovascular sales were down. I mean, I said that within the context of cardiovascular sales, overall. But then I think Micrus was included within DePuy, so I was a little confused on what you had mentioned in your prepared remarks, Louise.
