Dominic Caruso: Sure Larry, let me try to address each of those questions. So as far as the timeframe, it's an open-ended share repurchase program as we said. So there is no real particular timeframe, but just by way of reference the most recent share repurchase program that we implemented which was $5 billion in 2014 took about nine months to complete. So we continuously try to buy our stock at the appropriate prices throughout any trading period and just as a reminder, we're also simultaneously continuing to buy any stock that's issued in connection with our employee stock programs and that's about another $3 billion of cash utilized for that purpose. With respect to any read through on M&A activity this in no way has any negative impact on our outlook for M&A and our pursuit of value creating acquisitions to drive shareholder value. So we have the financial strength and flexibility to do both and we're very pleased to be able to continue to do that. As far as the EPS impact, again as you know this is always a tricky calculation because on a weighted average share calculation, but if it was fully implemented then a full year impact of a fully implemented $10 billion share buyback would be about two to three percentage points of incremental EPS growth. Now of course we won't see very much of that in '15 because we're just beginning and we'll see some of that show up in the 2016 earnings. We'll give you a better sense of that in January, but certainly by 2017 when it's fully implemented, we would see that total percentage positive impact that I just mentioned.
Dominic Caruso: Sure, Larry. Let's see, well you're right. There has been a lot of rhetoric about pharmaceutical drug pricing and despite significant media attention on drug pricing, there really isn’t a consensus on policy solutions that would lower prices without negatively impacting innovation, that's the key point. I think every time we talk about drug pricing, we unfortunately miss the balance of the other side of the coin which is of course the innovation that comes from the pharmaceutical industry and the improvement in the health and well being lives of many people around the world. The pharmaceutical industry has and continues to be a constructive partner in any of these policy debates and we look for solutions to the issue along with policy makers. Just as a reminder, as part of the Affordable Care Act industry agreed to increased rebates in Medicaid and many other additional fees that I know you're all very familiar with and as the U.S. healthcare system evolves, I think we'll have more of a focus on outcomes and value and we're working with both public and private payors to develop innovative outcome based contracts. We think the real answer to this dilemma is to monitor and provide outcome based metrics and not simply focus only on price. As far as a pledge Larry, I think we're very responsible in our drug pricing and we tend to support the price for our drugs with strong economic data. So rather than pledge to a particular number, I think it's important that we continue to develop robust data that provides a solid foundation for the value that our products provide to healthcare systems. So we'll continue to do that.
Dominic Caruso: Sure, Kristen. Well, the pharmaceutical business continues to do very well. The growth as you saw in the quarter, we exclude the impacts of OLYSIO was over 10%. So it's very solid growth. The consumer business is launching new products and getting those products back on the shelf and the cadence of new product introductions, as well as the uptake gives us encouragement that we're seeing very, very good results there. And some of Gary's businesses, although some are challenged as he pointed out, some continue to do very well, electrophysiology and others. So I think we're confident that despite losing a quarter of the sales from the Cordis business, the rest of the businesses are performing well enough to pick up that difference and we're comfortable maintaining our sales guidance for the year.
Dominic Caruso: Well, there is two things going on here. I think one is of course the share repurchase will add incremental EPS growth that helps offset some dilution. But I think the real difference is we're not going to have the kind of headwind comparison that we had '15 versus '14 as we get into '16 and we feel that the momentum is strong going into '16. So I wouldn't characterize the share repurchase as solely related to offset the delusion of Cordis. I think it will be incremental to our EPS growth.
Dominic Caruso: Mike, thanks for the question. We, as you know always look for tax efficient utilization of the OUS cash. As you know, we did that in the Synthes transaction a couple of years ago. So we'll do our best to structure any M&A activity in a way that can optimize the effective use of the OUS cash in a tax efficient manner. So we continuously work on that and our team is very good at developing strategies to do that, and - but more to come on that at a later time.
Dominic Caruso: Mike, I don't think $10 billion is necessarily related to stressing any credit rating. I think it - as we've said many, many times, we have a disciplined capital allocation strategy and share repurchases just happen to be third in line after M&A and dividends being first. So I think we're comfortable that doing $10 billion now, while we're still actively pursuing M&A activity is the right level to do now then we'll reassess that as that program begins to wind down. So I wouldn't necessarily think that this is a limit to what we can do at any time.
Dominic Caruso: Danielle, it’s Dominic here, thanks for the question. I wouldn't interpret the $10 billion share buyback as impacting our appetite for scale of any size at M&A at all. Our appetite for M&A of any scale has entirely to do with whether or not the acquisition is going to create value for shareholders. And as you know we are disciplined about that. It is true that over our history, we have done many-many acquisitions and the largest ones are a few and far between but that has to do with what Gary mentioned with business of our scale, we can bring in lots of tuck-ins or licenses for example in the pharma business where we can get the most value for our shareholders in the most capital efficient manner. But it doesn’t preclude us from that also looking for large scale acquisitions. As far as where we would look, in pharma we are focused on five therapeutic areas. I think we’ll remain focused there. In consumer, as you know we have our core platforms of Skin Care, Oral Care, OTC in particular, as well as emerging market and for medical devices Gary, why don’t I ask you to just comment on the areas of focus.
Dominic Caruso: You're right. Not every M&A deal works out exactly the way you would predicted it would. I think we were very clear that we thought enhancing scale in orthopaedics was important and we did so at a time quite frankly was ahead of where you now see the competitive set doing. So I think we are very pleased having done that acquisition. We think of acquisitions as creating value over the long term and despite some market slow down we are still very confident in the growth of our overall orthopaedics business along with the trauma business that we acquired from Synthes just having the broader scale to create value. M&A can be tricky, we work very hard to do so and do the deals in a disciplined way and to gain value from these transactions over the long term.
Dominic Caruso: I think it’s very different dynamics in the emerging markets for consumers. So, for example the OTC businesses just as an example in Russia, we’re doing extremely well in emerging markets, in that emerging markets with our consumer business. Whereas in China, as you know we’ve had some issues there so we’ve seen some slower growth in the China emerging markets. In Medical Devices as Gary pointed out, that’s typically a robust market for us in Medical Devices. It’s our largest of the three businesses in emerging markets and in China in particular as Medical Devices and just particularly this quarter we had the inventory contraction that we saw from our distributors as the market has slowed down in China. So we think that’s sort of a one-time adjustment that we’ve just experienced this quarter.
Dominic Caruso: Tony, with respect to M&A and pharma and your comment about the speed at which we can do partnerships and maybe you thought we would accelerate them, we're always actively involved in this space, not only in oncology, but in all the therapeutic areas that we operate in. And as you know we already have a pretty robust pipeline where we're going to be filing 10 new NMEs between now and 2015, some of those of course come from the various partnerships and licenses that we've done. So you'll continue to see us do that. I think accelerating those is something we always love to do, but we want to do the right deal with the right partner at the right value and getting the deal done right is probably more important.
Dominic Caruso: Sure. You're welcome, Tony. Well, thanks everyone for tuning in today. Thanks, Louise and thanks, Gary, for giving us an update on our medical device business and strategies to accelerate growth. I'd just like to reiterate we're very pleased that we're able to announce a $10 billion share buyback program while we continue to actively look to put our financial strength to use to further accelerate our growth. So thanks again for tuning in today and have a very nice day. Bye-bye.
Gary Pruden: Thank you, David, and good morning. Yes, it's a great question. Listen we have I think been pretty consistent and when I had this conversation before that we see in cardiovascular there are interesting areas where there is a lot of growth opportunities and also unmet needs. I think we've talked about them before and said areas like CHF heart failure, structural heart are fast growing categories where there is a lot of unmet need and where we think we can add to our breadth that we have with the EP business currently. So as always we will be opportunistic in looking at opportunities both internally and externally to add to our portfolio. We think cardiovascular is a large category. Agreed we don't have the same scale as we do in surgery and orthopaedics, but we will look for opportunities to add to that scale with the appropriate types of investments that will create shareholder value in spaces where we think there is a lot of growth and opportunity. So we continue to look at that space. We've highlighted as we've done today remains an area where we've made some investments right because we do investments in small companies and technologies through our Johnson & Johnson Development Corp and we'll continue to evaluate the M&A field as well.
Gary Pruden: Thank you, David, and listen really good questions. Let me take the last one first. I think you saw in my presentation, cost to serve we see as an opportunity right. If you look at the robotics installed base as it is today, it's very much focused on the developed markets versus the emerging markets and that's because cost to serve is disproportionately out of balance. And we think that there are opportunities to have a much smaller footprint in terms of a technology, a lower cost to serve in terms of disposables as well as capital that we think can play across a broader range of surgical procedures in a cost effective way that improves the capability of the surgeon, provides real time data and analytics at their fingertips, greater OR flexibility and as mentioned there has an overall cost effectiveness which allows it to penetrate more procedures than what you see today.
Gary Pruden: Yeah, Mike. As mentioned, we had some one-time items that were occurring outside the US in our orthopaedics business. One, as Louise had mentioned in our, in China where we had a distributor inventory issue with some slowing of the markets there. We had some - make some corrections to distributor inventories which predominantly hit the trauma business but all of them. And then also in Brazil we saw some registration issues happen as part of the integration and that also had an impact in slowing the business as well. So those two predominant items had a disproportional impact in the quarter. We don't see those as ongoing issues. We are still excited about the opportunities for the business, specifically trauma in emerging markets we see as an opportunity and we will continue to focus our efforts there. So yes, we were disappointed in that, but we do see them as one-time items and we are working through that as we speak. But we still see a lot of opportunity for the business outside the United States.
Gary Pruden: Let me take the question on INVOKANA first. We do think that the positive benefits seen by the Lilly compound is most likely a class effect for SGLT2. It's too early to comment on any effect that we've seen. And we're also studying our compound regarding cardiovascular impacts. But that data is just a couple years away. But we do think there's a positive effect to the overall class as a result of the cardiovascular data that Lilly shared. With respect to long-acting injectables, Louise, any comments on market dynamics there, have you see, I haven't seen much already.
Gary Pruden: Thanks, Glenn. Good questions. So first, in terms of divestitures, as you know and how Dominic talked about it, which is we have a companywide premise that we should be number one or number two in the categories where we're committed and have a clear technology path to getting through either a number one or number two position. And if we don't, we're going to consider our options. So we have a very formalized process that we go through with the management committee and looking at our opportunities and we take on divestitures opportunities carefully as we've done in both the OCD and the Cordis situation. We will continue to do that portfolio analysis on an ongoing basis. So I can't really say what's going to happen. But certainly we will continue to look at our portfolio in terms of opportunities. We will also though continue to look at, Glenn, opportunities to acquire new businesses that we think are accretive, that will add to our business growth and create shareholder value. So I think in a disciplined focused approach where we divest we will also look at opportunities to acquire. I think certainly accelerating our pace of tuck-in deals would be a good opportunity for medical device we seek, considering our scale in the market, especially in surgery and orthopaedics is large, and we anticipate accelerating that pace over the next 12 to 18 months. In terms of the second question which was around opportunities as you look at our portfolio, you’re right, we have a lot of – I’ll call it – we call it singles and doubles, I would say we have a couple triples in there especially in the EP space that we think that will be some really game-changers. The big one that I would highlight for you which would be very different than anything else will be robotics. Now the category as mentioned in my talk is $2 billion growing at double digit, we see disruptive opportunity happening in the next couple of years here for us to take a substantial share of the market going forward with a very different technology that’s integrated and delivers value for our customers. So, putting a lot of focus and efforts there which we think will be important and we are also looking at other opportunities for us from a L&A and M&A perspective to bring in exciting technology into our platform to accelerate growth as well. So we have a couple of areas that I would say where I think we got some really interesting things. Also I would say in the next MD&D day coming up in May, you will see a little bit of the pipeline where in some of the areas that I am excited about but probably too early to disclose right now. And we will give you a little bit more detail at that point in time.
Gary Pruden: Absolutely. I think if you look at one of the slides in our strategy to win, our innovation focus areas, we are really focused on five key unmet needs. So one is in we see in surgical oncology, which the space is really evolving as we speak. Where we see more targeted interventions that using our combinations of approaches in terms of technologies may provide more minimum invasive outcomes for the patients in the long term. Second is really in the area of obesity and that is still a fast growing segment where we see a lot of opportunity. Especially as you start to think about more minimally invasive surgical procedures that produce outcomes similar or close to the surgical interventions today. I mentioned a select cardiovascular disease areas that we highlighted previously, and then obviously osteoarthritis and osteoporosis which offer many opportunities if you think about in terms of joints trauma and spine where we see interesting opportunities to get tuck-in deals that would help accelerate our growth. So, those are some areas that we’re very focused staying on right now. When you say spaces that we’re not in today, if you look at it, we are the largest most comprehensive medical device business with the footprint in surgery, orthopaedics and cardiovascular. We would obviously like to expand our cardiovascular footprint but we will do that in a strategic way where we can create some values. So there are very - lot of places that are nice adjacencies as I’ve outlined that we think we can create some value through tuck-in deals more larger acquisition as well.
Gary Pruden: No, listen I think Jami, that is a challenge we’re taking on in medical device, right which is as many companies with really large portfolio we have a mix of platform performance versus the market right. We’ve got strong performance leaders in segments in surgery, cardio and ortho, but also have some opportunities where we need to accelerate our growth right in platforms like spine, trauma, energy and infection prevention. I think we understand how to drive that growth in those areas in energy and infection prevention. We have a pipeline of new innovations which we think will accelerate our growth. In Spine and trauma we need to accelerate that pace of innovation through internal innovation and externally sourced innovations as well. So I think we will look at opportunities both organic and inorganic to accelerate our growth rate, to drive that performance because I think that will be critical and important to the long time growth of the business. As Dominic mentioned, with the scale of the business at $22 billion, right, accelerating our growth rate by one or two points is a very large acquisition, which any of those acquisition of that nature we would want to do that very carefully and ensure that we are creating shareholder value.
Gary Pruden: I look by splits the business from our surgical business to orthopaedics business, I look at China as a surrogate marker. Surgical business you still see good double-digit growth rates coming into the business. The realignment of issues in orthopaedics certainly offset that, same in Brazil we still see strong high single-digit, double-digit growth coming out of the surgery business but not so much in the ortho business due to the registration issues. So as in my comments in medical device it is slowed without question we’ve seen that but again access to care growth is still growing, raising the standard in the market in terms of the medical unmet needs is still an opportunity and we still see good growth coming there albeit tempered from what it was maybe over the last 18 months.
Gary Pruden: Thanks, Bob. So in terms of robotics, listen, I will leave the announcement to the new co of the company. They have some announcements that will be coming out in the next few weeks, so I'd like to leave the leader there to do it. As mentioned this is a partnership between ourselves and my partner, Andy Conrad at Google Life Sciences, so new company will make that announcement. In terms of the development stage, yes, we were in the phase where we are integrating right, our technology with the Google technology, right, in terms of from a systems engineering perspective, integrating informatics into the design of our robot. So we are looking, I would say you're on the earlier side of your range, right. I would say it's the next couple years. We'd obviously like to accelerate that, but we want to make sure that we stay true to our value proposition, which is we think what's available today is really the model that's more like the mainframe computer 50 years ago. We intend to go to the iPad version and that's what we want to launch. With a more integrated informatics diagnostics, right, that are available for the surgeon around the world as a lower cost to serve. So we think that it's better to do it right. There will be a lot of follow-on competitors that come in the next couple years that I think will be more big box players. That is clearly not our strategy. And we think this is an opportunity to be disruptive in a very unique partnership to create value for our customers, patients and also for the Johnson & Johnson shareholders.
Gary Pruden: Yes. So thank you for the question. And listen, I think that question is an age old question that goes on which is, will there be enough capital to support innovation? I think the end of the day the answer is always yes. The other thing that I'll point out is, we don't believe that capital play here for our innovation is going to be $2 million per hospital. So we're going to provide a lot more flexibility in terms of that and also quite frankly depends on our go-to-market model, right, in terms of how we bring that to market. So I think you might find some unique ways in order to do that. We haven't quite decided on that at this point. But as mentioned we have decided in terms of our value proposition which will be a lower cost to serve, a smaller footprint and we do believe that if you produced innovation, right, that delivers meaningful outcomes and improvement for patients, there will be enough capital out there globally to support that.
Louise Mehrotra: We are still seeing strong growth in that market and we've also just introduced Trinza, which is the three month formulation. So we think we're in a very, very good competitive position there. Thank you. Next question, please.
Louise Mehrotra: Yes. And in addition, so over half of our sales are in Medicare Part D and as you enter the donut hole, the manufacturers out there actually pickup the portion number of the pricing by 50%. So we are seeing that impact. Regarding REMICADE in Europe we are going to leave that Merck's to cover.
Louise Mehrotra: The emerging markets grew by 4% in the third quarter and on a year-to-date basis they grew by 5%. Because there is some fluctuations between some of the tender business, et cetera in the emerging markets particularly Brazil and Russia. You're probably better to use the year-to-date numbers it’s about 5% year-to-date operationally.
Louise Mehrotra: So Jeff I would like to point out that INVOKNANA did grow 91% in the quarter in U.S. I think that's pretty good. The markets consistently are growing about 7% I just looked at the trends and it’s very consistent for second and third quarter. As far as TRx's, we’re at 6.3% up from 6% in the second quarter, primary care is at 5.6% up from 5.3% and the endo at 13.1% is about the same as it was in the second quarter. So I think it’s doing very well.
Louise Mehrotra: To give you sequential TRxs, so I think that's the most recent that we would have, and I'm also looking at the market growth for that is at 7%. So I think we're doing fine. And as Dominic said, it's a very low incident. It's 0.01 or 0.1 in our Phase III trials. So it’s very low.
