Joe Wolk: Yes. So, good morning, David. Good to hear from you. I would say with our margins for the fourth quarter, I would stand by the guidance that we just gave. You might have noticed the slight tweak in language. We’ve gone from approximately 150 basis points to at least 150 basis points. So, we’ll plan to invest in the fourth quarter much as you’ve seen in previous years. With respect to other income and expense, I prefer to hold off till January when we give you 2019 guidance. I think it’s fair to say that we’ve commented in the past for quite some time now that when we do see a lessening of other income on that line, we will adjust accordingly with our operating margins.
Joe Wolk: Sure, Larry. Good morning. Good to speak with you. I think probably the best way for me to comment on currency is to say that we provide guidance on our operational performance and then just an estimate based on what the current spot rates are at the time. This year, it was much less of a tailwind than we thought when we were speaking with the investment community back in January, where we thought it would translate into about $1.5 billion of additional revenue reported. It’s only turning out to be about 25% of that. But, we’ve been able take up guidance based on just the solid operational strength of our underlying business. So, I won’t comment, because it’s just much too speculative as to what next year may hold with respect to a strengthening dollar. And your second question with respect to REMICADE, I would say that’s -- I wouldn’t expect any kind of step change. I think what you’ve seen this year is roughly 18% in the U.S. with biosimilar erosion. We continue to compete there. Most of that erosion is related to price. And we’re going to continue to do that. Because we know that that’s what patients and healthcare providers actually see as a product of most comfort. So, based on the safety and efficacy that we’ve demonstrated for a number of years and across all indications, we feel pretty strong that it still has a very strong place in the market. And the good news, as we said before biosimilars launched is, the immunology portfolio with the expansion of the STELARA label as well as the introduction of TREMFYA, continues to grow in spite of REMICADE’s erosion.
Joe Wolk: Sure. Thanks, Larry. I know I can count on you for a math question. So, let me give you some things to think about. Obviously, we don’t provide quarterly guidance, but I realize we’ve got three quarters into the year, so, it becomes somewhat of a plug. But, let me give you that the qualitative things to consider as you model Q4, which we think are somewhat temporary or fleeting in nature. We do expect Medical Devices to continue that modest improvement quarter-on-quarter, strengthening in areas where we’re already strong and then improving some of those areas that have underperformed in recent quarters. We do think we’ve turned the corner with Consumer. We want to see more data points with that. But, the growth that belies this quarter of 6% adjusted operational, there’s a slight I would say downward revision for that given some of the baby stocking. But, you’re still into the mid-5 range. We think that’s going to continue because it’s underpinned by the baby franchise being rolled out across the globe. We’re seeing strong receptivity for those products here in the U.S., China and India. And then, OTCs and beauty, skincare continue to perform at 6% levels. With Pharmaceutical, you have some unique adjustments. I would say there’s going to be some new generic and biosimilars entries with respect to TRACLEER and PROCRIT that we anticipate and is in our thinking for guidance in the fourth quarter. We’ll see continued erosion that wasn’t around fourth quarter of last year, with respect to CONCERTA and VELCADE. We do have much higher comps with respect to Pharmaceutical business. As you know, in the second half of 2017 is really when that business reaccelerated its strength. And then lastly, there’s a gross or net accrual that we’ll be making related to 2019 activity. As we get ready for the New Year, we have inventory at wholesalers and we accrue on those rebates. And just given the size of our business and some of the contracts that we see coming through, we think that’s going to be a little bit of an impact in the fourth quarter here.
Joe Wolk: Thanks for the question, Jamie. Well, I’ll kick off the answer and then maybe kick it over to Ashley to talk a little bit more about the plans for going forward in Medical Devices. But, I would say, comparing us to the peer group in Med Devices can be little bit misleading. I don’t know that anybody is at the breadth or scale that we have when you just look at the level of revenue. There is maybe one other competitor that’s notable and we outperformed them. That being said, we are not satisfied with the performance in Medical Devices. We’re seeing, improvements. Whether that’s going to take a transformational deal or tuck in deal, we’re looking at all of them across all segments of our businesses. We want to make sure it’s a good strategic fit and that we can create value not just for the company but for shareholders going forward. Ashley, maybe you can comment on a few things that will continue this upward momentum that we started in Medical Devices.
Joe Wolk: Thank you, Ashley. And Jennifer, maybe you can address Jami’s question regarding pricing at Pharmaceutical ex REMICADE.
Joe Wolk: Sure. So, thanks for the question, Danielle. With respect to transformative deals or truck-in deals, again, we look at all scale of deals. Last year alone in medical devices, we invested slightly over $1 billion with the 30 tuck-in deals and you’re seeing some of that improve the performance within the Medical Device segment right now. So, again it’s going to come back to those core principles of making sure it’s a strategic fit and then creating value for shareholders.
Joe Wolk: The CABANA data, I would say that’s -- it maybe had a slight impact in terms of overall procedural market growth, but nothing that the team called out as a significant driver.
Joe Wolk: Thanks, Amit for question. So, I think, when we look at a strong economy across the globe where -- is really where our strength has been. If you look, we’re actually growing outside the U.S. stronger, 2X times what we’ve grown here in the U.S. But, a strong economy does tend to lend itself to better coverage and better healthcare. So, that is helping underpin some of the procedural growth that we’re seeing.
Joe Wolk: Yes. And regarding DARZALEX, it’s 2019 filing; it’s an event driven. So, that’s all we’re sharing at this point in time.
Joe Wolk: Bob, it’s a good question. I would think it should be a manageable headwind, and obviously, it’s going to depend on how much currencies fluctuate. But, we’re not overly tied to currencies in emerging markets. So, it should be manageable.
Joe Wolk: I just want to take a moment here too and follow up maybe on Jennifer’s comments with respect to Secretary Azar’s proposal and just be very clear that with -- we support the administration’s spirit of transparency and getting more information out there. I think the position of PhRMA right now is we want to make sure that we provide that information in a way that’s meaningful and provides clarity to patients. Having list price on DTC ads could be somewhat confusing and actually act as a deterrent to good responsible healthcare. And we just want to make sure that that doesn’t play out that way. But certainly looking to digest the proposal and put it into practice, the best way possible that’s meaningful for patients and the healthcare system.
Joe Wolk: Yes. So, Geoff, maybe the first thing is to clarify the question that we currently believe we are the holder of a strong patent and we plan to defend those rights. We’re looking forward to the judge’s decision later this month. But, as Jennifer indicated, our growth, even without ZYTIGA was very strong. There are some potentially generic headwinds on the horizon. Should that for some reason put us below market, which is not something that other companies face, given the breadth of our portfolio, we’ve got 12 brands in Pharmaceuticals that deliver better than $1 billion in revenue. We can absorb that. So, we’re not in a situation where we’re going to take a year or two off from growth. And anything that’s at market is probably only temporary because we’ve got good confidence in our pipeline going forward.
Joe Wolk: Great. Thanks Chris. Thank you, Ashley, Jorge, Jennifer for sharing your insights on our business and delivering your -- with your team’s very strong results for the third quarter. I hope it is clear to you and the investment community that our business is very strong. And we look forward to living into the new guidance that we have articulated earlier today for 2018. Thanks for your interest in Johnson & Johnson. And we look forward to speaking with you soon. Have a good day.
Jennifer Taubert: Great. Let me start in there. Good morning, David. First of all, we’re really pleased with our third quarter performance for the pharmaceuticals sector. So, the 8.2% operational growth, which is above the market and growth coming that’s broadly based across the portfolio with nine key brands achieving double digit growth and very strong performance as we look across the globe. As you noted, if we actually remove ZYTIGA from that mix, our growth was 6.6% operationally, so really, really strong performance. And so, I think what ZYTIGA shows and demonstrates, while we’re pleased with ZYTIGA, we’re absolutely not dependent on it. As Joe indicated, we’re not providing any guidance right now for 2019. And in previous sessions, we’ve discussed sort of the process and the legal challenges that are underway. Right now, we’re in the process of waiting for court ruling on ZYTIGA in our stay at the end of October, October 28, I believe. So, we’re not going to make any speculations or predictions on that. In fact, we’re very, very pleased with the Pharma performance overall and very, very broadly based throughout the portfolio.
Jennifer Taubert: Yes. And I believe Jami’s question also was fairly focusing on immunology as well. And so, we definitely are seeing continued pressure on pricing in immunology as both the payers are working to extract greater rebates and discounts, and also as there is increase in competition in the key categories. However, that being said, I think given our strategy with being a transformational medical innovator, the types of products that we’re bringing forward, the data that we’re bringing forward and the types of analytics and things that we’re doing in partnering with customers, I think we’re really well-positioned to continue to compete and to be able to succeed in the market. If you take a look at our products ex-REMICADE in the immunology category, we’ve got very robust growth, taking a look at STELARA with that growth being led by our Crohn’s indication; TREMFYA, which is really making significant inroads in psoriasis; and also SIMPONI and SIMPONI ARIA. And so, even if you include REMICADE, we’re continuing to grow outside of that with the others, we’ve got very robust growth. So, going back, our growth really has been driven largely by volume and expanding our reach and reaching greater number of patients. And I continue to believe that that’s how we’ll be driving our growth going forward. So, yes, market is heating up in terms of discounts and rebates, but I think that we’re well-positioned to be able to continue to compete successfully.
Jennifer Taubert: Sure. So on the pricing front overall, I think as we look into 2019 and what we’re seeing in the contract, I think that we’re going to see a continued evolution in some of the categories where there are very high level of competitors. But, it’ll be an evolution in pricing, not a revolution or a step change. But, it definitely continues to be an area of focus for the payers and in that heavily contracted categories. If we take a look at DARZALEX, so DARZALEX had very strong performance with 60% growth worldwide, sales nearly $500 million. And it was very strong, both based in the U.S. and ex-U.S. What you’re referring to and what we had mentioned relating to ex-U.S.is that we did have a onetime adjustment related to accruals for retroactive reimbursement, and that negatively impacted the DARZALEX worldwide growthby 16 points. This is just a normal adjustment, as we negotiate with governments to get reimbursement in some of the ex-U.S.markets. And we see this as a normal course of business and really a onetime adjustment. But DARZALEXoverall is demonstrating very, very strong growth and another strong quarter.
Jennifer Taubert: So, for ESKETAMINE, we’re really excited about ESKETAMINE’s potential for treatment resistant depression and also hopefully in the future, major depressive disorder, and for those patients who are at imminent risk of suicidality. Both of those products -- or programs, excuse me, have FDA breakthrough designation, which represents the significant unmet medical need. We are really confident in the totality of our data across the ESKETAMINE program and what we have filed both with the U.S. authorities as well as the EMEA authorities. It’s really difficult in these types of trials to prove success, as you know, as you take a look across the industry. And we believe that across the totality of our data, we’ve got a very, very robust program and robust data and are hopeful and optimistic for approval. In terms of an FDA panel, I don’t know if we have heard from the -- back from the agency yet, if we will have one or not. They are typically standard for first-in-class or a new mechanism. So, I think, our team is going to anticipate and prepare for one. And as soon as -- I don’t know if we have the actual answer on that. But that would not be unusual in any respect. I think, the default is everyone gets a panel, unless the agency says no on that. And the other question was on ERLEADA. So we have launched ERLEADA in the U.S. I believe we’re not yet reporting sales on that in terms of numbers. We’re pleased with the uptake. As you know with ERLEADA, this is in the pre-metastatic setting. So, it’s in the earlier course of disease, both urologists and oncologists prescribe for it. There is very strong, both awareness and receptivity to the profile, the data and the label. And so, there is very strong interest in prescribing. But, we didn’t anticipate -- you wouldn’t anticipate to see the same type of uptake that you would in a later line of therapy. You really need to look at this as more of a chronic type of therapy with a chronic uptake ramp. But, what we’ve seen today in terms of that provider and patient receptivity and uptake, we have been very pleased with ERLEADA. And we’re also looking forward to data hopefully coming soon or early in 2019 in combination with ZYTIGA data as well.
Jennifer Taubert: I think what we referenced earlier with Chris is spine is a little bit softer than some of the other joint businesses; hips and knees are pretty consistent at that 2% to 3%. And we don’t anticipate significant shift in upcoming quarters. I do think it’s a good news that our orthopedics business, I will use the word, stabilized in quarter three and the mix improved with hips performing up 2.4%. We had our Craniomaxillofacial growing 2.4%. you heard Chris mention that our knees were up 1 point and that spine continued to improve versus prior quarters. Spine was down around 7.5% in the quarter one and was down about 3.2% in quarter two and down about 1.4% in quarter three. So, clearly, progress but still work to be done on orthopedics. And I believe your last question was related to robots. And I guess, what I would offer is we have a good fortune to enjoy really very strong market leading position in open surgery, which is about 50% of all surgeries are conducted as well as minimally invasive laparoscopic surgery. And we intend to have offerings in digital surgery as well as offerings in endoluminal surgery. And we really think that having contribution in all four of those segments will enable a future surgery that J&J can really add a lot of value. So, clearly robotics are having an impact in today’s market. The penetrations are still low, although growing. And I envision Johnson & Johnson has a very competitive offering in the foreseeable future related to digital surgery.
Jennifer Taubert: So, as it relates yesterday to the administration’s proposal, as well as hopefully you saw as well that PhRMA put forward some new principles that the PhRMA members will be adhering to. We really believe that patients should have access to the information that is helpful and that they can use to make the best decisions regarding their health. And so, this does include greater transparency around health care costs. And so, we’ve been a leader in transparency to-date. That’s why we provide information about how we price our medicines and how we invest our resources in our annual U.S. Transparency Report. So, we are absolutely working in partnership with PhRMA around PhRMA’s announcements yesterday and what we can do on DTC pricing. This has been done in line with what we learned from customers and patients, and what they think is actually going to be helpful, which is not only information on list pricing, but also putting that information into the right context. So, what that actually means for them, since list point -- list price is really just a starting point. So for patients, what is their likely out of pocket costs going to be, what types of financial assistance is available in addition to information, like the list price. So, we’re going to respond to the agency’s proposal. There’s 60 days we’re going to go ahead and respond to that and provide our input, in the meantime, go ahead and implement what we’re executing and what we’re doing in line with PhRMA on that. Again, I think anything that is helpful and useful for patients and helps to put all the information in context is going to be really good for them. I think, we just need to be careful of things such as list price alone is not the full extent of the information. And we would worry about patients not going to their doctor to seek care, not going in for the appropriate treatments. So, we believe we’re doing the right thing with just the PhRMA proposal, and we’ll just to have to wait and see what happens with Secretary Azar’s proposal that he announced yesterday.
Jennifer Taubert: And we’re very optimistic about that data. And we think it will be an important further catalyst for DARZALEX is that is that data will be the regimen that is most commonly used in the United States. So, we already have that frontline data and used with VELCADE, ex-U.S. as well as approved in the U.S. We think the data including REVLIMID is going to be really important going forward for the U.S. market.
Jennifer Taubert: Yes. So, we actually think that they’re complementary in the multiple myeloma space. And so, we’re very excited about CAR-T. We’ve dosed our first patient already, which is a very, very fast timeline versus when we did that deal with Legend. I think if you take a look at the unmet medical need in multiple myeloma, there -- it still remains significant need. And so, I think having both, DARZALEX as well as what we got with the BCMA CAR-T together will be a nice portfolio for patients, which will allow us to continue to grow.
Ashley McEvoy: David, good morning. No, I think for knees, with quarter three, I think you saw a little bit of a stabilization in quarter three in North America versus quarter two. We expect that to improve as we continue the rollout of our ATTUNE revision, which has gotten a very healthy uptick. And as we launch the cementless program in 2019, and then progress our digital surgery offering in Orthotaxy following in 2020, obviously coupled with very strong commercial excellence. Thanks for the question.
Ashley McEvoy: Jami, thanks for the question. And I guess I would offer ground on kind of where we come from and then clearly where we aim to be. And what we’re fortunate to be is, in a very strong position with number two in med tech, and we have half of our platforms growing above the market, and we’ve got very competitive profitability and very competitive free cash flow. So, what I’d like to say, very strong purpose of what we do every day of helping people. So with that at our back, clearly we are very focused on flipping each of this platform that we’re dissatisfied and have been underperforming the market. And our strategy to achieve this has really been through accelerating innovation. You heard us speak around 15 to 20 new products, and many of those are having very strong traction in the marketplace. I use examples like some of the spine innovations have been enabling some of that fine performance. I expect some of the innovations in the ATTUNE revision and getting metal-less will help us with knees. I expect some of the innovations that we’re launching in energy and endocutters, particularly around like the ECHELON FLEX will help us. We’ve also been doing a lot of different M&A deals. We’ve done about 26 deals this year, 5 of them have been acquisitions, 10 equity investments, 2 of them are divestitures; 1, which will hit in quarter four, which is diabetes, the other one will be ASP, which is early 2019; and then, several other co-promotes. So, I think we are very focused on accelerating those platforms that are in fact growing above the market. We’re aligned on that strength, treating the ones that are underperforming through innovation, M&A and commercial excellence. And obviously we’re always looking at transformative M&A but we haven’t modeled in any of that.
Ashley McEvoy: I would just complement that Danielle with just saying, again historically, 50% of innovation has come from inorganic versus organic, and that blend will continue. As Joe mentioned even in 2018, we’ve already done 26 deals, some those acquisitions, some of those equity, some of those co-promotes. So, it really has to do with the strategic fit and the value-creation in each of the platforms that we compete in.
Ashley McEvoy: Thank you, Jason. Yes. We did enjoy 23% growth in quarter three. I think it’s been a very strong combination of market procedures continuing to increase as well as a very strong focus on commercial execution and market creation on ablation, as well as very-balanced geographic growth. We enjoyed in our Biosense Webster business growth of 34% in Asia and 11% in EMEA as well as 20% in North America; again, the combination of core performance as well as some of the new products taking effect.
Ashley McEvoy: This is Ashley speaking. A couple of things. One, in our Ethicon surgical business, clearly we enjoy many market leading positions. And I’ll come back to the next. What I’m pleased to see is that our endocutter business is up 10% in quarter three, our biosurgery up 9%. Consistent growth in our wound closure where we enjoy market leading, really driven by some innovation on barbed sutures, and a lot of evidence generation strategy related to the antimicrobial effect for infection reduction. We are seeing challenges clearly in reprocessing and robotics in some of our energy and endomechanical business. OUS, our energy business is performing quite well, but we are experiencing some challenges in the U.S. related to robotics and some reprocessing. I do expect that when -- the advancement of our robotic offering and digital surgery in forthcoming years that will help ameliorate that. We’ve also dialed up the innovation agenda and our endomechanical and energy business to really stronger -- compete in the handheld market.
