Chris DelOrefice: Good morning. This is Chris DelOrefice, Vice President of Investor Relations for Johnson & Johnson. Welcome to our company’s review of business results for the first quarter of 2020. I hope everyone is healthy and remaining safe during these times. With safety in mind, we are utilizing a more virtual approach in exercising social distancing while conducting this call. Joining me on call today to address Johnson & Johnson’s response to the coronavirus global pandemic along with our first quarter results are Alex Gorsky, Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer; Dr. Paul Stoffels, Vice Chairman of the Executive Committee and Chief Scientific Officer; and Joe Wolk, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer. During the Q&A portion of the call, Joaquin Duato, Vice Chairman of the Executive Committee, will also join Alex, Paul, Joe and myself. A few logistics before we get into the details. This review is being made available via webcast accessible through the Investor Relations section of the Johnson & Johnson website at investor.jnj.com where you can also find additional materials, including today’s presentation and associated schedules. We would like to draw your attention to the fact that there are slight changes to the sales reporting of the medical devices and pharmaceutical businesses which I will comment to as I review the segment commentary. Additionally, those changes are noted and reconciliations are available on the website. We appreciate you joining us on the call today. In order for us to provide insights related to the COVID-19 pandemic and to allow for ample time for Q&A, the call will last around 90 minutes. Please note that today’s presentation includes forward-looking statements. We encourage you to review the cautionary statement included in today’s presentation, which identifies certain factors that may cause the company’s actual results to differ materially from those projected. In particular, there is significant uncertainty about the duration and contemplated impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. This means that results could change at anytime and the contemplated impact of COVID-19 on the company’s business results and outlook is a best estimate based on the information available as of today’s date. Our SEC filings, including our 2019 Form 10-K along with reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures utilized for today’s discussion to the most comparable GAAP measures are also available at investor.jnj.com. Several of the products and compounds discussed today are being developed in collaboration with strategic partners or licensed from other companies. This slide acknowledges those relationships. Moving to today’s agenda, Alex will start with his perspectives related to the COVID-19 pandemic and JNJ’s response. Paul will then update you on our efforts to develop a vaccine for the COVID-19 virus along with JNJ’s therapeutic development efforts. Next, I will cover consolidated and segment sales information along with some operational highlights from the P&L with the estimated COVID-19 impact framed where applicable. Joe will conclude by providing insights on the status of our operations, including actions we are taking to maintain business continuity, how we think about our capital allocation during this time and will provide an update on our full year guidance. The remaining time will be available for your questions. I am now pleased to turn the call over to Alex Gorsky.
Chris DelOrefice: Great. Thanks, Joanne. Appreciate the question. Operator, we have time for two more questions. I would ask folks to keep their questions to just one.
Chris DelOrefice: Great. Thanks, Louise. Appreciate the question. Thanks to everyone for your questions and your continued interest in our company. Apologies, I know we weren’t able to get to a lot of you, but certainly the Investor Relations team is happy to engage with you in more detailed discussions and we appreciate your time on the call today. We hope you find this information valuable and I will now turn the call over to Alex just for some final comments.
Joe Wolk: Great. Sure, David. Thanks for the questions. I would say you could probably expect that in our consumer unit, you saw significant stocking across the globe probably as Chris referenced was about 7 points of additional growth for the consumer franchise. We were off to a good start, but then you saw the benefit of pantry loading. I would say in pharm remains to be seen. As you know, we don’t give quarterly guidance. It was only worth about 1 point of growth in the quarter as some PBMs moved from 30-day refill cycles to 90 days. I would imagine that activity will still continue, but we have to see how that plays out a little bit further into the second quarter here when you have stay-at-home protocols.
Joe Wolk: Sure, Larry. Thanks for the question. As you might imagine, while we hope 2021 looks a lot like we thought it was going to look like maybe 3 months ago. We really have to let that play out. We did see and put into our modeling anywhere from normal level of procedures in the fourth quarter to a recoupment if you will of plus 15%. But it’s really going to depend on the pandemic itself what’s the health priorities, how are patients and consumers feeling about going to the hospital for these procedures. So I believe from what we have heard from hospital CEOs that they would like to get back into business of elective surgeries. Many of you saw recent announcements, Mayo Clinic most recently with respect to just only 25% utilization in their elective suites. That is putting financial strain on major hospital systems and we want to make sure that when we return to normal that there is good quality healthcare still in place. So I will defer I think it would be a little bit irresponsible for me at this point in time to comment on 2021. The hope and the optimism is for whenever the pandemic abates, we will be at or above expectations that we have all once had.
Joe Wolk: Yes, I would think it really dovetails to what Alex outlined there in terms of returning to work, opening up the economy. We’re going to look for those same telltale signs, how safe is the environment at large with respect to people’s comfort level to going back, being in social settings, going to hospitals to get procedures that they would – might otherwise defer during a time like this. So we’ll continue to watch those on each weekly basis and the volume that comes through our major markets.
Joe Wolk: Thanks for the questions, Louise. So with respect to what’s in the $2.3 billion that I referenced in my prepared remarks. Those are expenses that we expect to naturally fall out as a result of the social distancing or stay-at-home measures, the work-from-home measures that have been instituted across the globe. So think of those in categories such as travel, company meetings. There will be some project delays naturally when people aren’t on site to execute them. I want to be very clear though, we are not rushing to judgment and cutting valuable scientific programs, valuable initiatives within our commercial capabilities or programs that benefit our employees to manage our P&L in the short term. As you heard me say, we think we are very well-positioned for the long term. You heard from Paul, Alex and Joaquin that our clinical trials for our major submissions this year continue to be on track. We are not looking to disrupt this. So we talk to investors regularly. They want us managing for two, five, 10 years out with a long term perspective. And so that’s what we’re living into. We think that’s appropriate given with the guidance we provided today and should the need arise, we will look to of course correct as appropriate. With respect to our cash flow, clearly, we will have a little bit of a hit to our original projections. But as a reminder, we are a strong generator of cash flow. Last year, we had an all-time high of about $20 billion in cash flow. We were still up very well into the teens this year in all of our projections. We will see how it plays out relative to this guidance. But we are very well-positioned with $18 billion of cash and access to credit markets, should we need them on a short term basis. But we feel very comfortable with the position, not just for getting through 2020, but then being very strong into 2021.
Alex Gorsky: Sure, Chris. Thank you very much for the message. And look maybe before I answer that, I just want to make a couple of comments. First of all, once again acknowledging the tremendous impact that this is having on citizens around the world let alone patients and consumers, this is likely one of the most significant events that any of us have ever experienced in a very personal way. And I think making sure that throughout this particularly as the world’s largest healthcare products company that we remain just incredibly focused on serving them is our number one priority. I think secondly, it’s really acknowledging healthcare workers. I am privileged to have a number of family members frankly who are out there on the frontline making a difference everyday. And when you see what they are doing and literally going into battle and preparing for the worst hoping for the best, working 24/7, without them, I couldn’t imagine the situation we would be in. And then last but not least is the work of our employees. I am incredibly inspired you’ve heard earlier the great progress, the strong progress that we have made on our vaccine program. And while Paul reviewed that perhaps in 10 minutes which is I think really important to keep into perspective is that the work that he is talking about accomplishing literally in 6 to 12 months would usually take between 5 and 7 years. And to do that in a way where there is a relentless focus on safety, on efficacy, on affordability, but also while accelerating those timelines to do everything we can to be touching as you heard in those numbers up to 1 billion people with vaccines in the course of 2021 is it’s a huge undertaking and we have got people working 24/7 everyday of the week right now to really make that possible. Now as it relates to China, Chris, I think that there too it’s important to acknowledge the work of our team member when we first saw this starting to break in late December, early January, we immediately assembled the team. And they began taking actions very quickly obviously to ensure the safety of our employees, but also to ensure the integrity of our supply chain and being able to support the healthcare infrastructure within China. And what we have seen over the past several weeks, I would say is a gradual return of the business. It’s important to remember that in our case in addition to the economic statistics that I think many other people can share given the number of associates that we have on the ground that are literally visiting hospitals even in some more of the remote areas, we are confident that we are starting to see what I would call a reentry into procedures depending on where you are that can range from 50% to as high as 60% or 70% as of today. And there still are areas that are at the low end of that spectrum. We have also heard some comments recently about some concern about a follow-up wave or resurgence and then responding accordingly, but I think overall, we are starting to see a return to a more normal rate of surgical procedures and frankly just the provision of healthcare services vis-à-vis our pharmaceutical business and our consumer business as well. We have more than 50% of our employees back to work following very specific protocols and directives to ensure their safety, but we are confident that as we proceed in the coming months that we will see a more of return to normal continuing. Thank you.
Alex Gorsky: Larry, just one other comment on that that I think might be some important perspective is you know as Joe said and as I am sure you can appreciate over the past several weeks we have done our best to be in very close touch with hospital CEOs, with physicians who are working in systems around the country. And what we are currently saying I think is a – this was consistent with what you have seen in some recent press articles where look there are clearly areas where it has been just a relentless pace of patient care in areas like New York, areas like Northern New Jersey, other hotspots such as New Orleans, Detroit, and there are also other areas in the Midwest where you might say there are hot zones. Outside of that, however and very consistent with Joe’s comments what you see in many cases are hospitals that are well under 50% of their capacity that have also increased some of their investments to the threefold sometimes more and appropriately so preparing for the absolute worst case in a pandemic. But at the same time, they have lost a very significant portion of their income, seeing a cost increase putting potential financial stress on them. And so – and we are also hearing a consistent theme of making sure that as they think about returning ensuring that we can get consumer and patient confidence back up to the right kind of testing programs, the right kind of protocols in the hospital in place to make sure that we can get healthcare professionals that is physicians, nurses, the kind of assurance that they are going to need to get back to a more normal state of working as well as in some cases given the amount of work they have been doing make sure that they have got the kind of backup resources in place to be able to do that is going to be very, very important as the healthcare systems work with governors and frankly even with Congress making sure the Cares 3 and Cares 4 are accounting for this significant strain on hospitals around the country. So I hope that’s helpful.
Alex Gorsky: Yes, Terence, thank you very much and, look, I would also like to acknowledge the great work that I think our teams have done in trying to provide you with a very thoughtful balance and fact-based projection on what we’re seeing in each of our markets. And again it’s been extremely rigorous using a number of quantitative as well as qualitative sources to – and hopefully the kind of transparency that you are hearing and you’re seeing on this call is indicative of the way we are trying to proceed to ensure that you have got as much information as possible to help understand what we are dealing with. It’s difficult to predict, overall, but I would tell you that there are many efforts here in the United States, certainly, with organizations like the business roundtable there others taking place on a global basis and obviously I think everyone believes that they should start with the science and the data on what we’re seeing in terms of disease progression, particularly in some of the hot spots and what you’re seeing in Italy and Spain, let alone watching the ongoing issue in China with an emphasis on what could happen in a round two or round three, as well as what we’re seeing here in the United States, be it in New York City, Northern New Jersey, but also relative to other places. Frankly, we’re seeing some quite encouraging signs such as California and other areas. So understanding the data in terms of what is the rate of new patient infections versus the rate, for example, of discharges or deaths that are taking place, we think is an important factor. Next, it’s also the availability of some of the testing kits that are available, both at the front end with antigen testing, but at the back end with antibody testing. We’re really encouraged by some of the work that we’re seeing in the diagnostics area and the way the companies who stepped up to try to accelerate availability. Clearly, there were some challenges early on and that are likely – continue to be some challenges but the more that we can ensure the kind of capacity really that’s necessary with kits, with reagents, with swaps and in these new testing procedures, we think that, again, that’s going to give citizens and others a lot more confidence. I think, third is going to be – well, likely to be in a state where it will be a combination, the testing and protocols for some time. Even as we return to work, understanding that the workplace, that our lives will be a bit different, but understanding that we can use that data and sometimes maybe even by new tracking devices in conjunction with the test kits, along with these protocols to form, what I’d call, a progressive or more gradual reentry, again ensuring that we continue to build confidence, we continue to watch the data and we do that, by the way, while we’re developing hopefully a therapeutic that would give us an opportunity to intervene in this disease in the coming months. As you know, the biopharmaceutical industry has invested billions of dollars over the past decade – several decades and it’s not only Johnson & Johnson, other companies are doing tremendous work and working with regulators to see what can be done to accelerate that. And if we can have one or several of those in combination, perhaps, later in the summer or certainly as we head into the fall and then if we can get success with a vaccine, and again, we’re certainly proud of the work that we’re doing that Paul mentioned, but also by the other companies. This would give us a very comprehensive approach as soon as we head into the back end of 2020 and early 2021. This is a disease that can be managed and one that we will have a much better understanding of and hopefully be able to put behind us at the right point in time.
Alex Gorsky: Hey, thank you, once again, everybody, for your time and the work that you’re doing and I want to end where we started by once again acknowledging the significant impact this is having on citizens, on patients, on consumers around the world. We also believe that this demonstrates the importance of healthcare in everyone’s lives, the impact that it has in a very personal way on people, on families, but also the impact that it has on countries, on economies, on almost every aspect of our lives. And what I can absolutely commit to you is that when we say that at Johnson & Johnson, we are built for time like this, it’s out of humility, knowing the important role that we play and ensuring healthcare is available and accessible in a way where we can truly make a difference for billions of people around the world. So thank you very much. And we will look forward to our upcoming discussions and updates in the coming weeks and months. Bye everybody stay safe and stay healthy.
