Alex Gorsky: As I commented earlier in my comments, I think overall, we believe that our diversified portfolio does better position us for the healthcare market that we are likely to experience ahead. Let’s start with our pharmaceutical group, I believe the transformation that has occurred over the past several years when you consider the fact that we went through a very significant period of generic entries and patent expirations and you look at not only the fact the major changes that we made in our organization. But also if you look at the focus that Paul, Joaquin and their teams have put on specific therapeutic areas and frankly the success rates that we have had with our clinical development programs in getting new products to the market, we think it's really significant and has positioned us very well.  We think by being focused in these areas not only does it give us an advantage in terms of our scientific insights in clinical development but it also enables us to leverage our commercial organization and really be focused on the right customers. So while we are very pleased with the uptick that we are seeing across that portfolio right now, with products like ZYTIGA, XARELTO, INCIVO, STELARA and SIMPONI. We’re also investing for the future and we’re excited about some of the new compounds that we have whether it's canagliflozin, bapineuzumab, things further out such as ibrutinib as well as TMC 435. And we’re continuing to invest even longer term as you heard in our announcement this week with our new cyclic peptide in heart failure recognizing that its earlier. So, I think there we got a strong portfolio of very differentiated drugs that the market's demanding, but clearly we're also investing for the future.  Now if I can step over to our MD&D space next, I think what I would say is, we're also positioning ourselves for what we believe are going to be the needs, the demands of the future environment. Specifically, it requires innovation and that's both in terms of products as well as the way that we're offering products to that marketplace. I think some of the recent moves that we've made with Synthes for example, creating the world's largest orthopedics platform, whether it's in reconstruction with hips and knees, spine, Sports Medicine, the emerging neurologics, obviously working now with trauma, and the Maxillofacial group coming in from Synthes. It's going to give us a breadth and depth to work with customers both in the United States as well as abroad on a very broad scale, bringing not only a broad array of products, but also other services and solutions that we think are going to be expected by hospitals and other payors in that particular environment.  We have also made changes in our surgery group, if you look at what we have done over the past couple of quarters by bringing Ethicon or Ethicon Endo-Surgery group and our renewed portfolio and our Cardiovascular group together. There too we think we are not only offering them a very differentiated pipeline particularly with biosurgicals, our energy instruments, but we’re also bringing a more competitive commercial model to bear that we think will bear fruits in the short-term as well as long-term.  And finally, in our consumer group, we are clearly focused on remediation of our OTC business. That’s been a very clear priority that we set for the organization and we’re continuing to make strides, although we realize that it does present challenges and that there are learning’s along the way. What we have seen frankly is we do get products back on the shelf that consumers demanded and so we will get the consent decree remediation completed. And we’re very optimistic about the brands going forward, particularly when you look at our skin care line, you look at our baby care line, overall they are doing well, our oral care line also. So, we think that all of our segments of our business have good in line opportunities, we think there’s exciting opportunities coming in each of their pipelines. But we also realize that given some of the changes in the market that we’re likely going to have to be even more disciplined, more selective and decisive going forward.  And I think evidence of that is the decision that we made in the drug eluting stent market that we alluded to earlier, we think that was the right call and by the way, Louise mentioned earlier, if you look at what we’re doing with the Biosense Webster right now and the progress that we’re making we are pleased with that, we’re putting investments in other areas of our business. If you look at the investment with Synthes there too we’re very optimistic based upon the work that we have seen through the integration so far. So, that would be my response to your question, Mike. Thank you.
Alex Gorsky: Yes, Mike. We had two supply interruptions again in our energy and in our cardiovascular stents. We are in the process of resolving those as we speak and we are confident that in the back end of this year we will see that return to a normal flow.
Alex Gorsky: Yes. Matt, your observation is right that overall I think we are up about 1.5% and again there is puts and takes across that. But what we are seeing is obviously some additional pressure with price as well as volumes and price being regulated mostly to tendering and some of the contract things that we would see in our pharmaceutical group. What we are seeing is consistent with around 2011 with perhaps slightly more in Southern Europe. If you look at MD&D, we are also seeing pressures, some in price, but some just in extended queues, longer wait times for certain procedures. So we are watching it very closely. We have not seen a dramatic change over what we saw in 2011, but obviously we still think that there are a lot of macroeconomic conditions and dynamics that may impact that going forward.
Alex Gorsky: Again, we are seeing some impact in pharma on the pricing side mostly related to tenders and other austerity measures, but not to a significantly greater degree than what we have commented around 2011 so far this year.
Alex Gorsky: Overall, I’d say we are really pleased with the launch of INCIVO. As we look at it starting I believe in about the fourth quarter of last year, it's uptake in terms of share as well as volume has been very impressive. A lot of the volume obviously coming out of France and Germany and so overall we are very pleased with it. We did see some deceleration of that as we went into the second quarter. A part of that we think is just due to the bullish or new urgent patients that you see in the larger markets when we got out there early in the year. Second we think there's probably some seasonality related to it. So if we combine all of that we are still very confident in what we think the future prospects for that drug look like.
Alex Gorsky: We are in an ongoing dialog right now with the Agency. We remain very confident in our file. You are obviously familiar with some of the comments that were made at the review committee. We are working our way through those and so again if we think if we look at the overall data set, we are confident that we are going to be able with the agency towards a positive resolution of that in the future.
Alex Gorsky: What I’d say and we have been very clear about it with our management team is that, our goal is to be very decisive about what businesses we're in and that we are not in. We realized that when there are areas, where frankly we don't think we are going to make the difference for patients or we are not as competitive as we should be as we were in drug eluting stents, but we should divest or be out of those businesses and reallocate our resources elsewhere. And where we think there is a greater opportunity, Synthes, in those areas we think we should put additional resources and make the right investments to make us even more competitive. So, we are going to be very disciplined. We are going to be also very decisive in how we are going to go forward, recognizing dynamics in the healthcare marketplace.
Alex Gorsky: No Danielle, what I’d say is, look we are looking for areas that, where we think first of all, there is a lot of unmet medical need, so it could be a new technology and new platform that just makes a big difference and that we think offers a real growth opportunity. The other areas are where there's an obvious complement to maybe something that we already have and we've got a number of examples of those. Some of the things where we have gone out in oncology, some of the recent things that we have done in other areas of our business represent those. And then sometimes it could be for vertical integration where we want to be able to become to more effective and more efficient about what we're doing. So, those are some of the strategic drivers that we look at, but obviously it's always done in the context of what the competitive environment is and other dynamics.
Alex Gorsky: Now it’s a good follow-up, Glenn. Overall, look obviously we think that there are going to be opportunities as well as challenges associated with healthcare reform and how it ultimately gets rolled out. Certainly, if we look at some of the data, for example in the first quarter of this year what we have seen, hospital admissions up just about 2%. We saw some surgical procedures up around 4%. We saw lab procedures up at around 3%, ortho procedures up around 3%, offset with office visits actually down about 3%, the only caveat. That’s first quarter data. That’s the most recent data that we have. And, frankly, we believe that the hospitals are going to be looking for ways to become more efficient and more effective across the board. And that's what we hear from our customers and again that’s here in the United States as well as abroad. The offset of course in the United States is the increased volumes that the hospitals will be getting from the newly covered patients that will be coming into the system under healthcare reform. But clearly we would expect there to be additional challenges in the pricing environment and therefore all the more important, to my earlier statements as we look at our portfolio as we look at our capabilities, having a broad base, having offerings that go beyond the product, building on our relationships, building on our scale are going to be more and more important.
Alex Gorsky: Sure. Matt, thanks a lot for the question. What I have seen having just recently been over to Russia and made a number of visits over to China as well as to Brazil and to some of the other emerging markets is, most importantly that the customer in those markets is the government. And what we've found is that the government is very interested as they are building their healthcare systems in the developing markets of not just replicating what's been done in the developed markets, but looking for ways to expand access and, frankly, also to expand and accelerate their access to some of the new technologies in a cost effective way. So, what we're doing is, first of all making sure that we're trying to work closely with them, and again this is where I think our breadth and depth and our scale is very important as Johnson & Johnson in those and if you look at our share position in a lot of those emerging markets, it remains very strong and competitive. Second, it entails new offerings. And that's why we put R&D centers in many of these locations and we continue to invest in them. We're pleased with the rollout of products such as absorbable suture, linear cutters and staplers, that I would say are of very high quality yet more appropriate for those particular markets, both in terms of their actual construction as well as their pricing model. And some of our other things that we're working on right now, again, to take smart application of technology for those markets where we think there is a big opportunity. The other areas that we're focusing on frankly is training and education. And in many of those areas it's a case of trying to get more physicians trained on things like minimally-invasive surgery, on getting the right treatment paradigms for diabetes and cardiovascular procedures. So, we're working closely, again, in many cases directly with the governments in China and Russia on extensive training programs to help them train their physicians. So, that's why we think that there, again, it's a significant opportunity. Related to our most recent acquisition in China, we're very excited about it. As we stated on a number of occasions, we think our biosurgicals area is one of our most exciting in terms of new science and technologies, they are really going to make a difference for patients as well as represent a significant growth opportunity for our business. And in China we’ve been very limited in what we’ve been able to do so far and with this most recent acquisition it's going to give us a source of a porcine based biologic that we’ll be able to use there and roll out a significantly broader line of products to help patients and again grow our business. So we’re very excited about that.
Alex Gorsky: Sure. What I would say, Matt, it’s going to take a combination and it really starts with innovation but different kinds of innovation. Now in some areas this is going to mean better technology that overall delivers better results for patients. So, some examples I would have of that is what we’re doing with Biosense Webster and the great progress that they've made with so many of their products and the treatment of AFib. And just what you see is a huge difference for patients and for systems. We’re also excited about a higher technology plan, something like the fibrin pad which we think can truly transform the way you treat moderate to severe bleeding intra-operatively and longer-term potentially for a trauma application. So, areas like that, we see technology still being very, very important. But we also think it's going to be important in how we relate with our customers. And what I'm talking about there is innovating with the way that we work with them, that we partner with them, that we truly leverage our overall portfolio in working together. And obviously, it may include new services, new approaches, new partnerships with them in unique ways as they try to not only manage their increased patient volume but also try to manage their costs going forward as well. And we also see an opportunity longer term to take some of these simplified approaches actually that we would develop in developing markets and basically bring them back to developed markets. We are already seeing some signs of that with things that we are doing in the diabetes space and potentially some others. So, we think even in developed markets people are going to be looking for very effective, but lower cost opportunities as well.
Alex Gorsky: No, we haven't seen significant changes. I have got to say we're encouraged by what we are seeing in orthopedics. If we look at overall worldwide joints against Q1, but as we look at the results we saw Q1 results around 3%, hips up about 1.5%, knees up about 3%, spine down slightly, although I think a slight improvement on a quarter-to-quarter basis. So, again we don't have second quarter, I think we're the first large orthopedics company coming out so we're going to have to wait and see with everyone else. That's our current view on it.
Alex Gorsky: Thanks, Bob. And again, I would start by saying how pleased I am with the performance of the team so far through such a significant and large-scale integration. We're really excited by again what we've seen so far. As you know, when you do these kind of things, leadership is so important and critical to keeping consistency through this kind of a process. I think we've been able to do that and obviously [Michelle] and his entire team are looking at ways for how do we accelerate growth going forward. Obviously, likely the biggest short-term challenge is spine, because you're bringing two organizations together. We are really pleased with the overall way we're able to work our way through the antitrust issues. We think we've got very complementary portfolios. And we're working our way through the integration with direct sales as well as some of our distributors sales as we speak. And we're are going to do everything that we can to accelerate it, but we also realize that look, this is a multi-year process and our first focus is with the customer. We want to make sure that our customer doesn’t experience any disruption and in fact sees a net benefit to what we’re doing. So, we’re working hard both with our sales forces as well as with our contracting organizations. Our second major area is our R&D prioritization and making sure that we are prioritizing the portfolios, looking for areas where there may be synergies across the different organizations, particularly in places like ENT or maxillofacial, or even in the areas such as biosurgicals and some of the things that we’re doing here. So we think that there is a real -- biologics, there is a real opportunity. And then third, it’s the area of how can we integrate our backend so to also make it very seamless, very efficient, and very effective. And so, again, we see it as really being prioritized in that order as we roll out over the next couple of years.
Alex Gorsky: Yes. Let me just take a couple of parts of your question. The first thing that I would say is as we look overall at orthopedic trends, again it's difficult because we are the first company out. But if we look at the trends from Q1 combined with our sales results from Q2, I would say that we are slightly encouraged by what we're seeing and we're obviously going to be watching it very closely. We are not seeing the growth that we saw several years ago in what I'd call pre-recession times. And I'm particularly pleased with the performance of the DePuy Reconstruction Group, now the DePuy Synthes Reconstruction Group, through this period. And I think that's been the result of not only just really good execution through this integration process, but also the rollout of new products in both our hip and knee areas. So, I think that was important. If we look at spine, we see some progress quarter-to-quarter. There is still significant pricing pressure on spine and other market dynamics, but again longer-term we see that as being an opportunity. But if I look specifically at our hip business what we saw overall was total price change of about down 4% mix up about 0.5%. So, a hip price mix change of about minus 3.4% for the quarter. And if we look at knees, if you look at product mix up around 2%, up about 1% on knee price and mix change and hip, so the overall for hip and knee we saw a mixed change of about minus 1%.
Alex Gorsky: Look we do expect there to be continued pricing pressure. As Dominic mentioned earlier, you see some of that and particularly in Southern Europe with some of our other tenderings in Europe. We're seeing that in some of the U.S. markets, particularly those might be things like diabetes based upon some of the contracting as well as spine. We're seeing more in other areas. It's been pretty consistent with what we've seen in earlier trends.
Alex Gorsky: Tony, thanks a lot for your question. Let me start with the second half of that first and then I’ll go back to the first part. First of all, we feel very good about our overall relationship with the FDA and it’s one that we take very seriously, that we work on building in an appropriate way with a lot of open dialog and we think it's critically important that the most senior levels of the organization that we demonstrate a commitment and are clearly aligned around our goals and our plans going forward. And so, it absolutely involves people, the most senior level of the organization, including myself. So that’s a real priority for us. And again, we see the FDA as a very important partner not only in this area of our business but really in all areas of our business where ultimately we are attempting to get products to patients or to patients in a timely and well considered manner. I think the other aspect when you talk about learnings as you’re going through it, a couple of thoughts, Tony. First of all, while we agreed to the consent decree about a year ago, the actual submission of the consent decree didn't go until like Q3 of last year. And so, you continue to work with the agency on all the specifics steps as we worked our way through the agreement process and getting aligned, that's one aspect. The second is we are working with an outside party [Quantic], that is working with us, verifying, validating different procedures. So, that's also a learning process as they come onboard ensuring that we're fulfilling all the commitments that we have made along the way. I'd say the third significant learning for us is getting the right balance between our consent decree requirements resources and commitments and then also producing product and getting into the marketplace. Our customers, working with them are clearly interested in getting a consistent and reliable supply. We are very encouraged that when we have got product back on the shelves that we've seen a very solid demand on the part of customers. But that's something as well that we're working, again, very deliberately on and that we will make sure we want to get right having that balance going forward.
Alex Gorsky: Yes. Tony, we have seen some competitive pressure and I know that in one case we decided not to go ahead with the contract on some of our first aid kits, but overall we think we remain fairly competitive.
Alex Gorsky: Sure. Thanks a lot for the question Davis. You're absolutely right. The emerging market growth in our consumer business is a top priority for us. And we've been focused there for a number of years. If you look at, for example, the acquisition that we did with Dabao several years ago, we see a tremendous opportunity. We're seeing very strong performance as of late, particularly in Brazil. China we’ve dealt with a few other issues, but we're very confident in our long-term positioning there and we've also made some changes in our approach in Russia as well. So we do see that as a major growth opportunity. That being said, or over-the-counter business particularly domestically as well as internationally is significant and so we know that that's a major priority for us.
Alex Gorsky: So hey everybody, thank you very much. I hope after the discussions that we’ve had this morning that you have a better understanding of our strategies, priorities and plans to really help more patients and to drive our growth going forward. Please keep in mind that the contributions we make to our shareholders always start from the innovative, ever-increasing contributions our employees make every day to patients and consumers all around the world. I really believe that healthcare is one of the most important and rewarding industries around the globe and we look forward to Johnson & Johnson to helping lead it, shape it for many years to come. Thank you all for joining us today.
Dominic Caruso: Yes, I think that one of the things that bear in mind is, we typically hedge our foreign currency commitments at about 18 months. So, our operations ex-translation, are not significantly impacted by changes in foreign currency, Matt. So, really what you're looking at is sort of a reasonably equal mix of changes in simply translating the top line and the expenses from the local currencies to the U.S. dollars. So, I don’t think there is a pronounced difference between those two factors.
Dominic Caruso: Sure, Larry. Let me just try to give you a general order of magnitude on that. So, the addition of Synthes and I think you have to bear in mind that with the Synthes impact I’m going to give you there’s two other factors to bear in mind. The impact of the divestiture of the trauma business and we've taken into consideration some disruption in the overall business as a result of the integration and planning, etcetera. So, we’ve increased our guidance about 2.5 points or thereabouts for the net of all that related to the Synthes integration and divesture of trauma, etcetera, and we have decreased the guidance about a little more than 1 point, maybe 1.2 points related to the supply disruptions we talked about earlier and having a better estimate now on the resupply of products in the OTC business. So, those two factors up 2.5, down 1.2 or thereabouts hopefully reconcile the change for you.
Dominic Caruso: Sure. Let me take the last question first. On CONCERTA, we have not assumed any change with respect to the current generic competition, so status quo there for this year. And with respect to INCIVO I’ll start by just commenting that we did see as Louise mentioned in her script discussion that in fact we saw some seasonal adjustments in the rate of treatment patterns throughout Europe. And maybe I’ll ask Alex to comment some more as we have been through with the team to understand what’s happening there with INCIVO.
Dominic Caruso: As we said before, it's awfully difficult to predict the pace at which we will ramp up, but we will obviously not be spending on the relaunch of those products until we are confident that the supply situation is stabilized and we can provide a consistent supply to the market. So, I think we are going to monitor that and not get too far ahead of that quite frankly, because we want to ensure that there is first a consistent supply of product and then of course, we will invest significantly behind that once we achieve that. As we said before, we think the return of the products at the market will continue for the balance of 2012 and into 2013.
Dominic Caruso: Yes. Jamie, in Europe, just a couple of comments, I think our overall growth in the pharmaceutical business internationally did grow, of course, second quarter versus first quarter sequentially, but we did see some impacts. I think pricing has in fact been an impact. The tender process has been an impact and in particular what we saw in Southern Europe it's much, much more difficult in the new tenders to get any sort of price increase, in fact they usually come with significant price decreases. So, we have seen that in the low single-digit rates that seems to be just accelerating maybe a little bit but not that pronounced. The real difference in the period is really just the timing of various tenders. I mean one example is, with respect to VELCADE, the timing of the tender in Russia is such that you don't see much of an impact this quarter and they will get that impact as the tender gets approved in the future.  With respect to receivables, I will tell you that either it varies by different countries, so we just look at Southern Europe, our receivables continue to build in countries like Italy and a little bit in Greece, but in other countries such as Spain, our receivables have significantly decreased. We recently received a very significant payment from the Government of Spain. So, what we are doing is working very closely with all the governments with respect to payment terms, etcetera, but overall our second quarter receivables and days sales outstanding at the end of the second quarter are much better in Southern Europe than they were at the end of the first quarter.
Dominic Caruso: Rajeev, I think one of the things that point out about the 100 to 150 basis points expansion is, it’s what we called for at the beginning of the year and despite the inclusion now and the guidance of the Synthes, with the Synthes amortization expense, we still think we’re going to achieve 100 to 150 basis points expansion. So obviously, the underlying business at Synthes is performing in a more efficient manner than even we thought at the beginning of the year. How that continues for the balance of 2012 and into ‘13, I don’t want to project into 2013 too much because obviously we want to make sure that we balance out the appropriate investments we want to make in the business as we go forward. The only thing I’d say that's of any significant consequence in the current year and as we progress throughout the balance of ‘12 and into ‘13 is the remediation costs related to the consumer business are in fact higher than we thought this year, and hopefully as we go through that process, they should then tail off as we move into 2013, but we will see how the progress is and we will update you on that when we do the 2013 guidance.
Dominic Caruso: I mean one of the things that I mentioned, Derrick, about our guidance, which we gave as $0.03 to $0.05 for 2012 and $0.10 to $0.15 accretion in 2013, is that, it’s largely based on growth and not primarily based on expense synergies, right. There are some expense synergies in those numbers but as we announced when we did the acquisition announcement early on, we said our primary focus here was going to be on growth of the businesses together. So on top line synergies and not so much of a focus on expense synergies. There will be some. I think it's important to note that the business is already a very profitable business that we are adding all into the Johnson & Johnson business and in fact, there are pre-tax operating margins. Excluding this impact of amortization, we’re healthier than the overall Johnson & Johnson pre-tax operating margins. So, there will be some, we have included those in the estimates that we gave you for ‘12 and ’13, but I don’t see them as the major driver of the accretion.
Dominic Caruso: Yes. Alex, let me take that on the overall use of cash. I think many of you have heard me discuss this, the answer to this question in the past. So just to reiterate, our primary focus is to generate, sustainable long-term free cash flow generation in the business, which we are very proud of our ability to do that and then we have prioritized and I think we will continue to prioritize our use of cash as first to dividends as a primary return to shareholders. Secondly, an investment in value creating acquisitions that enhance our ability to generate free cash flow in the future, and thirdly, any future returns of shareholders in the form of share buybacks. I don’t think that the impact of the Synthes transaction changes our philosophy there in any significant way. We are also maintaining our AAA credit rating, which gives us enormous flexibility in our ability to fund our operations going forward or any particular investment we want to make.  With respect to the accelerated share repurchase program, you are correct that, that is a factor in providing immediate accretion as opposed to a longer term accretion value and it's basically a result of needing to have the shares necessary to complete the acquisition in a relatively short period of time. After the regulatory approvals were received, we needed to close in a couple days obviously and rather than issue shares and buy them back over extended period of times, we elected to do what many companies have done before us to do an accelerated share repurchase program and obviously we had the financial strength to able to do that. So, we are very pleased with that.
Dominic Caruso: You know I don't think it's really appropriate for us at this point to speculate on it. Louise went through in pretty good detail. Our thoughts about bapineuzumab, in her comments and about where we are. So really until we get a look at the data it’s difficult for us to speculate on it going forward. Obviously Alzheimer's is an area that we remain very excited about when you just consider the sheer unmet need and the opportunity for patients as well as for our business that it represents.
Dominic Caruso: Yeah, I won’t be able to give you an exact number in that regard. But we did consider that in providing the guidance for both this year and the estimates we gave you in advance for next year. So, we do think there’ll be some disruption as we convert and combine those two businesses together. But I won’t be able to give you specifics, Bob, on that.
Dominic Caruso: Yeah. Well, just to clarify, so we did update our guidance, now that we -- on sales, that we have a full half-year already in and we have a pretty good idea what it's going to take to comply with the consent decree for the balance of the year. So we took that into consideration in the sales guidance that I gave you. And we still think that the products will still be rolling out in 2012 and through 2013 as we said before. Just to clarify that, we did not change our earnings guidance with respect to OTC at all. Right. We maintained our earnings guidance with respect to the base business despite some changes in sales and increased our earnings guidance as a result of the accretion related to Synthes. So, the impact of OTC is something we're just going to have to manage and we are managing in the business.
Dominic Caruso: Now I think that it's primarily OTC for the change in guidance and to a lesser extent the impact of energy, and as we mentioned earlier the supply constraints in the endovascular business. But I'd say of that total, it's primarily the OTC change when I compare the current guidance to the previous guidance.
