Dominic Caruso: You’re right; it’s about $0.05 lower due to currency so that $0.05 benefit sort of disappears due to current rates. Then of course healthcare reform I said was estimated at $0.10. The underlying business is doing well. We said that if you exclude the impact of the generic competition in the first quarter and you also exclude the impact of the OTC recall which obviously took a toll on us in the first quarter, the underlying business growth is about 5% and we saw some very good growth in the medical device and diagnostic business at about 8% operational. I would characterize this as confidence in our top line returning to growth and still delivering some pre-tax operating margin improvement as we indicated we would be throughout the year.
Dominic Caruso: Yes, I would characterize it as in some areas of the business we’re seeing stabilization and some recovery. The consumer businesses have always been as you know impacted by this kind of economic downturn but we still have innovations in the consumer business as we just discussed with Cytomimic technology, etc. which consumers seem to favor and you do very well with those. Also, you’re right, life scan and vision care I have seen a rebound in the overall market for those products and our business seems to be recovering there. In our medical device business I think a good sign of some recovery in healthcare spending is in our suture business where that’s a good barometer of what’s going on in the market and we see the growth there increasing over where it was the prior year as our procedures in hips and knees and other procedures including aesthetic medicine which we saw rebound nicely as well.
Dominic Caruso: It’s a good observation, you’re absolutely right, in 2010 it’s essentially all Medicaid and the mix of our business is essentially higher than the pharmaceutical industry norm in terms of Medicaid type products. In 2011 that is when the Medicare provisions kick in, particularly the donut hole. It looks to us like our mix of the business would not be as impacted as the overall pharmaceutical industry with respect to that part of our business largely because we have Medicare Part B products, we have more acute products than chronic, those kinds of things. Therefore, the overall industry impact in 2011 is expected to be about 6% of the industry net trade sales and we expect that our overall impact will be very similar to that.
Dominic Caruso: I think it’s too early to comment on that, although obviously it’ll have the significant impact on the bottom line. We’ll have to wait and see how the rest of the business performs and comment on that later. Obviously it will have an impact on our bottom line for sure.
Dominic Caruso: No, we’re not taking any additional actions; the restructuring program is proceeding as planned. You may remember that the restructuring program will be fully implemented in 2011 so the impact that we discussed of about $1.4 to $1.7 billion in cost will hit in 2011, the estimate for 2010 is in the $800 to $900 million level, we’re still moving along that path. Our estimates are consistent with our previous estimates there. And of course the after tax impact of something like $800 million is more in the sort of $0.20 plus a share impact so you see that in 2010 the impact is greater in 2011 the cost benefit is better in 2011 as the full program gets implemented.
Dominic Caruso: As I mentioned earlier, we did see some rebound in procedures in the first quarter. Our businesses are performing well in the medical device segment and the overall market growth seems to be stabilizing in some cases and turning in others. Of course we continue to gain share in certain parts of the business so we’re very pleased with the strength of the underlying business overall and our medical device business in particular.
Dominic Caruso: Your assumption is correct. Our estimate is that it’s about $115 billion over 10 years and we think the 2011 impact of $11 billion is about 6% of the branded net trade sales in the industry. As of now all the items except for one, which is the fee, are clearly reductions to net trade sales. It’s not clear whether the fee will be reflected that way or not but for purposes of the estimates I gave you earlier we’re including all of those impacts as a reduction to sales.
Dominic Caruso: I think that the real expansion to the industry won’t take affect until the uninsured patients entered a marketplace, which as you know is not until 2014. We don’t expect a positive impact until then and it would be very difficult right now to estimate what that would be.
Dominic Caruso: It’s hard to estimate that. I think this’ll be the biggest challenge that pharmaceutical companies have in terms of estimating this because of utilization and when you hit the donut hole throughout the year, etc. Suffice it to say that for our business because we have a large portion of our drugs are in Medicare Part B instead of D and also they’re more acute instead of chronic we don’t see a huge impact to our business and I think lower than the industry impact with respect to the donut hole fill for 2011 and going forward.
Dominic Caruso: Let me give you some thoughts then I’ll ask Louise to comment as well. I think it’s too early for us to predict the outcome of where the FDA will come out on this as you clearly described it there were mixed views, one way versus another. We feel pretty strongly about the view here in terms of the partial area under the curve and as you know we fought a citizen’s petition back in 2004 to describe that. We feel pretty strongly that that is an important consideration in evaluating new entrants into the marketplace. We really can’t speculate on what the FDA might conclude.
Dominic Caruso: We’re currently, as Louise pointed out, we’ve resumed obviously production levels and shipment levels are now approaching at this point in this quarter approaching the normal levels of shipment. I think we will see some impact in the second quarter obviously because we’ve just recently gotten back to those levels but then of course throughout the quarter we’ll approach normal levels. Importantly this OTC recall has not really impacted either physician recommendations or consumer preferences. Our ratings on these types of things we consistently monitor remain as high as they’ve always been so we’re very pleased with that.
Dominic Caruso: No update on the patent lawsuit with Umera and also as we said before the arbitration panel is scheduled to review the case in September and that’s still the case.
Dominic Caruso: Let me have Louise give you some facts. We haven’t seen any impact on growth from the recent metal on metal impact. We believe that the revision rates here are similar to other forms of prosthesis. We think physicians are very well aware of these various rates. In terms of the overall market dynamics, I think it’s safe to say that although procedures are rebounding we still see the modest to negative one percentage point in price that we saw in 2009 so that’s continuing.
Dominic Caruso: The best way to quantify the impact in the first quarter the overall consumer business was down 3.7% operationally, without that the consumer business would have been about flat for the first quarter, that gives you sort of an overall impact. You could see that the OTC business in the first quarter in the US was down 25% from the prior year. There are the two best indicators to assess the overall impact. As I mentioned earlier we are now resuming production levels and shipments are now resuming to more normal levels so I think there will be some improvement obviously in the second quarter but we still will see some impact from not being on the market in the early part of the second quarter. We’ll have to wait and see how that plays out during the second quarter.
Dominic Caruso: I think we’ll have to wait and see how that plays out because as you know the donut hole approaches or increases throughout 2011 so whether or not the inventories at the end of 2010 would be impacted is not really likely quite frankly.
Dominic Caruso: I would say that it’s mostly revenue strength because look at our MD&D business, very, very strong operational growth and our pharma business of course you saw that it had negative nearly 6% ops growth in the quarter and Louise mentioned that it’s about 11% due to generic competition. The underlying strength of the pharmaceutical business is in the 5% range as well.  Of course we are able to have a really good quarter I thought in terms of top line irrespective of the fact that we had this significant impact of the consumer OTC recall. Of course that clouds the picture in the first quarter so the underlying strength of the business on the top line does in fact seem pretty strong to us and we’re confident about it for the remainder of the year. As always, we’re going to continue to improve operating margins but not as much maybe as you saw in the past. I don’t think that this strength that you saw here has been dramatically impacted by operating expense improvements so much as it has with stronger performance across the top line.
Dominic Caruso: Let me ask Louise for the detail. I do think this is real price competition in spine, that’s what our folks in our DePuy spine business tell us. Whether it has to do with bigger or smaller players I don’t have that information available.
Dominic Caruso: No, not at that level of granularity. I think the point I made earlier about the consumer business would have been flat without it, gives you a pretty good sense.
Dominic Caruso: Yes, I think that’s a good way to look at it. Although as you take out the impact of healthcare reform and you do the math you could get to $4.70 to $4.80 of course. We decided that the overall business was strong enough to support $4.80 to $4.90. As I mentioned earlier, I think at this early stage in the year and given the fact that these estimates on healthcare reform are also early we would be comfortable with your models at the lower end of that range for now.
Dominic Caruso: Remember we acquired Mentor midway through the first quarter last year so we obviously have a full quarter for Mentor as well and we did see a nice rebound in the aesthetic medicine market and Mentor performed very nicely for us in the first quarter.
Dominic Caruso: I don’t think it’s a question, we wouldn’t position the products differently based on their profitability. It’s absolutely the physician’s decision here. I think if a patient is controlled on Risperdal Consta then we would not want to encourage a switch because that is very, very important that these patients are controlled with the medication. In the case where a patient may need to be better controlled or the physician believes that the monthly administration may be more suitable for that patient that of course we would encourage that and the physician tends to switch the patient in that regard. We would not market the product or describe utilization based on its profitability.
Dominic Caruso: I would think that both of these are separate issues, I don’t think there’s any common issue here. The fibrin pad is very complex filing; we want to take sure we get it right, of course. We’re just making sure that the product filing goes in as best as we can get it and if we take a little bit more time to do that that’s fine, that’s prudent and our way of thinking on how to approach these kinds of complex filings. With Sedasys, as Louise mentioned earlier, we’re disappointed with the FDAs view on this. We don’t think that the clinical trial data that we presented or the advisor committed recommendation is consistent with the FDAs ultimate conclusion here. As Louise pointed out, we filed an appeal and we look forward to discussing that with an independent panel that the commissioner’s office would establish.
Dominic Caruso: With respect to the Medicaid, one thing to point out is that the provisions are two fold in Medicaid, there’s the fee for service rebate increase that goes from 15% to 23% but there’s also the fact that managed Medicaid or Medicaid lives that are contracted by states to a managed care organization now also get the Medicaid statutory rebate where previously they might not have based on the managed care contract. There’s a number of products that are included in that; you’re absolutely right we mentioned Concerta but yes Risperdal, Levaquin is included, Invega is included, Concerta or women’s health products, hopefully that gives you a good idea of the types of products that are included in this Medicaid impact.
Dominic Caruso: We are seeing good growth outside the US. Just to give you an idea, the BRIC markets, Brazil, Russia, India, and China, in the first quarter those are businesses and those market grew about 12% and in the first quarter of 2009 those same businesses grew about 7%. We obviously see some reacceleration of growth in the OUS markets in particular the BRIC markets.  The big change over last year is that our business in Russia and the market overall in Russia has rebounded. Last year Russia had a significant downturn in spending and healthcare spending and this year it looks like that’s coming back. A good way to describe OUS growth is to think about BRIC at 12% range this quarter versus 7% range in the prior year first quarter. Hopefully that helps.
Dominic Caruso: No, I don’t think there’s anything noteworthy to point out this quarter versus last year’s first quarter in terms of pricing or mix.
Dominic Caruso: It is much more than the 8% increase from 15% to 23% there’s the managed care Medicaid piece that we discussed earlier, that is the most significant component of the impact for 2010. Hopefully that gives you an idea, that piece by the way it only took effect in the latter part of March it was effective March 23rd this particular managed care piece of Medicaid. Obviously for the year that has a much bigger component than the impact it had in the first quarter, you couldn’t just multiply the first quarter by four.
Dominic Caruso: Yes, we did see some issues or concerns raised about the healthcare budgets and its not new news but it did accelerate a little bit in connection with healthcare reform in the US. I think it’s too early to tell but for example we saw Germany in particular make some more noise about potential impacts to healthcare budgets as well as UK and others. Too early to tell with the impact is and we have not yet reflected any of that in our estimates for 2010.
Dominic Caruso: It’s a little too early to talk about how much of that we could or want to pass on so I’m not going to comment on that. Just to give you a sense the 2.3% excise tax our estimates are that that’s roughly about $4 billion for the medical device industry and our share of that is somewhere in the 6% to 7% range so that gives you an idea of the impact it could have on us once 2013 rolls around.
Dominic Caruso: We’ll have to see how we can estimate that going forward. We don’t see any expanded coverage until 2014 of course. It’s too early to tell, we haven’t yet factored in all the estimates there and obviously as we know more and we get closer to that time we’ll give you a better indication.
Dominic Caruso: We’re not assuming a significant rebound in the economy. We see it stabilizing, we see a modest return to economic conditions back to normal but not at all any ‘V’ shaped or accelerated recovery so that’s not in our thinking. Thanks very much for your questions this morning and thanks Louise. In closing, we’re very pleased with the solid results for the first quarter and we continue to see tremendous opportunities to grow our business and make important contributions to the health and well being of patients and customers around the world. I’m confident in our outlook for growth and our ability to manage our business prudently thanks to the dedication, focus, and integrity of the people of Johnson & Johnson. I look forward to updating you on our progress throughout the year and seeing you at our meeting in June where we will provide an update on our medical device and diagnostic business. Thanks for your time this morning and have a wonderful day.
Louise Mehrotra: For TMC278 potentially in July but it’s not fixed at this point. Abiraterone nothing significant this year.
Louise Mehrotra: In 2009 our Medicaid sales were about $1.2 billion and our Medicare sales would have been about $2.4 billion, slightly more in the Part B versus the Part D. That’s on net sales.
Louise Mehrotra: We also saw very strong suture growth in Ethicon as well as bio-surgicals and meshes. ASP was very strong double digit growth in both the US and OUS.
Louise Mehrotra: They’re complementary product, differing dosing regimes on them. Also Risperdal Consta in the US has a broader label so we need to take that into account as well.
Louise Mehrotra: There’s an impact of Medicaid on pretty much all of the products but the most predominant are of course the Concerta that we called out for you.
Louise Mehrotra: Its mid single digits, I don’t want to get too specific on it. There is a little bit of positive mix on it but it’s not offsetting the mid single digit decline.
