Joaquin Duato: Thank you, Joe, and hello, everyone. With a strong second quarter, I'm excited about the rest of 2024. Our Innovative Medicine business is on track for a 13th consecutive year of above-market growth. Our success is driven by a portfolio of innovative best and first-in-class medicines, many of which have the potential to change the practice of medicine. Across the board, oncology, immunology, neuroscience, we are reinventing treatment paradigms and transforming lives. As Joe mentioned, we have made significant progress across our pipeline. In particular, I would like to highlight two major milestones on the horizon that will help drive sustained growth through 2025 and beyond. First, the approval and launch of RYBREVANT plus Lazertinib for first-line treatment of EGFR-positive non-small cell lung cancer. And second, the approval and launch of TREMFYA in Inflammatory Bowel Disease or IBD, which follows the recent presentation of data that demonstrated superiority versus STELARA. This represents a meaningful opportunity for TREMFYA as approximately 75% of STELARA sales today come from IBD. We also have regulatory and data milestones for many of the assets that we expect to generate more than $5 billion in peak year sales. As the pipeline and portfolio progress, so too does our confidence in our near and long-term growth trajectory. We are confident in our ability to grow through the upcoming STELARA biosimilar entry and see accelerating momentum through the back half of the decade. In MedTech, year-to-date adjusted operational sales growth of 5.2% reflects continued progress with the portfolio as we move into higher growth markets. As you heard from Joe, we expect MedTech growth to accelerate in the second-half of the year. Growth will accelerate through continued expansion of new products, including ACUVUE OASYS Max 1-Day Contact Lenses, TECNIS Odyssey in the U.S., and VARIPULSE in Europe and Japan. Our confidence in the business outlook remains unchanged. With meaningful outcomes from the danger shock trial in Abiomed and the second quarter close of the shockwave acquisition, we look forward to continue the expansion into high-growth MedTech markets. As you know, Johnson & Johnson is laser-focused on advancing the next wave of medical innovation. We are building on a strong foundation to unlock accelerated growth with a healthy balance sheet and industry-leading investments in the best science and innovation. This enables us to move into the second-half of 2024 from a position of strength. With that, let's open the line for questions.
Joaquin Duato: Thank you, Danielle, it's Joaquin. So we were one of the first companies that started to operate in China, and we've been in China for decades. So we have a history of having constructive engagements with China, and we are looking forward for that to continue. Now we recognize the situation and we have robust business continuity planning practices in place, and we are able to mitigate any potential exposure. But we continue to see China as an important growth driver, both for our Innovative Medicine business and also for our MedTech business. Specifically, you had some questions that Tim can address on MedTech and how we see our MedTech business in China moving forward.
Joaquin Duato: Thank you, everyone, for joining the call today. I'm proud of the progress we made through the first-half of the year. And I'm also energized as we look towards the remainder of 2024 and heading to 2025. As the only company dedicated to both medical technology and pharmaceuticals, we are uniquely positioned to lead the next wave of health care innovation. We are entering the second-half of the year from a position of strength, advancing our diverse portfolio and pipeline to continue bringing innovation into the patients we serve. Thank you.
Jennifer Taubert: Hi, Chris, it's Jennifer and thanks so much for the question. Real quick before I get into that one, I just wanted to give a quick shout-out to all my internal Innovative Medicine colleagues around the world for a terrific quarter. Our first $14 billion-plus quarter that we hit in over 10 products with double-digit growth. So, really, really a tremendous quarter and looking-forward to a great half of the year as well. So, we are very excited about RYBREVANT plus Lazertinib and the data that we're seeing and really believe that it's going to have a significant place in frontline non-small cell lung cancer. As we've discussed before, there is a significant unmet need in frontline non-small cell lung cancer with about a quarter of patients never even making it to second-line therapy. So, a lot of patients that are there with high unmet medical need. When we take a look at the data that we've been able to generate in terms of PFS and when you add to that, the new data that we brought forward on our subcu dosing, we think together, we're going to have a really winning combination for patients in that frontline setting. So, high unmet need, really spectacular results that we're seeing and the subcu dosing we think is going to be a great combination.
Jennifer Taubert: Thanks so much for the question. I'll answer the second part first. We do have very good confidence that DARZALEX FASPRO is treated separately than DARZALEX IV. And so yes, we continue forward with that perspective on that. In terms of IRA and kind of what's been going on, if we take a look at Part D redesign, while we're not externally quantifying the impact at this time, what we can say is that we do anticipate a net unfavorable impact in 2025. However, as outlined at our enterprise business review last November, we do anticipate, as a business, growing 3% plus next year and then 5% to 7% out through 2030. And these numbers are actually already included in that guidance that we provided. Same thing as it pertains to the government price setting process, we are still in that. We have received the final numbers from the government, we're not disclosing that at this time. That will be disclosed in the September time frame. And while we are not in alignment with IRA and the price setting process, those numbers have been included in the guidance that we provided last year at EBR, that still looks very good to us today. It's very consistent today.
Jennifer Taubert: And we had 21% growth. $2.9 billion in sales and 21% growth. So yes, DARZALEX is our single largest asset now for the corporation.
Jennifer Taubert: Thanks for the question on that. We're still in the process of working with all payers for the planned formularies and everything for 2025 and 2026. I think what's really most important is to go back to the guidance we provided at the EBR last year in November. And as we take a look at the corporation, we have factored in and anticipated what we think will happen. And as an organization, we feel very confident in the guidance of 3% plus growth in 2025, and really, importantly, that accelerating growth out through the end of the decade, the 5% to 7% growth.
Tim Schmid: Larry, thank you for the question. Let me be very clear, we remain absolutely committed to delivering solid growth in the full-year for 2024. And Larry, when you actually look at ‘24 Q2, it was a tougher quarter for us. And we knew this, given the fact that at this time last year around the second quarter, we saw the opening up of the China market, which as you know is an important market for us and that was expected. That was actually by the way, last year our fastest-growing quarter. Now in all transparency, as you heard initially in the comments earlier, there have been two businesses that have or two areas of our business that have performed below expectations. Number one is Vision and secondly, our performance in China, which right now is a very volatile market. Now in Vision, we initially announced in the first quarter some challenges with distributor stocking dynamics here in the U.S., some competitive pressures, as well as some macroeconomic challenges in Japan. What gives me confidence in the turnaround of that business is that we actually saw sequential improvement through the second quarter. Some of those stocking dynamic dynamics I mentioned bled into April, but month-on-month, we saw strong rebound of that business, in fact, to the end of the quarter back to historical levels. And so as we look to the back half of the year, while it's been a slower start there, we're very confident that we're going to be able to bring that business back to historical norms, driven primarily by innovation. Our ACUVUE OASYS 1-Day MAX portfolio and that global launch as well as the addition of our premium IOLs with TECNIS PureSee in Asia-Pac and EMEA as well as Odyssey here in the U.S., and so we believe we've got that under control. When I look to the back half onto answer your question more directly, the reason we are confident is firstly, not only the return to more normalized growth within Vision, but in surgery, by the way, that -- all that business also was impacted by a slower start, especially in China. We see that starting to normalize. And also remember in our surgery business, the results were impacted by the divestiture of a Acclarent last year. And so normalized growth -- our adjusted operational growth was actually closer to flat. We see that continuing to grow at low-single-digit through the back half of the year. We're proud of the solid results in ortho and see that continuing to be driven by strong results within hip 6%, in knees, almost 10%, driven by tremendous innovation, especially in VELYS. And then more broadly, I'll end with our real confidence in the growth of our cardiovascular portfolio. And remember, Larry, that we've got an EP business that's $5 billion today, grew 21% last year, 19% for the first-half of the year. In fact, in the second quarter, in the face of competition, here in the U.S. we grew that business 16%. And so we're very confident in our ability to grow that leadership position. And then finally, the addition of Abiomed still continuing to grow ahead of our deal expectations, 15.4%. I think that's going to be bolstered by the landmark results, the first time in 25 years, where we have the DanGer Shock study showing survivability benefits of Impella, which will continue to open new markets for that portfolio. And then finally, I'll end with how delighted we are to inch very, very short order, welcome Shockwave to Johnson & Johnson. We closed that transaction in record timing and are really excited by the fact that we will shortly announce that they will be the 13th business with sales in excess of $1 billion annually. And so for all those reasons, Larry, while a tougher second year -- second quarter primarily due to comps, we remain very confident in a solid 2024.
Tim Schmid: Of course, Rick and thank you for the question. And Rick, I'd start with firstly, recognizing that we believe that PFA is really good for electrophysiology and really good for patients. It is a tailwind for the entire market. And as I mentioned earlier, that's a $5 billion market for us today, growing 19% year-to-date. And let me be clear, we clearly see some competition, especially here in the U.S., especially between now and the time that we bring our PFA technology to market, we're confident. While we don't control the timing, we expect to have that by the end of the year or early next year. As you know, we already have and are commercializing our PFA technology in EMEA and in Japan, and we are very fortunate to actually benefit from a very global EP business. What gives us confidence in the future, Larry, is that we believe that while PFA has a role to play in the portfolio, so does RF. From everything we're hearing from EPs around the world, what they like about PFA is the relative safety of the technology, but they also like about RF, which by the way, we have 20-years of leadership in safety and clinical efficacy, is the durability of that product. In fact, even today, Rick, here in the U.S., for every five procedures where PFA is used, RF is used in conjunction. And so we believe that leisure position that we built over the last 20-years will continue, both in RF and then obviously, we're excited by the launch of our PFA technology. You'll know that at the HRS conference in May, we announced the results of our admIRE study, which showed the 86% relative effectiveness -- primary effectiveness of our PFA technology. And we are going to continue to employ the same strategy we did in RF, which is building out a broad portfolio of PFA offerings, both in dual energy, focal, large focal and single shot. Did you know that today, the number one used catheter on the market is our SPF catheter within RF. And we are -- and you'll know that in the second -- first quarter of this year, we announced a application for a CE mark for our dual energy catheter. This will be one catheter used, both for RF and PFA technology. And so we've got a lot of reasons to believe. And I think to touch on your point on CARTO, one of the benefit of our portfolios, not just our energy source and catheters, it really is the installed base of 5,500 CARTO systems around the world. We just version 8 of that software. It is best-in-class in the market. And that's also complemented by highly trained clinical specialists in every cath lab around the world who are supporting EPs each and every day. And so once again, PFA is a good thing for the marketplace, it's a tailwind and we expect to continue to benefit on that. Thank you.
Tim Schmid: Sure. And Danielle, we are fortunate to have a global business with more than 50% of our revenue already out of the U.S. And I think that gives us the flexibility to really manage a number of challenges that occur on a quarterly and yearly basis across the world. To Joaquin's point, we've been in China for 37-years. One of the reasons why we've been successful is our ongoing commitment in navigating multiple headwinds and opportunities. And when we look at our performance in China, remember, we had the end of COVID when we came out of lockdown, and so that has impacted the results in the second quarter. But when you look at on the ground, what's really happening is there's two factors. Firstly, you look at the impact of VBP, which is a government-driven cost containment effort. And given our leadership position in China, we are seeing that as a short-term tailwind. We do believe the volume opportunity will far offset over time the impact we're seeing on price, but that certainly is a short-term pain that we are enduring. That has also been exacerbated by the anticorruption campaign. You may know that in July of last year, the government initiated an anticorruption campaign, which actually has had an impact on both procedural volumes and engagement from health care professionals. Now I must reiterate that we see this as a really good thing. We believe that any effort on behalf of any government to really build integrity and compliance into the health system is a good thing for more fair competition and aligns with our credo and our commitment to compliance across all of the markets in which we participate in. So it's a short-term headwind, but long-term, really good for our industry and really good for J&J. We remain absolutely committed to China. And we will continue, as we always have, to navigate some of the challenges we have on the ground with pricing and geopolitical challenges, and we remain committed to the 1.4 billion patients who rely on us each and every day. Thank you.
Tim Schmid: You too, Joanne, thank you. We are so proud of, , frankly the resurgence of orthopedics, and I couldn't be more grateful for the incredible effort across the world to really return as to high solid growth across the two platforms that you referenced. Specifically within hips, and I mentioned this in the first quarter, for the first time ever, we were able to declare market leadership position in hips here in the U.S. And to be direct in answering your question, it is all innovation based. It's not only continuing to drive our best-in-class implants, but it's also how we've surrounded those with enabling like our VELYS Hip Navigation and Kenzie. That 6% growth you saw in the second quarter is really indicative our innovation working for patients. On knees, another shout out to the team, almost 10% growth. We haven't seen that historically and once again driven by innovation. In a short roughly 2.5-year period, we have launched our VELYS system for knees into more than 20 markets. We have more than 70,000 procedures, and that is driver of our performance. And what gives us confidence is that we're continuing to build indications. You may know in the second quarter, we received 510(k) approval for our VELYS Uniknee. And we also are looking to build out that portfolio. And in short order, you will see news about our commitment to really bringing robotics to other parts of the orthopedic portfolio, especially in spine. And so once again, it's all innovation driven, and we expect it to continue. Thank you.
Joe Wolk: Sure, Josh. And I think my answer to your sort of volume question will be very brief and consistent with what we've shared before. For the most part, across the portfolio, we've seen volumes normalize. We did mention that we expected to see some of the -- some tailwinds from the backlog within Orthopedics in the first-half of the year. And we've seen that, but we expect that to normalize in the back half. We remain consistent in our belief in the 5% to 7% growth for our end markets and that we will perform well within that. As it relates to pricing, inflation has not been a friend to our industry, and we have put a lot of effort into really ensuring that we can secure preferential pricing across the world. I do think we benefit from the global nature of our business. While there are pockets cost containment efforts that we're managing, like VBP in China, we see tremendous opportunity to really secure a premium pricing, especially where we have differentiated innovation. And especially now that we're entering or are entering is like cardiovascular of significant unmet need, there is tremendous opportunities for us to ensure that we secure premium pricing for truly differentiated innovations, especially in areas like electrophysiology, in heart recovery with Abiomed, and more recently with Shockwave. Thank you.
Joe Wolk: Dave, I'd also remind you too that over the last six years, and certainly a compliment to John, Jennifer and the team, that innovation really underscores the success that we've had with quarter in, quarter out performance in our Innovative Medicines business. Discounts and rebates six years ago, as compared to list price was only about 25% of that list price. Today, that number -- and this is not just the J&J number, but an industry number, gravitates towards 60%. So what we want to make sure that happens is this great innovation gets to patients and makes a difference in their lives and get them -- they have access through the discounting that we already provide.
Joe Wolk: Thank you. It's a good question and the only area across the vast businesses that we have, where we have seen a destocking is really in our contact lens business. And you'll recall in the first quarter, we mentioned that on the back of some historical supply chain challenges, the distributor inventory was reduced here in the U.S., and we've now seen that bleed into the second quarter as mentioned earlier. And so that is the only area of significant stocking that has had a short-term impact on our business. As I mentioned earlier, what gives us confidence is that as we look through the full second quarter, we saw sequential improvement across that portfolio. Remember that we actually serve the needs of 40 million patients. We have, by far and away, a market leadership position here in the U.S. and globally with contact lenses. And so we see this as a blip and by no means a longer impact on our ability to continue to be leaders in contact lens. Thank you.
