Dominic Caruso: Right. Well, you're exactly right. When you take out the impact of the McNeil Consumer Healthcare issues, the business was flat to slightly down, our Consumer business. I think a couple of factors. We did have some divestitures, which you noted. We've also seen the pressure in Venezuela from the devaluation of the Venezuelan currency that many of you have been following. That, obviously, had also an impact on growth year-over-year, and the economic recovery with respect to the consumer seems to be tracking slowly, and I think they are the three main factors that we see.
Dominic Caruso: Generally speaking, I would say share that private label had been able to obtain during the economic downturn is probably sticking a little longer than it has in previous economic downturns.
Dominic Caruso: Good morning.Frederick Wise – Leerink Swann LLC: Let me start with some of the FDA issues. At this point, you received three warning letters. Obviously, this is still a situation influx, but can you help with handicap the risk of a corporate warning letter and maybe more broadly, the implementation, potentially significant cost of a larger maybe corporate quality system that maybe is not in place like we've seen in other companies.
Dominic Caruso: Right, well, let me just clarify, Rick. With respect to the McNeil matter that I think you're referring to, there's only one warning letter, and that's at the Las Piedras, Puerto Rico facility. The other facilities have received 483s, which are basically comments and observations that are issued by the FDA in connection with any inspection. So just to be clear, there are not three warning letters. There's only one.Frederick Wise – Leerink Swann LLC: You're correct. Sorry, about that.
Dominic Caruso: Right, Rick. That's a great question. So, let me just be clear on the EU pricing pressure that we're seeing. They're much more significant in the Pharmaceutical business than they are in the Medical Device business. If you've been – I'm sure you've been following the various governmental austerity programs that include price reduction; those price reductions are specifically directed towards Pharmaceutical products where those governments have much more of an active role in pricing in those types of products. With respect to the Medical Device business, that business is characterized quite differently than the Pharmaceutical business. It's characterized by largely a DRG system and largely a tender system. So, we have not yet seen much of an impact at all on pricing and medical devices. We do expect that it may begin to show up later in the year or into next year. But of the estimates that I gave you earlier of approximately $200 million from increased acceleration of pricing pressures in Europe, that is largely in the Pharmaceutical business, not in the Medical Device space.Frederick Wise – Leerink Swann LLC: OK. Thanks very much.
Dominic Caruso: We did see some impact in the quarter, Mike. But I wouldn't say – it was not significant.Michael Weinstein – JP Morgan Chase & Co.: OK. Great. Thank you, Dominic.
Dominic Caruso: It is the same. I thought I'd mentioned that earlier. But it is the same. I didn't want to give you the impression that it's accelerating. It's about the same type of pricing pressure that we saw in the previous quarter.Bob Hopkins – Bank of America: Okay, and then, but as it relates to the $200 million, can you give us any more color in terms of what kind of pricing pressure are you specifically referring to in terms of, you know, percentage terms, any specific countries or drugs that you like to call out, just I am sure people would appreciate any more detail that you are going to give.
Dominic Caruso: You know, primarily on announced austerity measures from the various countries that you've been following Greece, Spain etc. So, we tried to estimate what may happen, but we are really taking as a cue of the major countries that have announced austerity measures to date.Bob Hopkins – Bank of America: Okay, thank you very much.
Dominic Caruso: Sure Jami. It's like I said. I think the pricing pressure looks like it's in mid-single digits and our estimate this year is reflective only of the latter half of this year. So, we would expect it to accelerate in 2011 to a number that's in the mid-single digit range.
Dominic Caruso: Right, well, let me just take the first question first. Lancaster, there was in fact an inspection of the Lancaster facility. This is a facility where we and Merck have a joint venture. These are products such as Pepcid and Mylanta and products that were previously prescription drugs for Merck and now we have a joint venture with Merck where we sell the products in this joint venture. The sales are not very significant. We don't break them out. And the observations were in fact very specific to that manufacturing facility. We obviously take these along with our partner at Merck, we joint venture folks take this very, very seriously. And we'll be fully committed to addressing the FDA's concern as quickly as possible. And since we got a chance to get to respond to FDA's 483 observations, it will be premature for me to comment any further on those particular observations. With respect to the $600 million this year, that's our estimate of the fact that the Fort Washington, Pennsylvania McNeil plant, the production is temporarily suspended and the impact for not being able to produce the products alternatively yet until near the end of this year. That impact in our sales from that temporary shutdown is estimated to be a negative $600 million. We have said that we have alternative sources of supply available for those products. It must take time to bring those alternative sources of supply up and running for the stability tests and other factor that must be taken into consideration. These are part of the Johnson & Johnson normal production network that we have and we do expect that it won't be before the end of the year, but certainly in 2011, we will have the alternative sources of supply ready, in the early part of 2011 ramping up throughout the year. I can't give you an estimate of what that impact would be in 2011, however.
Dominic Caruso: Okay. Good morning Larry. Well, let me try to help you with that. Obviously the impact of generics now is raining, right? Because these products have begun the anniversary. Let me give you an impact. The impact of generics on our pharma business in the second quarter is about seven-tenth of a percent of growth. And the impact of healthcare reform, the full quarterly impact that I have mentioned earlier, is about 1.7. So, on a basis of excluding generics and even excluding some of the impact of healthcare reform, that 1% growth that you saw in the pharma business would be an underlying, approximately 3.5% growth.
Dominic Caruso: Right, well with respect to any potential collateral damage, it's too early for us to comment on that. Obviously, our businesses have been very good over the years of innovating and assuring consumers get the kind of products that they expect and at a quality they expect. And I would like to point out that these various recalls are precautionary. In our judgment, there is no serious adverse medical reaction where it's deemed to be remote by both us and the FDA, but we did take a conservative approach and recall the products that might be impacted to ensure consumer safety as a primary concern, as a priority for the company. With respect to anything broader than that, it's really premature to comment. We have to first and foremost remediate the Fort Washington facility. And as I had mentioned, we have submitted our plan for the FDA. So, we are entirely focused on that and we will get that back at an acceptable level of production, probably mid-way through 2011. But in the meantime, we do have these alternative sources of supply within the Johnson & Johnson network and we are confident that we'll have those available probably not by the end of this year because of the stability testing that needs to be done. But certainly in 2011, we will have alternative sources of supply of these very products that are not on the market today.
Dominic Caruso: Larry, great question; yes, BRIC, we are seeing significant growth acceleration in the BRIC markets. Our growth in the BRIC markets this year on an operational – this quarter I should say – on an operational basis was about 16% and just as a point of reference it was 6% in the second quarter of 2009 and you're right, Larry, it was about 12% in the first quarter.
Dominic Caruso: Well, I think Louise had mentioned that she saw some impact in the quarter from metal on metal, maybe Louise, you can comment a little bit on that, clear that up for Matt.
Dominic Caruso: Sure Matt; I do think that, as I mentioned earlier, it's good to look at these businesses over longer periods and not just an individual quarter and again on a six months basis, these businesses are about 6% consistently in the US and outside of the US about 6% growth, which we expect to be the growth rate in these markets. There was some impact on number of billing days in the first quarter because of the way the holidays spell. So the first quarter growth rates were probably a little bit inflated slightly from those extra billing days when you compare them to the same period in the first quarter of 2009. I would say that's the one – only the one thing I would call out in terms of your specific question on any difference in the number of days or billing days, or was that factor but it was first quarter of 2010 versus first quarter of 2009.
Dominic Caruso: Alright. Well, we do see pricing in the medical device space and orthopedics in particular, as I mentioned earlier, is still under pressure. Mix has largely offset that in the past and maybe Louise, you could comment on what we saw in the second quarter with that dynamic.
Dominic Caruso: Sure Bruce, thanks for the question. I don't have many prognostications to share with you quite frankly, but this is obviously a factor of unemployment. I mean it's very clear to us that as unemployment lingers or high unemployment lingers that consumer buying patterns, which have been impacted will remain impacted. So I think that's the single biggest factor that we can attribute what we see happening in the business too, the higher rate of unemployment and hopefully we'll resolve that especially here in the US, but as you know that will take some time.
Dominic Caruso: Yes, well we did – as you know we did lower our effective tax rate a little bit this quarter; that alone doesn't offset the operational tailwinds, it just helps mitigate it, sort of headwind it just mitigates a little bit. We always look to improve on those factors throughout the year and we'll call those out for you. I think looking at the operational impact of the business we've probably given you our best guess of what the particular growth rate in the business both sales and earnings will be at this point as we look out for the rest of the year. So I don't expect significant changes for the balance of the year.
Dominic Caruso: Sure. We did see the suture market now is in the low single digits the last few quarters. We view that as a positive sign as you know we have a significant share of that market up in the 70% to 80% market share. We've seen it at low single digits now for several quarters in a row, which I think is a good sign for procedure volumes and be stabilizing. They're not back to where they were but stabilizing.
Dominic Caruso: No, we don't have a particular preference, David, as I've commented before. We look at each of the businesses as a broadly based healthcare company as each of our businesses are exciting business to be in. We're pleased to be in them, we look to grow them even further and that may come from acquisition, it may come from licensing and partnership and it comes obviously from organic growth. So I wouldn't put much emphasis on the European issues in terms of changing our strategies on how we grow the business.
Dominic Caruso: Well, it's a little too early to comment very specifically on these matters but we do – we are members of the European organization of pharmaceutical companies we have provided statements to the European authorities and have been very clear on the fact we believe that many of the medicines especially biologics have an incredible benefit to patients and hopefully that the pricing decisions that are made can differentiate between products that provide significant values at a healthcare system overall and they're not just across the board changes. We're continuing that dialogue with the European authorities but I think it's very clear that some of the products especially in our biologic franchise are very value products that provide a great benefit to both patients and the healthcare system and we're hopeful that the European governments will take that into consideration when determining the next steps with respect to pricing.
Dominic Caruso: Right, good questions Glenn, thank you. Well, on the European impact of pricing that caused the pharma business in particular, we've taken into consideration what countries such as Greece, Germany, Italy, Spain, Portugal have already announced. So for example Germany did announce increased mandatory rebates from 6% to 16% or 10% increase in some of the rebate. So we have taken those into consideration. UK and France have not yet and they've actually indicated that and hopefully this will be the case that they do not expect significant changes in pharmaceutical pricing in the UK or France. So this is our best guess based on what countries have already indicated what they would do and as I said, it looks to be at about a mid single digit impact to the European business but what we're seeing now is only half a year impact and then with respect to the restructuring part those plans are proceeding as planned. As you remember they were started last year and it would be fully implemented this year. They are proceeding as planned. The additional cost containment efforts that I talked about to help with the recent issues are on top of that particularly in the consumer business and so we've been able to offset some of the pressure from these new items but not all the pressures that I mentioned earlier.
Dominic Caruso: I would model it as we previously indicated we're on track. As you know may know Glenn, these plans include negotiations and discussions with what [inaudible] around the world and therefore it's really not practical to accelerate some of them. So they're planned to happen over the periods that I previously described and so if you've modeled them based on that I don't have any changes in those estimates for you.
Dominic Caruso: So, well, with Nevo, as you know we filed in Europe. We expect to hear later this year from the European authorities and we expect to launch the product soon thereafter. So I don't have any comments to give you with respect to any reimbursement matters and we expect to file a PMA for the US somewhere in the 2012 timeframe.
Dominic Caruso: Well, we obviously have various contracting mechanisms with various hospital systems around the US and as you know in Europe it's primarily a tender system. I can't comment on anything other than to say that we continue to negotiate based on the value that our products bring to the healthcare system and I wouldn't comment on any other specifics other than that.
Dominic Caruso: You're welcome. Great, well let's wrap up today. Thanks for your questions and in closing let me just say that we do remain positive about the underlying growth opportunities for our business as our new products, robust pipelines and core businesses position us well for continued growth. We will continue to manage our business effectively through these latest challenges. Thanks to the dedication, focus and integrity of the people of Johnson & Johnson. And I look forward to updating you on our progress throughout the year and seeing you in October when we will discuss our third quarter results and also provide an update on our pharmaceutical segment. Thanks for your time this morning and have a wonderful day.
Louise Mehrotra: Sure. So sequentially first quarter versus second quarter it was about a 1% impact on the US, the metal on metal but on the total overall DePuy business, it's not significant.
Louise Mehrotra: So in the hips and knee the US market, it's slightly negative price mix like 1% down when you combine the two of them. In spine, it's more in the mid single digit negative price and mix together.
Louise Mehrotra: Sure. So for the US market we think it's down about 2% in the quarter. We believe the market ASPs are down about 6%; that's not our ASP, that's actually the market ASP and we believe PCIs are up about 3%; of course we are the first out to report, so that still needs to be verified; penetration rate at about 77% versus 75% a year ago.
