Joseph Wolk: Hello. This is Joe Wolk, and it is my pleasure to welcome you to the Investor Conference Call to review Johnson & Johnson’s business results for the second quarter of 2018. I am pleased to be joined for a discussion by Alex Gorsky, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Also helping us out today is Matt Stuckley, Senior Director of Investor Relations. As many of you know, this is my first earnings call as Chief Financial Officer. I am very honored, excited and humbled to assume the role for this great company.  Dominic Caruso leaves a lasting impact on the business in many ways. I want to personally thank him for his commitment to this transition. He has been very gracious with his time. It’s great to be surrounded by the many talented and dedicated people of Johnson & Johnson who strived every day to make a positive difference in the lives of all stakeholders outlined in our credo.  And I want to thank you on this webcast for the support and kind words since the announcement. I look forward to our continued partnership.  As far as naming a new Head of Investor Relations, we have many qualified associates to choose from and we will be making that announcement in the near future. Well, as far as the first earnings call, I would hope you agree that the business did their part to help me ease into the role.  Our solid second quarter results which reflects our highest adjusted operational sales growth since the second quarter of 2016 were driven by the strong double-digit growth in pharmaceuticals and accelerating sales momentum in our Medical Device business.  Consumer sales were below our expectations. However, there were some onetime factors that depressed reported results. That said, we need to do better in the Consumer segment and have plans in place to accelerate growth in the back half of the year with many new product introductions.  Let me now turn the call over to Matt to cover some housekeeping matters and kick off the sales review. 
Joseph Wolk: Jami, the only other thing I might add to that and maybe emphasizes Alex’s point is that, we are performance-based. So, while our heritage may say we were constructed a certain way if we don’t perform and we don’t have the same, I would say strategies that we are executing upon in terms of being leaders in the markets in which we play driving earnings a little bit faster than the top-line growth and then having the capital allocation priorities that you become very familiar with, we would challenge that.  And so, the nice thing about the transition between Dominic and I is that there doesn’t need to be an upheaval of policies or company protocol because the performance is borne out that it’s certainly is very strong and it works. 
Joseph Wolk: Sure. Thanks, David. So, on CABANA, I think that could have a benefit to the market. It’s probably still too early to make that determination that that’s driving additional procedures at this point. With respect to Actelion, I believe if you look at the entire portfolio and it gets a little tricky because we had a minor divestiture there.  But I think it was up about 2% where we are really focused on there as you know though is, OPSUMIT and UPTRAVI where they grew very, very healthy double-digits for the quarter and again, as I noted in some of the prepared remarks, the dynamic of the patient assistance foundations does not seem to be an overhang. Thanks for the questions, David. 
Joseph Wolk: Good morning, Bob. Thanks for the question. So, yes, it is an important topic as Alex referred to in his comments. So, if you look at the STELAR results and Pharmaceuticals where we had a 11% adjusted operational growth. That was in light of a price decline of about – let me see here, it’s about 2% for the quarter.  So it’s been 4% year-to-date in terms of negative price, it’s 2% for this quarter. We would expect that to be probably in the realm of about 4% to 6%, somewhere this year as we look over the back half of this year and given the results that we’ve had in the first half. So, again, we continue to act responsibly in this way. As Alex referenced, our transparency report from last year indicated price down in the U.S. about 4.5%. You are looking at something similar this year. 
Joseph Wolk: Yes. So, with regards to the performance in the quarter, beating consensus, that’s probably less relevant for us. I know it’s important for you guys. But what I would say, it’s just probably the Patient Assistance Foundation, we are seeing obviously the impact of the broader reach that Johnson & Johnson has with respect to patient penetration.  Regarding generics coming in later this year, that’s part of the guidance in which we’ve provided. We’ll see how that plays out and we’ll just go from there. But that is part of our thinking going forward, Geoff. 
Joseph Wolk: Hey, Geoff, maybe just to pick up on Alex’s comment too, because you called out neuroscience specifically. The core brands there, the long-acting injectables are only penetrated to the tune of about 15%. We know that that’s the best way to treat those types of patients and that portfolio of assets is performing extremely well. So the reported growth for that particular therapeutic area is impeded by CONCERTA and some declines in ULTRAM and older products. I would also point to the excitement we have around ESKETAMINE in that particular space. So, we think we’ll be filing that very shortly here and certainly by the end of the year. It’s a novel new treatment for patients suffering from depression. We know that’s the number one cause of suicide here in the United States and globally. So, we think that’s going to be a very healthy therapeutic area for us going forward. 
Joseph Wolk: Yes, so with respect to the new products that we’ve launched in Medical Devices, I would say, we are probably about 60% of the way there at this point. Some of these are staggered launches. If you look at the ATTUNE revision, we launched fully here in the U.S. and then it’s going to proceed globally. But I would say we are about 60% of the way in meeting that commitment for 2018. With respect to margin comparisons year-on-year, I would think that’s going to be related to primarily other income and a lack of divestiture gains that were recognized in the first half of last year versus what we’ve recognized this year. In terms of R&D investments, I would say that’s up slightly. We are one of the highest investors in terms of absolute dollars in the medical device space and gross margin continues to improve from an operational perspective. There is a little bit of a headwind with the price obviously, but in terms of our supply chain as we announced last quarter, we continue to make refinements there to keep our costs highly competitive to provide patients and hospital systems with greater affordable access. 
Alex Gorsky: Good morning, Larry. Good to hear from you. Let me take the second question first. With respect to ZYTIGA, if you look at the strong quarter that the Pharmaceutical unit had, let’s remove that growth out and still about 8%, well above any market comparator. So the portfolio is strong. You look at the uptake of TREMFYA, STELARA for Crohn’s our growth is coming from multiple sources. So why we are very pleased with ZYTIGA’s performance it’s – we are not dependent upon it.  With respect to the guidance, so we have raised the operational growth to the midpoint of five. There is some things that I think that need to be pointed out with respect to the second half. I want to state upfront though we do expect to grow in the second half in our pharmaceutical unit as well as accelerate as you heard at our Analyst Day for Medical Devices and Consumer, as a matter of fact I think you saw a positive, if not modest step in this quarter with respect to Medical Devices.  But the comps are pretty significant year-on-year. If you look at the second half of last year where we had really I would call it, this new wave of above market growth for the pharmaceutical unit, it was dependent upon STELARA doing so well in Crohn’s, the launch of TREMFYA, the LATITUDE data came out for ZYTIGA.  The way we looked at it was, the first half growth of this year compared to the second half of last year was about 4% - 4% to 5%. We expect that business to continue to grow going forward and again with the other sectors kicking in as well, we think it bodes pretty well for the entire year.  I would also say we are likely to see a little bit more pronounced effect from generics in the back half of this year. So PROCRIT CONCERTA and obviously TRACLEER in the U.S. So those are the some of the things that I would consider as you look out for the balance of this year. 
Alex Gorsky: Hey, Glenn. Thank you very much for your question and look, before I answer both of them, let me also just reiterate some of Joe’s earlier comments and congratulate our business leaders, I believe for producing results this quarter that were very strong and very consistent with a lot of the strategic goals that we had set in place and that we discussed over the past several years.  It started with our Pharmaceutical sector, but even the increased performance I think we saw underlying in Medical Devices, particularly in Vision Care and hospital medical devices, and what we clearly have got work to do in Consumer, we believe we got strong reasons to believe in the back-end of the year given some of the launches that we will be focusing on as well as other areas of improved execution that we’ll see that delivering at and above market growth rate. So, I just want to thank all of our employees for making those possible.  Now as it relates to Medical Devices, Glenn, consistent with comments that I’ve frequently made in the past, we remain very interested in value creating inorganic growth opportunities in Medical Devices. We are quite excited about the 15 to 20 launches that we have in place for this year and over the past couple of years, I think what we’ve seen is an uptick in the number of bolt-on acquisitions that we’ve done.  In fact, just last year, we invested more than $1 billion in our Medical Device group giving us good new technologies, really across almost all of our major platforms. And of course, with our very strong balance sheet, it also gives us the flexibility to continue to invest going forward.  I won’t comment specifically on exactly what size or obviously what companies, but when we think that the strategy is right, that it fits with our portfolio, that we feel that ultimately we can actually create value, based upon the asset and operationalize it and execute, we are ready to do so.  Regarding the overall strategy of the Medical Device unit, given the change in leadership, I would like to again thank Sandy for her leadership and for what she contributed, really not only in Medical Devices, but across the other areas of our business, but also welcome Ashley who is really a seasoned Johnson & Johnson leader with extensive experience in medical devices really for about the past eight years both in our ETHICON, as well as our Vision Care business where she led a very significant turnaround.  But we believe that the underlying strategies of focusing on innovation, i.e. increasing the amount of launches and also bolt-on acquisitions that we’ve done, we expect that to continue and improved focus on execution which has been in place over the last 12 months.  But we’ll continue going forward and we think that we are seeing the early signs that in fact that strategy and that plan is paying off as you saw our HMD growth rate of just about 3.5% for this quarter and you saw Vision Care continue to grow at an overall rate of about 9%.  So, that’s the way that I would look at it and thank you very much for your questions. 
Alex Gorsky: Hey, Jami, thank you very much for your question. And look, what I would say is, we are always challenging our internal strategy and as you and I have talked about in the past that, our diversified strategy is not predicated upon our 130 plus year history, but it’s really predicated upon our excitement and our outlook for overall healthcare and our performance going forward.  As it relates to some of the recent transactions across the business, what I would say here too, if you look out over a 25, or 10 or 15 or five or three or even a two year overall performance, what you’ll see is that Johnson & Johnson has outperformed and we really manage the business with that kind of a long-term outlook.  I think you’ve also seen that over the past several years, we’ve been much more disciplined and focused on pruning our portfolio in appropriate places where frankly we didn’t feel that we saw significant growth opportunities or perhaps where good companies, good product lines were better suited in someone else’s hands as we continue to invest in more promising areas and we will continue to evaluate those kind of strategies and on our model and on our approach going forward. Thank you very much. 
Alex Gorsky: Yes, so, with respect to REMICADE performance, yes, I think this quarter it was 14%, 16% adjusted in the first quarter. So, we don’t see any step change from this point out to the balance of the year, what I would say is maybe you might see a little bit of increased discounts as contracts come for renewal at the beginning of the next year and there will be some accrual effect obviously in the fourth quarter for that product, but nothing significant.  We still maintain about 94% of the Infliximab volume share. Regarding the lawsuit which we believe is baseless in its merits. There is really no update on that. So, we’ll wait and see, but it’s not something that concerns us giving the contracting practices that we employ and how that is on par with others in the industry. 
Alex Gorsky: Sure, David. Thank you very much. I don’t think that would be inappropriate conclusion to draw and what I would say is that, first of all, I would like to recognize and congratulate the great performance and frankly the significant value that’s been created under the leadership of Paul and Joaquin and their leadership of our Pharmaceutical business.  But I think it’s also important to note that, look these are very broad seasoned leaders with more than three decades of experience and for the past several years, Paul was playing a critical role in our Pharmaceutical business. He is also taking an increasingly more active role across our R&D portfolio.  And so, we look forward to having him continue to accelerate the value of our future pipeline and frankly the level of science and innovation that we have across Johnson & Johnson. Joaquin too is a very experienced leader who did have some experience outside, actually in the Medical Device area. But he is somebody who has a – again a long track record of leading through complex, challenging issues and significant opportunities.  So by expanding his role, we think the impact that he can have in working with Jorge in our Consumer group, as well as with our information technology or supply chain and other areas will be very positive. I think the other important issue here, David is that, with Ashley’s promotion, Ashley will continue to report into me and will reporting to me in her new role, maintaining responsibility for Vision Care.  So, given her previous experience in Medical Devices, given my experience in Medical Devices, this will allow us to continue to manage our entire portfolio of businesses with the very strong leaders across Johnson & Johnson. And by the way I’d also be remised if I didn’t recognize Jennifer Taubert who will now – is now leading our Pharmaceutical business.  Again, a very experienced seasoned leader who has been a big part of our Pharmaceutical growth over the past several years and we really look forward to seeing her upcoming contributions going forward. 
Alex Gorsky: No, I think this was a fairly clean quarter with respect to that. There was some selling days in Medical Devices, primarily in the orthopedics side of things that we called out in Q1, which was a hurt it comes back as a help this quarter and then some of the factors in consumer which depressed the reported results which we should see come back to us in the back half of this year. But nothing around gross to net anything of that nature, Joanne. 
Alex Gorsky: Joanne, thank you very much for your question. And, look, we have been disappointed with the performance of both of those segments. However, we are confident going forward and let me just take each. If we look at our underlying Knee business, even just on a sequential basis from first quarter to second quarter, we are seeing underlying improvement.  We believe that that’s being driven by the launch of the ATTUNE revision and as well as the extended tibial plate. We’ve got other launches regarding the cementless planned in the future and look for data around ATTUNE whether it’s from UK, Australia, New Zealand or the Michigan registries remains strong and frankly we put a greater focus on execution with our sales force that we believe will continue to see a positive turnaround in that aspect of our business in the back-end of this year.  As you know with Spine, that’s been a longer-term issue. It’s been a – frankly, we believe a market-driven issue to a very large degree albeit we have had some dislocation and complexity as we saw the Synthes and DePuy organizations come together that caused some challenge in our sales forces. And frankly, our innovation cadence slowed down there as well.  I think we are now in a position where we put a much improved focus on stabilizing the sales organization. Two, we have – here is also a strong cadence of new launches with our interbody cage, with other type of guidance systems, as well as some additional nails, plates and screws and other systems that we think are also going to contribute to positive growth as we go through the back-end of 2018 and into 2019. Thank you. 
Alex Gorsky: Bob, what I would also just add there is that, I think it also just harkens back to the strong underlying volume increases that we are seeing across our portfolio, particularly in Oncology and immunology, but beyond that, our neuroscience group and cardiovascular has remained strong, as well as our infectious disease. So, again, on a very broad base, volume-driven, which means that ultimately we are reaching more patients around the world. 
Alex Gorsky: Hey, Danielle, thank you very much. And, look, what I would say overall is, we still believe that Spine is a large attractive global market. There is a lot of unmet need, because as we all know, as we get older, a lot of the existing technologies don’t deliver the same level of clinical outcomes and patient satisfaction.  For example, that you might experience with the Hip or even in Knee replacement and look, while we are excited about the progress that we are making, and some of the strong cadence of launches and acquisitions, we clearly know that we have gotten more work to do at the performance of this business.  And the reason for that frankly is, the continued slowdown with Spine category growth, especially in the U.S. We had some portfolio gaps as I mentioned earlier that we are now closing. And we had sales force attrition in 2017, which did have a negative impact that we think that that is now stabilized.  So, while we still have got work to do, we maintain the number two position globally. We think that it’s a very strong complement to the rest of our portfolio. But we are very, very focused on getting that business turned around and move it in the right direction. 
Alex Gorsky: Hey, Geoff, this is Alex. The other thing that I might add is, look whenever you do this kind of an acquisition, there are certain elements in the transition that you got to work your way through and what I think part of what we are seeing frankly is now that we have several quarters under our belt that that team is really starting to come together.  We are starting to realize the global selling synergies. I’ve been particularly impressed with our medical affairs team and the way that we are looking at new opportunities to how do identify patients earlier? How do we start combination therapy earlier to actually help potentially stop the progression of the disease and combine with just general executional improvements that we see across the board that’s why it makes us bullish on Actelion going forward.
Alex Gorsky: Yes, look, overall Geoff, what I would say is, that we still believe there is a lot of opportunities across the – really now six different platforms that we have in our Pharmaceutical group and it starts basically with unmet need. I mean, if you look at some of the lower penetration rates and the new categories, for example, in immunology, you still see penetration rates and things like psoriatic, psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis of only around 35%. And even in the novel oral anti-coagulant class, you still see WARFARIN at about a 45% share. So, there is a lot of opportunity that we focus on. I think the other issue for us is that by taking this portfolio approach, not only does it allow us to expand into new patient opportunities and obviously do a lot with the medical affairs investment with new indications, but it also enables us to do that in a fairly efficient manner. So that we don’t have to re-create sales or marketing or reimbursement organizations, but rather it can be another option in the portfolio and frankly that’s why now for example, if you look in immunology, STELARA is well on its way to becoming our number one product. But if you look TREMFYA, SIMPONI, even with the REMICADE decline in the phase of biosimilars our overall portfolio approach I think is in fact really working. 
Alex Gorsky: Yes, Geoff, just to tag on to that, our underlying LAI business in neuroscience is growing at about 12%. We think that category is less than 12% penetrated. And Joe is exactly right. If you look at the unmet need in the area of treatment resistant depression and frankly the what the data suggests with the potential for ESKETAMINE, we couldn’t be more excited for patients or for our business going forward. 
Alex Gorsky: Sure, Rick. Thanks for the question. And the short answer is, yes. But, in particular, in a lot of our conversations and discussions with hospital systems, as they are trying to navigate their way to the challenges that they are seeing in the current marketplace, clearly they are dealing with shifts in care from the traditional hospital operating room to the ambulatory care center, trying to do a better job of managing both pre-operative as well as post-operative care. And those are all areas that frankly we think are exciting not only in terms of the business opportunity but also in terms of a better position overall for Johnson & Johnson and ultimately improving patient outcomes. 
Alex Gorsky: Sure. Well, thank you very much for your continued confidence and support in Johnson & Johnson. I think you’ll agree with me that we had a very strong quarter that’s quite consistent with the plans that we’ve been laying out. As expected, we have some areas that we are particularly strong, others that we need to continue to focus on and improve. But overall, we are pleased with the progress that we are making and again, we appreciate your continued support. So, on behalf of the more than 130,000 employees of Johnson & Johnson around the world, who wake up every day trying to help patients and consumers with a longer, healthier and happier lives in a credo-based way. Thank you very much and I will look forward to catching up with you later in the year. Bye for now.
