Dominic J. Caruso: Yes, David, it's our view, both management and the board, that our broadly-based business is the right approach to have in healthcare. It certainly has served us well and we expect it will continue to serve us well as the healthcare industry evolves in the future. We think of ourselves as a healthcare company, and of course that allows us to access opportunities in healthcare no matter where they be, either in Pharma, Medical Devices, or in Consumer Health.
Dominic J. Caruso: I don't think it's expected that REMICADE sales will be significantly impacted year over year by gross-to-net adjustments.
Dominic J. Caruso: You're right, Josh, we don't expect biosimilar competition in 2016. As you know, we have several patents that we intend to defend. For example, the U.S. patent, the '471 patent [U.S. Patent number 6,284,471], extends to 2018, and another patent that we have extends to 2027. Having said that, I think overall the immunology franchise of Johnson & Johnson is very strong because it's not just about REMICADE. Of course, we have STELARA, SIMPONI, et cetera. And the overall pipeline in the Pharmaceutical business, as you know from our review last May, is very, very robust, with 10 new products being filed, each of which having more than $1 billion potential. So overall we remain very, very comfortable with the growth outlook for the Pharmaceutical business regardless of the outcome of any REMICADE biosimilar.
Dominic J. Caruso: Sure, Josh. Just to put things in perspective, Venezuela is less than 1% of our sales, less than 0.5% of our sales, so it's not a very significant impact. It is more significant in Consumer than in the other businesses. But we're very confident in our outlook for a 200 basis point improvement in operating margin expansion – pre-tax operating margin expansion for 2016. And that will be across all the businesses, including Consumer, who will make a significant contribution to that, even despite the impacts of Venezuela. So we're very confident with that outlook for the year.
Dominic J. Caruso: Mike, we're obviously very pleased with the early uptake of DARZALEX. And as we said, it contributed two points of growth to our U.S. Pharma business, so off to a great start. The CD38 mechanism of action seems to be something that the KOLs [Key Opinion Leaders] really respect as having a significant impact on the disease. And we think the product is going to do extremely well and will see continued uptake throughout the year.
Dominic J. Caruso: Yes, Mike, it's an interesting observation. Actually, the strength of the sales in any one particular region does not necessarily correlate with the strength of the earnings in that region, and it's for the very reason that you mentioned, which is where the IP is located, where the manufacturing takes place, et cetera. So what we did is we just updated our outlook with how the profits will fall amongst the different regions and different jurisdictions. And we thought about 0.5 point improvement in the overall tax rate would be achievable this year for the full year, and therefore we adjusted that in our outlook.
Dominic J. Caruso: Sure. Just to clarify what I said, I was talking about challenges in the market with respect to our consumer Medical Device diabetes business, the LifeScan business. And what I meant by that was we see continued pricing pressure in that market, and we also see some competition with respect to new pumps being launched. We've just launched a new pump obviously, so we're also seeing good uptake with our current pump. So the dynamics I'm talking about are in the Medical Device piece of the business as being challenging. Overall, INVOKANA continues to do well. Its uptake is strong quarter over quarter and remains a growth driver for us going forward.
Dominic J. Caruso: Sure. China again, just to put it in perspective, it's about 5% of our overall business. And a slowdown in the economy actually last year is what caused some distributor inventory to be at relatively high levels. That distributor inventory is beginning to bleed off. We saw that in the first quarter, and we think that that bleed-off will be completed shortly. So we don't expect to see a continued impact of that for the rest of the year.
Dominic J. Caruso: Okay, let's take them in order. And, Louise, you could add, obviously, if I've left anything out. I wouldn't say, Jami, that there's any one particular area in the business where we see a widening of gross-to-net or rebating that's any different than what we've seen before in the business. So rather than comment on any one particular area, I would say generally speaking there's nothing that sticks out to us as a widening trend. With respect to U.S. OTC, a couple things to mention; we are gaining back share, and the products are doing very, very well. And this particular quarter was a relatively low growth market quarter because of a very, very soft flu season, a very, very soft flu season. So most of the growth that we saw is not on the back of market expansion but on the back of share expansion as we continue to regain share.
Dominic J. Caruso: We're making progress, Jami, but we're not finished. I think these products have a long heritage and legacy. They're very, very important in overall healthcare. And quite frankly, they're admired by consumers. So we expect to see continued share growth.
Dominic J. Caruso: Okay, sure, Jami. Okay, great. Okay, good, all right. Just to clarify, back in September, I didn't really say I was uncomfortable with the level of cash. I just said that it was a higher level of cash than we normally hold. And then of course, after that we announced a $10 billion share buyback. So we're very conscious of the fact that while we're evaluating M&A opportunities, we can continue to return capital to shareholders, which in addition to our very, very strong dividend, we can do share buybacks. We're in the middle of doing one right now, and we'll obviously evaluate whether we continue increase that particular share buyback as time goes on. With respect to not allocating capital to any particular deals, I could tell you that we're very active, but as you know, we're also very disciplined. We do see opportunities, but we want to do the right deal at the right time with the right party at the right valuation. And we're comfortable waiting for that to take place because we think that's what ultimately generates the most value for shareholders.
Dominic J. Caruso: The message is very consistent, what it's always been. Our first priority is allocating capital to dividends. So we'll announce what we're going to do with dividends at our April 28 shareholder meeting. After that, we'd like to grow the business and create value for shareholders through M&A. And in addition to that, we'll continue to return capital to shareholders through share purchases, repurchase. So it's not really a change. So our attitude, our capital allocation policy does not change depending on how much capital we have. It's all about creating the most value for shareholders with whatever capital we deploy.
Dominic J. Caruso: Sure, Glenn. In certain areas of the market, valuations are still high. They're coming down, as you know, in biotech in particular. But in certain other areas, in med device, for example, certain valuations are still inflated, in our opinion. Things will get better as time goes on, we believe. We're patient, disciplined. And as I said earlier, we'll look for the right opportunity, but at the right time at the right valuation. With respect to Allergan and Pfizer maybe being in the market now and creating more competition, that's probably true. I can't speak for what they're going to do, but we're accustomed to looking at various acquisition candidates where more than one party may be interested in a particular asset. That does not dissuade us from being disciplined and having a clear focus on ultimately what matters, which is the deployment of that capital to create shareholder value. So yes, there will be more competition. We'll still remain very disciplined.
Dominic J. Caruso: Just to clarify, 3% overall is the Medical Device business ex-acquisition and divestitures, but the hospital-based Medical Device business excluding the consumer-facing Medical Device businesses, that grew 4% on a comparable basis. We did have a number of products that we filed last year, and we have about 30 new products that we're launching. Half of those have already been launched, so we are seeing the impact of those. And I think it's also a matter of focus, focus on the primary growth drivers. For example, you saw very good results in energy, in endocutters, in electrophysiology as major drivers of growth. And also we're very pleased with the results in orthopedics. And the ATTUNE Knee, for example, in the U.S. in particular, the U.S. growth was over 8% for knees, which is pretty fantastic growth, and the ATTUNE knee is still a new product that's being launched in that marketplace.
Dominic J. Caruso: Sure, Vamil. So on M&A, just in general we're looking at M&A as an important additional growth driver in all of our businesses, including Consumer. As we've said before, Consumer can generally benefit from taking very, very specific brands that are in certain regional categories. We're certainly in our sweet spot of skin care, baby, oral care, et cetera, where we think we could do better with a combination of the technology that we have and the overall market and distribution presence that we have. So we'll continue to look there. And again, like every other M&A evaluation, we'll make sure that it's at the right valuation at the right time. With respect to INVOKANA, a couple things to mention there. There has been – previous to this CANVAS study, there have been 12 previous studies with INVOKANA where we saw no such indication of increase in lower limb amputations, particularly the toe, so this seems to be focused only on the patients in the CANVAS study. It's important to note that, yes, that European regulatory body is taking a look at it, but already the independent monitoring committee that reviews the clinical trial after reviewing all the data concluded that the trial should continue. So that's what I can tell you about that. And obviously, we'll look to advise physicians appropriately of the results once we have more understanding of them.
Dominic J. Caruso: Yes, sure, Geoff. Both guselkumab and sirukumab are different mechanisms of action than the current products that we have in immunology. And typically, innovative products that have a significant impact on unmet medical need – in this case it would be those patients that are not otherwise responding to, for example, TNF therapy, our view is that pricing will still continue to be – the products will still continue to be valued and therefore not have a lot of pressure on pricing because there is some still significant unmet medical need, and it's a new mechanism of action that should have an impact on patients. I think that that's irrespective of whether or not there's a biosimilar in the market with respect to REMICADE because overall pricing for immunology products, particularly in the TNF category, already have pretty significant gross-to-net discounts in the marketplace. I think we've talked before about that ours are already in the 25% range, so I don't think there's that much room for there to be significantly lower pricing in that market.
Dominic J. Caruso: Our agreement with respect to this PARP inhibitor was a result of our oncology therapeutic area, taking a look at where PARPs can have an added benefit. Our first approach to this is going to be with prostate cancer in conjunction with our development of ARN-509 in prostate cancer, so the particular focus at the moment is in prostate cancer, Geoff.
Dominic J. Caruso: Right, and also with respect to your question on the 180-day notice period, yes, we have received that from Celltrion. And with respect to the growth nerve factor discontinuance, what you said was exactly right. This was a portfolio question. As we mentioned, we have 10 new products that we're planning to file between now and 2019. Obviously, we're going to focus on those. They all have more than $1 billion potential. So we make portfolio decisions all the time, and this is just another one of those types of decisions.
Dominic J. Caruso: Generally speaking, on the bundling approach, which is now present in certain markets but not across all markets in the U.S., we do think that we're positioned very well there because obviously we have a very broad portfolio of products. So the bundling approach with the hospital or integrated care network would include multiple Johnson & Johnson products, which we think we're in a great position to partner with in that regard. The payer economics in spine, we haven't seen much of a dramatic change there. One thing I'd like to point out is we did see growth in our spine business this quarter of about 2%. So we're very pleased with that business coming back and showing some improvement.
Dominic J. Caruso: I think you're directionally right. I think you're right that without the – if you just neutralized I guess is what you did, for the extra selling days, we would see growth of better than 5.5%, right.
Dominic J. Caruso: Sure, Larry. Thanks for the question, just a couple things on the Vision Care business and our ACUVUE brand. As you know, the ACUVUE business has a long heritage of strong category growth as well as good innovation, which creates fantastic products for contact lens wearers. And as you know, we are the world leader in contact lenses with the ACUVUE brand. And we just launched four new products in 2015, which are being received very well by the eye care professional and the contact lens wearer. Back in 2014, we did not have that kind of innovation coming to market, first of all. And secondly, we saw some unevenness in the pricing in the market with very, very different pricing in different channels. So, we decided to implement the Unilateral Pricing Policy in order to even out the pricing. And at the end of the day, what happened there was we did see a lower overall price for our products, which made the products more affordable. So today the majority of the patients who get ACUVUE contact lenses are paying less than they did for that brand two years ago. Now with innovation and with the market stabilizing, we've adopted a new program that encourages patients to see their eye care professional and provides rebates and incentives for the purchase of contact lenses in conjunction with their eye exam as prescribed by the eye care professional. And we think that's just the next evolution as a market leader to focus on eye health and not just price of the contact lens. So just a continued evolution of how we approach the market, and there may be – when there is some slight disruption in the market, we think that overall the long-term benefit to the overall category into our business is worth it.
Dominic J. Caruso: Okay, thanks, Louise. As I noted earlier, we're very pleased with our continued momentum as we entered into 2016. I would just like to take this time to recognize and thank all of our associates around the world for their extraordinary achievements and dedication to the success of Johnson & Johnson. Thank you for your time this morning. I look forward to updating you on our progress throughout the year, and have a great day.
Louise Mehrotra - Vice President: Okay. So as we've discussed, we had the prior year gross-to-net that you saw that contributed I think it was 3% to the REMICADE growth, and pricing dynamics continued to be okay in that market.
Louise Mehrotra - Vice President: So in the U.S., nothing significant in the inventory. That market grows strong, strong double digits, and that is a good contributor to the immunology. STELARA continues to grow market share. SIMPONI ARIA is contributing to the results; but in the U.S., no significant inventory build.
Louise Mehrotra - Vice President: And also we had the CASTOR trial, which actually the IDMC [Independent Data Monitoring Committee] has recommended to stop early. So that's a very positive sign as well in that instance.
Louise Mehrotra - Vice President: Yes, so in 2009, before the McNeil issues that we had, the adult share was about 25%, and we're back to 14%. And pediatric was about 70%, and we're now back to 46%, so you're seeing some nice growth on that. And if you take a look at year over year, the adult (sic) [pediatric] (40:56) share a year ago was 43%, so you see it going up about three points. And then the pediatric share is also going up to the 46%.
Louise Mehrotra - Vice President: And in the adult, it was 14% U.S. share now, and it was 12%. And you asked about the private label. We think in the U.S. market, the adult is about a third, and in the pediatric it's about 40%.
Louise Mehrotra - Vice President: So our estimate of the first quarter hip market is about 3.5% in the U.S., again qualified, but we haven't seen all the competitors report. We think the U.S. knee market grew about 4.5%, and we believe we grew faster than those markets. Now we did have about 1.5 extra selling days. But even if you take that out of there, we do believe we grew faster than the market in hips and knees in the U.S.
Louise Mehrotra - Vice President: Okay, so we're expecting to see some Phase 2 data of our AL-335 and the three direct-acting inhibitors in 2016.
