Jami Rubin: Thank you. Dominic, just a couple questions for you -- I'm just trying to get my head around the new guidance and you did a nice job explaining all the pieces, but -- so this quarter you beat by $0.10, but for the full year you're only raising guidance by $0.07 and that does include the impact of Actelion. You did mention that this is just a half year impact, so even if I assume that you wouldn’t experience the full half-year impact -- even if I assume that the synergy impact is back-half weighted and assume that you only benefit from, say, a third of the synergy, I am still coming up a little short. Perhaps it is this R&D expenditure that explains the difference but that would seem to be -- that might explain only part of the difference. So if you could just walk through again the different pieces -- I'm surprised that the guidance didn't come in above given your original Actelion guidance but again I'm sure that there are timing issues in this R&D expense, that would be helpful. And then I have a follow-up question on REMICADE; thinks. 
Jami Rubin: That's not including – I mean the original press release said first full year which was from the time you closed, so – 
Jami Rubin: Okay, that's helpful. Just second question on REMICADE, the impact from biosimilar is, as you said, very minimal. What are your expectations for the remainder of the year? And then lastly, I am curious your thoughts, Dominic, on prospects for corporate tax reform and repatriation, just given some of the dysfunction in Washington. Thank you very much. 
Dominic Caruso: Okay. Hi good morning, Jami. Well, just a few things. So regarding our first quarter results of $1.83, that's about $0.06 higher than current estimates. You could break that down between $0.03 or $0.04 related to a lower tax rate than is in the Street’s models for the first quarter and the balance related to basically good cost management.  With respect to that tax rate, we did not change the tax rate for the year. So the lower tax rate in the first quarter compared to what is in many of your models really is just timing related to the stock based compensation accounting which is mostly reflected in the first quarter. So -- and through the balance of the year we do expect some increased investment which would offset some of that favorability in expenses in the first quarter.  Regarding next year for Actelion, in the first full year 2018 we’re still confident with our $0.35 to $0.45 per share. If we look at this half year, it’s a couple things going on. First of all, you're exactly right. I mentioned the R&D -- the option we have with respect to one of the R&D programs in the spinoff company and we're assuming that we will exercise that option which will impact our R&D expense in the latter half of the year as a cost, that's worth about $0.08, we gave guidance that's about $0.07 higher related to adding Actelion, let's call that $0.15 for half a year of Actelion assuming that the option wasn't exercised, and that's just slightly lower than the half a year at $0.35 or so for next year and that's because all of the synergies related to the transaction really ramp up in 2018, not in the early stages of the integration in 2017. So hopefully that clears things off. 
Dominic Caruso: Sure. Well for REMICADE we saw very little impact in the first quarter. Of course, it's early because the product just launched at the end of last year. As you know there is no interchangeability, so we certainly don't expect that decisions will switch patients, they may start new patients on therapy. But with the long history that we have of REMICADE’s efficacy and safety, we believe patients will move slowly to switch to a biosimilar and we've incorporated that planned utilization in our guidance for the year and hasn't changed from the time we gave guidance in January, which is well before we saw any impact in the quarter.  With respect to tax reform and what we expect to happen, I was actually just in Washington last week and one of the things that I think is very clear is that the House has a plan that they want to move forward which includes the border adjustment tax, that has not yet been adopted by the Senate, although everyone agrees that some innovation in the way jobs will be created in the U.S. is important and I would say the grand summary from my takeaway was that both the House and the Senate are waiting for guidance from the White House on whether they prefer the border adjustment tax or whether they have another vehicle that they would like to implement. And while everyone is waiting for that, things have in fact stalled as you said, but I am confident that we're talking about the right things, we're talking about a lower U.S. tax rate, we're talking about a territorial system and we're talking about some innovation and some incentive for job creation in the U.S. And that latter point is the one that's up for discussion waiting for some clarity and preference from the White House. 
Dominic Caruso: Sure. Well, with consumer I would say that what was a little bit more pronounced in our expectation was going into the year was the level at which the category growth that we compete -- the categories that we compete in decelerated. That of course then turns into inventory destocking, if you will, by the various trades. That's a phenomenon that we think is not long lived, because obviously eventually as consumption either picks up or even continues at a reasonable pace, inventory will need to be restocked at the trade, so we'll see some corrections to that.  Plus, with respect to our own business, we have a number of new product launches, very few of them hit the first quarter, they're all scheduled that now second quarter, third and fourth and those as I said earlier could impact our total growth rate by an incremental two points of growth going forward. So we don't think that the first quarter results for consumer will continue at that pace that we just saw; we think they will improve throughout the year.  With respect to pharmaceuticals, I mentioned that we were pleased to not see much of an impact in REMICADE biosimilar, there may be some additional impact as we go through the year but nothing's changed our estimates for that, it's all baked into our guidance. We did see -- we did see some pricing dynamics particularly in the cardiovascular metabolic space, so INVOKANA and XARELTO. Those are competitive markets, lots of entries in that market and therefore the payer dynamics are more competitive there. So we saw some lower pricing there; that's also baked into our estimates for the quarter, so not something dramatically different than what we expected. 
Dominic Caruso: That's correct, Mike. That's our position as well, that whatever the outcome is of that hearing it will not impact the 30 month stay. 
Dominic Caruso: But I would say no significant acceleration or change in the pricing dynamics that we've been seeing. So steady as she goes with respect to slightly negative price across the industry. 
Dominic Caruso: Sure. Well, with respect to diabetes, we continue that process, we're evaluating various options for that business, whether it be partnership or outright divestiture or whatever is best in terms of giving that position -- giving that business the best position to succeed and obviously getting -- if we were to divest it getting the right return for our shareholders.  With respect to the AMO acquisition, it's going really really well, I mean it just obviously was integrated in February, we welcomed the AMO colleagues to Johnson & Johnson. They are very important part of now a complete health offering that we have at Johnson & Johnson, coupled with the ACUVUE brand which obviously has great recognition, the innovation that we already know about and know how to do well both in manufacturing and lens technology. I think this is going to be a fantastic acquisition for us; it's off to a great start and quite frankly before we acquired them in the quarter they were doing really well with new product launches growing at a rate that was double the rate that they were growing at last year's first quarter. So we're very pleased, it's off to a great start. 
Dominic Caruso: Sure. Well, Larry, we have a number of plans with respect to various divestitures. We announced Codman because it was the most significant of those that we have plans with, but the basket of all of those is what we have included in our earnings guidance for the year of 1.1% to 1.3% in the other income line. So it'll be part of that other income line and not excluded from our earnings. And as you know we always take the opportunity to reinvest those gains back into the business. So we don't expect that it will have that much of a significant impact on overall earnings as our -- as I mentioned earlier our investment levels will go up, the system was recognizing those gains.  Couple things with respect to medical devices and consumer, as I mentioned earlier we do expect product launches in the remaining part of the year, adding about 1.8% growth in the medical devices and about 2% growth versus the current levels to consumer. In medical devices we also had some tough comparisons in the first quarter. We still had some inventory destocking and distributor issues in China which obviously won’t repeat going forward in the year. And likewise in consumer we have as I mentioned this category deceleration which we think will improve throughout the balance of the year. We currently expect that consumer will do about the same as it did last year and if the deceleration in the category growth continues further, then we expect that it would do slightly less. Medical devices about on par now with next year but I do think that it will be at or very close to the market growth rates for the industry overall. 
Dominic Caruso: So with trauma, let me take that. With trauma, that's the business that we saw this inventory destocking issue with changes in distributors in China as I mentioned earlier. So that was an impact in the first quarter that we don't expect to continue. Spine, some product gaps there that I would point to are expandable cage and we just did acquire an expandable cage, so we expect we will have a good offering in that particular segment of the market as well. 
Dominic Caruso: Well, Matt, thanks for the question. In our neurovascular or neurosurgery business, we obviously have sales presence. And as you recall we announced that we have an offer to divest the Codman neurosurgery business. What we're talking about with Neuravi is the piece of the Codman business where we already have sales force in place, dealing with the ischemic stroke as opposed to hemorrhagic stroke which is dealt with in the other part of the business. And this is consistent with our strategy of moving our portfolio to the higher growth areas of any category. And so you're right to point out that we've been doing this quite often, we've been divesting slower growth areas or areas that we think are better off in someone else's hands and investing in higher growth areas and new technologies. This particular ischemic stroke treatment from Neuravi is already on the market in Europe and expected to be approved this year in the U.S. and it provides for faster blood flow and more accurate retrieval of the clot within the neurovascular system. So we're very excited about it.  By the way, our entire medical device business has largely been grown by these smaller tuck-in bolt-on acquisitions with technologies that advance the standard of care and with our scale in distribution we're able to do much better with that asset in our hands than in the hands of the previous owner. 
Dominic Caruso: Well, overall, Matt, we have an innovative portfolio in pharma and the innovation comes with greater patient outcome and therefore evidence that supports the pricing for the products. That's the vast majority of the portfolio in oncology, immunology, neuroscience. In certain parts of the portfolio cardiovascular and metabolic in particular, that's a little bit more crowded; it's not a specialty focused, more primary care focused. And that's where the payer community has more influence over rebates and the like. I don't think that we're going to see a dramatic change in our pricing methodologies, it's all evidence based. We look at it annually and as you know from our last report that you just mentioned, the difference between list price and net price is pretty dramatic and we think that that will continue. And so we've had modest price increases on a net price basis and we think that'll be the case going forward. 
Dominic Caruso: Sure. Well, couple things, Bob. The restructuring was announced more than a year ago, I guess January of 2016. So we've been in the process of restructuring the medical device business. We've been making changes in the portfolio well before any leadership changes were announced. I think that will just continue; it's not going to dramatically change as a result of any leadership changes; that's a strategic point of view that we have on various markets. But I don't think that'll change.  I don't think any one particular leadership group will have an influence one way or another over whether we do larger or smaller transactions, are all individually analysed. We're very disciplined about it, they have to be strategic, they have to return a weighted average IRR that's higher than our weighted average cost of capital. So none of that changes just because of leadership changes. I don’t think that you should expect any dramatic change there. I would expect a continual improvement in the business over time all of which has been started over a year ago. It takes time to improve a business that's so widespread and diverse as our medical device business but we're making good progress. And I would just reiterate that we expect it to have nearly a billion dollars of cost improvements in that business achieved by 2018 and we're well on our way of doing that. So I don't expect any changes there as well. 
Dominic Caruso: With respect to larger in devices or larger in any business it's really the same for us, it's not really focused on any one business being more focused on larger or smaller, has to do with whether or not it's an area of strategic importance for us, whether the asset is one that we think we can grow better in our hands than in the hands of the previous owner, and whether we're going to get a return for our shareholders that's commensurate with the risk that we have by putting our shareholders capital to work. So really doesn't vary in devices, consumer, or pharma in any regard with respect to whether one business would be more likely to have a larger versus smaller acquisition, depends on each individual transaction and we're really agnostic, although I will say in medical devices are history has been a great deal of bolt-on acquisitions and now and then a pretty large acquisition, the largest one we did was Synthes now five years ago or thereabouts.  With respect to your question on pharma, 2.2% versus 4.7% – the 2.2% growth is pharma ex acquisitions and divestiture impact and the 4.7 pharma growth has to do with simply adjusting for the $200 million of purchase price adjustments that were recorded in the first quarter of 2016 -- their prior period adjustments I should say were related to Medicaid rebates, managed care rebates that were late in reporting into us and therefore we've recorded all those in the first quarter of 2016, they had nothing to do with 2016, they're all from prior periods. So we excluded that in the calculation of the 4.7% to give you an apple to apples underlying growth rate for the pharma business; hopefully that's clear now. 
Dominic Caruso: Sure, Dane. Well, in the cardiovascular space with respect to Actelion, I mean that's not primary care, it's more specialty based. So therefore it's consistent with our overall strategy of being focused in specialty, pharmaceutical areas more so than in primary care. So I don't see the same kind of pricing dynamics in the specialty area that you do in the primary care area. Hopefully that’s clear. 
Dominic Caruso: Sure. Well, a couple things -- e-commerce is not a risk, it's a real obvious trend in industry where we're well positioned in getting better positioned. Our brands are iconic in nature, they do still have quite an appeal to a mass audience and you see us continuing to advertise for example with Neutrogena, and Aveeno and Tylenol. So we think those brands still hold up well in more classic marketing although we're very present in e-commerce and products like Vogue and others that we’re acquiring in the consumer brand in the consumer space specialty kind of brands fit really well in the e-commerce strategy.  With respect to the second part of your question, could you just repeat that again please? Yeah, well, a couple things, I mean obviously we were on a long plan to improve the margins in this business but I think as Alex often mentions first things first. So now that the business has worked through the issues that it had in the OTC. business although it's still under a consent decree, I just want to remind you we are focused on cost improvement programs and while at the same time investing. So there's no particular focus or goal to get to one particular pretax operating margin number. We expect it to be competitive with the industry which it now is but we're obviously going to take the opportunity to invest when we can especially as I mentioned we're launching new products this year. So we're going to make sure we invest behind those launches and make sure they do exceptionally well right out of the gate.  End of Q&A
Dominic Caruso: Thanks Joe. Well as I noted earlier we're confident in our guidance for 2017 and we're optimistic for the future. I would like to take this moment to recognize and thank all of our associates around the world for their important contributions and dedication to the success of Johnson & Johnson. Thank you for your time this morning. I look forward to updating you on our progress throughout the year and I hope to see you all at our pharmaceutical business review meeting on May 17. Thanks and have a great day. 
Joseph Wolk: Manny, next question. Maybe before we take the question, I just want to make sure in the last dialogue there was a reference to $0.35 to $0.45 and $0.30 to $0.40, just want to for clarity for your models, it's $0.35 to $0.40 for the first full year of Actelion. Next question, Manny please. 
Joseph Wolk: Joanne, one way we typically answer these questions around utilization trends, and so this day that lags a little bit but in the fourth quarter for hospital admissions it was up almost a percent; surgical procedures were down about a half percent, and lab procedures were up a percent. We see anywhere based on our very preliminary estimates for the first quarter of 2017 they were from flat to 1% up across all three of those categories. 
Joseph Wolk: And just for clarity, as folks look at the schedules that we provide, the AMO business will be split into two categories. The consumer solutions business will be put in with the contact lens portion of the business and surgery will be carved out on its own. So for the quarter we had $124 million recognized in sales from the AMO acquisition, $115 million of that was in the surgery category.
Joseph Wolk: The headwinds in the first quarter, Larry, to be aware in the medical devices, we had approximately 0.4 less selling days, if you will, it's obviously not selling days but procedure days. So that was worth about 60 basis points. And then also in consumer you had about a 50 basis point impact due to some remaining affects from India demonetization as well as Article 94 in China. 
Joseph Wolk: Great, thank you David. And thanks for everyone for their questions and apologies to those we couldn't get to today. I will now turn it back to Dominic for some closing comments. 
