Dominic Caruso: Sure, David. Well, as you know, we don’t provide specific segment sales guidance. But I think it’s fair to point out that we saw acceleration in the back half of 2018 across mostly the entire business and we expect that that will continue through 2018 and we have lots of new product launches, as you know and new product approvals in the pharma business which should help accelerate growth.  With regards to REMICADE and ZYTIGA, again, we don’t give specific guidance on individual products either, but with REMICADE as you know, we saw far less of an impact in 2017 than we had expected. The product is now been on the market for over a year and we do have an additional biosimilar market entrant.  So we would expect that the acceleration of that biosimilar impact to REMICADE, we will see more of that in 2018 than we saw in 2017. But I can’t give you a very specific number. And with respect to ZYTIGA, as I said in my opening comments about sales guidance, we do not expect to see generic competition for ZYTIGA in 2018. 
Dominic Caruso: Well, as you know, Larry, we provide a range of guidance for both sales and earnings and obviously we’ll have to see what happens with ZYTIGA in the ultimate upcoming district court case and others. But we are pretty confident that the range we provided could absorb any impact from ZYTIGA. 
Dominic Caruso: Yes, let me take the second question first, Mike. We – as I mentioned in my comments, we are always constantly looking at our business and making the determination whether the business is sometimes better in someone else’s hands or we can get better value for our shareholders through a divestiture. So, we have considered other assets in that regard. We haven’t disclosed what those assets are for obvious reasons.  And we’ll obviously continue to update our estimates as we move forward with those potential transactions. A very important point to point out though is that it’s also true that whatever gains we experience we will look to obviously redeploy them back in the business which has been our history now for several years and we think that’s the right way to approach these things.  With respect to the operational guidance, excluding acquisitions and divestitures on a organic basis, we did about 2.4% for 2017 and I mentioned 2.5% to 3.5% for all of 2018. The fourth quarter of 2017 was higher than that as you pointed out and I think this just has to do with the ramp of products, particularly in the pharmaceutical business which are continuing to grow, but they are obviously continuing to grow now off of a higher base. So we took that into consideration in our estimate. 
Dominic Caruso: Well, Mike, one thing to point out is that, right, we have $16 billion of cash. Not all of it is readily repatriated back to the U.S. but not because of the U.S. tax code, but because of individual country-by-country restrictions. So, I would say that what we’ve already estimated is that, roughly in the neighborhood of $12 billion of that will come back immediately.  We’ll immediately use that to fund U.S. operations. But as you have pointed out before a year reports, in the U.S. we have a shortfall of cash needs versus cash generation and that’s why we were borrowing in the past. So we’ll no longer need to borrow for U.S. purposes and then the balance of that we’ll immediately pay down debt.  As far as any change to our capital allocation strategy, as a result of having more readily access to the cash, as Alex pointed out, I think our strategy remains the same. We have a very disciplined approach to this.  It starts with investing in our business which we intend to increment, as I mentioned earlier and as Alex mentioned and then obviously the dividend after that remains our top priority and we think we’re already in a very healthy dividend at 50% of our cash flow being paid out to shareholders. So, we’ll evaluate our opportunities on a case-by-case basis and make the best decision that we think promotes the long-term growth and benefit for our shareholders. 
Dominic Caruso: And Bob, one thing to hopefully not to read into too much, because we have the question in light of the perspective of Devices. When we did this portfolio management, it’s across all three of our major businesses and so, we have plans in 2018 for all three of the businesses where assets are being evaluated and we may make decisions with respect to those assets. So it’s not limited to Devices. 
Dominic Caruso: Yes, thanks, Danielle. Well, what I said to the answer the question earlier was that, obviously we have to wait and see what happens with the district court decision which happens later this quarter. But in the end, should ZYTIGA generics come to market, which of course, we are not expecting we intend to defend the patent vigorously. I said that our range of sales and earnings guidance should be sufficiently wide to absorb that impact. I think we are going to look at upside in all of our businesses going forward. But I think the range we’ve provided should be sufficient to offset any impact of a negative ZYTIGA decision. 
Alex Gorsky: Thank you, David. Look, overall, what I would say is that, our strategy around M&A will likely stay quite consistent with what we’ve talked about before and it really starts with unmet medical need. Where do we see there to be significant opportunities to improve care for patients.  What do we see is being value creating and what do we see is being something that we can execute with a high degree of effectiveness and efficiency. Regarding tax reform, what we said from the very beginning is that one of the major reasons in addition to lowering the rate is just frankly the flexibility that it provides us and we think it actually helps make us more competitive, particularly on an international level if we happen to be in a competitive situation with other companies, because now we have greater flexibility on how we can access that cash.  So, we think, net-net, it’s a positive for us. As you heard Dominic mention earlier, regarding the more immediate tax reform impact, we think that the wise thing to do is to invest a good portion of that back into R&D.  If you look over the past several years, the output, the productivity, particularly in our Pharmaceutical pipeline, but also in others of our investments in R&D, we think have been at the high-end and we think ultimately doing that, it will have the greatest impact on our business, will help us to get out to better serve underserved needs around the globe and that’s where we are heading in that direction. 
Alex Gorsky: Larry, as you know, several years ago, we entered into the agreement with Google and Verb and Verily in really creating our significant approach in robotics. What I would say is that, we are excited about that opportunity. In fact, just a few weeks ago, when we were out for the - there for the conference, I got a chance to visit, see the prototype.  I would say overall that it’s on track and we are continuing to make refinements in it, but clearly, we think the area of robotics is going to have an impact on surgery and that’s why we want to make sure that we’ve got a system that is different from those that’s currently offered that we think takes it beyond simply assisting in the surgery to actually helping to improve the outcome of the surgery.  Something that’s more modular, something that’s frankly is more economical and that’s our goal. So overall, the project remains on track with our timelines and we are excited about it. 
Alex Gorsky: Sure, Joanne, thank you very much for the questions. Why don’t I take both of those? Look, I think, big picture what we see going on in our Medical Device business is, 2017 was a year of transition and what we are pleased about is the fact that we saw an increase in the number of launches. In fact, I think we ended up having 16 launches, most of them in the back-end of the year.  We saw improved execution. Given some of the reorganizations that had occurred earlier, and frankly we think that’s also what produced some of the improvement in results sequentially and if you look at fourth quarter or particularly in the hospital medical device division you saw performance of about 3.4%. Now, I think what’s also important to highlight is, this is a business where we’ve got businesses such as EP, which is growing at about 19%.  We saw endo, mac growing at a very healthy rate as well around 14%. We saw areas such as energy and biosurgery growing at about 8% and of course we saw our Vision Care business growing at the core at about 6% with the contact lens, about 5% with the surgery business. So overall those businesses are actually performing quite well.  Of course, offsetting that has been the performance of our diabetes business and some of our specialty surgery areas as Joe outlined earlier. So, overall, we remain very confident in these businesses, but clearly we’ve taken a lot of action regarding innovation, taken a lot of action regarding pruning the portfolio and we’ve taken some action as well to improve execution in the field.  So we think overall it will result in an accelerated growth rate in 2018. If we dig down a little bit deeper regarding orthopedics what we would say is, the spine as we’ve had a delay in some of the product launches that we had in this area. If you recall back over the last several years this was the area likely most impacted by the integration along with Synthes that resulted in the most disruption.  We’ve seen an overall slowdown in this marketplace due to reimbursement issues. So, clearly, we are focused on continuing to launch new innovation and work our way through some of the disruption that we saw earlier. We do have product launches planned for the back-end of this year including an interspace cage as well as some additional plates and screws, as well as visioning devices that we think will improve performance.  So, again, we think there remains a lot of unmet medical need there in an area where we can clearly improve our performance. Regarding knees, we are in the midst now of launching the ATTUNE revision, which we think will be an important addition to the ATTUNE platform and we expect that will result in increased uptake in 2018. 
Alex Gorsky: Hey, Glenn, thank you for the question. And look, we are always considering what could be the impact of new entrants, new competitors or disruptions in any of our channels. To be clear, we are already a partner with Amazon, particularly in our Consumer segment where we sell directly through Amazon, as well as through the ecommerce channels with some of our major retailers that we work with as well as our own.  We are watching closely in areas such as the Medical Device space and the Pharmaceutical space and we’ll respond accordingly. I think, ultimately it’s going to depend on their ability to meet all the regulatory requirements to make sure that customers are getting good transparency around pricing and service levels and we’ll respond accordingly. 
Alex Gorsky: Jeff, regarding the second one, look we are always looking for opportunities across all of our therapeutic areas, the six in Pharma but also all of our other major platforms in both Medical Devices as well as Consumer.  For example, in 2017, we completed about 16 acquisitions. I think we did almost 60 different innovation deals and about over 20 investments from JJDC and again, that represents a very diverse cross section across all of our areas.  And clearly, when we see a gap in our portfolio that’s not meeting customer needs, a good example of that is over the past several years in trauma with the extremity area or where we see new technology such as stroke that allows us to address an area where there is a lot of unmet medical need and a great new approach. So, yes, we are constantly looking across all those different platforms. 
Alex Gorsky: Hey, Jami. Thank you very much for the question. Look, I would pick up where Dominic left off which you look over the past year, we did make over $35 billion worth of investment ahead of this which we felt was the right thing to do. We do that really based upon unmet medical need, either franchise or as a technology complementary to something that we have – that we are already doing or is it an area where we feel that, our R&D clinical regulatory development skills or commercial reimbursement skills frankly can make a difference and ultimately is this value creating.  We said quite consistently over the past few years and I think we’ve acted in a way that we would prefer earlier stage investments and we think across all of our different categories, we demonstrated that whether it’s the next ZYTIGA or IMBRUVICA or the next NEUTROGENA or the next Biosense Webster when we can get a great new technology or innovation or science that we can then ramp up through clinical development or regulatory skills and then launch and create billion dollar platforms and major breakthroughs for patients, that’s our preferred model.  And look, we – at the same time, we do watch competitiveness and what’s going on in different categories which we’ll continue to do this year. But we feel confident in the strength of our pipeline as we talked about. Again, whether it’s in Pharma, with the very high number of line extensions or products we expect to launch over the next several years or our Medical Device space or in Consumer.  We think we’ve got a nice balanced approach between internal and external R&D at about 50% each of them gets in. Ultimately, we’ve also got the flexibility to move depending on what opportunities present themselves, because frankly of the way that we’ve been able to manage our balance sheet, because of our overall strong position, should an opportunity present itself, we can – we always have the purgative to engage at that point in time. So, thanks a lot and I expect that’s the way we will navigate our way through 2018 and beyond. 
Alex Gorsky: Yes, thank you, Bob. Let me start. I would say, yes, we do expect our Consumer business to grow at a faster rate in 2018 than we saw in 2017 and you are correct in that we think some of the market forces, i.e. the shift to ecommerce, shift in some cases to more natural brands, digital types of brands have been more secular in nature and affected all of the large FMCG companies.  That being said, we are not just sitting back. We are making aggressive moves in areas such as ecommerce investments in that shift. As I’ve mentioned before, we are taking the innovation model of a company like Vogue which has continued to do very well as part of Johnson & Johnson and we are trying to export that to other areas in our Consumer innovation to be faster, more agile, even more flexible.  And so, we think that combination combined within some cases just improved execution, particularly in areas like our Baby line that’s going to be going through a major relaunch through the course of 2018 is going to result in improved performance. And by the way, we still have some core areas such as NEUTROGENA, AVEENO, LISTERINE, OTC that we remain very confident in. These are great brands with great science behind them that have also got great consumer loyalty as well as attention.  Now if I switch now to Devices, I believe we’ve been pretty consistent saying that portfolio management can and should be and has been an integral part of our strategy and so for 2018, yes, part of that, we’ve mentioned that we are actively looking at strategic options for diabetes.  But there are also other areas where they have not met our criterion in terms of us feeling as though we’ve got the right competitive position, the right technology going forward or it’s not complementary to one of our existing platforms that it’s not that it’s a bad business or a bad technology, but perhaps it’s better in such a way that in someone else’s hands that we would continue that in 2018 as well. 
Alex Gorsky: Okay, thank you everyone for joining us this morning. We are proud to share our results for 2017, our strong results and we’ve been more excited about the lining up with you and discussing the prospects for 2018 which we are very excited about as well. So, thanks for your continued belief and support and commitment to Johnson & Johnson. We look forward to updating you as we move our way through the year, in particular at the May meeting we will be reviewing our Medical Device and Consumer businesses. And, again, thank you very much and we’ll look forward to continued updates over the course of the year. 
Joseph Wolk: So, Jeff, let me maybe address the first question with respect to immunology and our performance there. If you look at it, we are very pleased with the uptake for Crohn’s and STELARA. You compare to the fourth quarter of last year, we are up about 11 points. Now some of that has come at the expense of REMICADE but only about five points of that. So, overall, we are very pleased with our performance in the GI space for immunology. 
Joseph Wolk: Okay, so, Vamil, with respect to REMICADE in the U.S. specifically, I would say that the volume is still up around the high 90%. So, all of the change that you saw in the quarter of about 9% down was associated with price declines. With respect to data for Esketamine, so there is a couple of different presentations.  There is, as you know, four five trials with respect to that program. I would say, the first long-term safety data to be released is likely going to be the 3002 study. That’s also considered important for short-term efficacy as well as the safety. We would expect that possibly at several events in the second quarter of this year. Thanks for the question. Next question please, Rob and I think this is probably going to be our last one.
Joseph Wolk: Thank you, Danielle, and thanks to everyone for the questions posed today and your continued interest in our company. Apologies to those who we couldn’t get to due to time, but don’t hesitate to reach out to the investor relations team as needed.  I will now turn the call back to Alex for some closing remarks.
