William Weldon: No, I think as you get into 2012, actually, we ended 2011 into '12, you'll start to see things start to accelerate back to what we would expect normal terms to be. And I think if you look at the new products, putting the OTC issues completely behind us, that we feel very, very comfortable on a go-forward basis.
William Weldon: Yes, I think you probably should. I think you'll see a comeback a little bit, Matt. But I think it's really a function of the products that are in the pipeline. I think if you look at it last year, I think -- or the year before, we had three or four products approved last year. We had four submissions we had throughout to go out early this year. So I think we had such a strong pipeline, and we're going to continue to invest at appropriate levels to make sure we capitalize on the opportunities.
William Weldon: Yes, I think maybe I'll talk about Puerto Rico first. I think we're working closely with the FDA to address the issues down there. But I don't think that we can really comment on what's the outcome going to be on that right now. As far as the NEVO question, we're assessing NEVO right now to look at where we're going. We're committed to the cardiovascular market. Right now, if you look at the results NEVO is showing, it's showing very good results. So we're assessing that right now to look to see what we do exactly with that product, but the strong commitment to both the product at this point in time as well as the market.
William Weldon: Yes, I think when you look at what's left to do, we have looked at every product that's internally manufactured, which is around 80% of the total volume of McNeil. So we're now looking at external manufacturers, which shows about 20%. Some of those we've already addressed as you saw with the recall in the past. So most of it is behind us, but we're going through the exact same process with external manufacturers as we did with the internal process. So 80% plus is behind us. We still have to look at those and see if there's anything. As I said, if there's any issues there, we'll address those appropriately. So I would say most of it is behind us, Rick, but there could be a little bit ahead of us.
William Weldon: I don't think if we always talk about lots of different issues out there, and we can't go into a lot of them. But no, I think we've identified and understand what the issues are. We're addressing the issues, and we're going to put them behind us. I think what the CAP has allowed us to work closely with the FDA. I think we have a very good working relationship and resolving the issues as we go forward. But I think it was a myriad of issues that we really can't go into all of them at this point. But I think we've got them a, under control; b, understand them; and c, we're addressing them. And as I said before, the vast majority are behind us. So now we can look forward to getting the products back into the marketplace and being able move forward.
William Weldon: Well, I think we go through, as I said before, very thoughtful assessment of the succession planning. I think we've created the Office of the Chairman, which is something that we've done in the past and allows people to work closely for a protracted period of time. So I think that's the best I can say right now. I think the positive thing about J&J is that you have -- we're committed to continuing to give people exposure, experiences and to develop people so that we can have smooth transitions. And I think when the appropriate time comes, we'll have a smooth transition.
William Weldon: Yes, as far as the emerging markets, I think we're looking at it in all of our businesses. I think in pharma, we've made -- we've looked at some opportunities that we've been able to expand our businesses. And you have to look at both kind of the not really the OTC, but let's call it the OTC market, as well as the RX market. But we have been doing a lot of research in those areas. We have set up a center over there to do clinical trials. We've got a relationship with Nanjing university in China, for example. So we have a lot of work going on. We're also working closely with the governments to get approvals in those areas and to launch new products in those areas. So I think in the pharma area, we're as active as we are in both MD&D and Consumer. Consumer, obviously, we bought a company called Dabao a couple of years ago, which has been very successful for us in China. We set up innovation centers, as well as a lot of training centers throughout both in the eye area as well as the surgical area and diabetes area. And we've set up a lot of manufacturing facilities. So I think where we've moved and make quite a few investments, and you'll see a lot more investment in that area.
William Weldon: Yes, the biosimilars area, it's not an area that we have felt was the right area to be going into it at this point in time. We think that we need to innovate, bring new products to market, and we have such a strong pipeline that we really haven't been worried about the biosimilars area. And we feel that we have to innovate and bring new products out. So that's not an area we've been looking at.
William Weldon: Yes, in a simple word, they underperformed in 2010, especially as you got to the latter part of the year. Part of it I think was a distraction on the whole consumer area with the OTC recalls and looking at resources and resourcing and trying to address some of those areas. I think we're looking at people are refocused now back on their core businesses, making sure they're making the right investments in innovation. I talked about some of the areas of innovation that they're looking at. We also have some disruption in some of the other areas and some manufacturing in 2010 in some of the skin care areas. But I think we should be back on track and look at a positive movement in 2011.
William Weldon: Well, I guess, what I would say is, when you look at -- you look at emerging markets. So we're looking at investments in those areas. Like you have to look at demographics and you mentioned joints. But demographics lead to a lot of areas, joints, cardiovascular diseases, those types of things. But I think as I mentioned up there, we try and work from the bottom up looking at where's the opportunity, where's the unmet medical need. As you look to the future, what are the future is going to be able to lead us, lend us towards, and it's demographics, it's emerging markets, cardiovascular disease, orthopedics, diabetes, these areas. And so I think we continue to look at areas where we can move into those in either expand areas that we have, such as you mentioned, Acclarent, with our surgical business or Tibotec with our Pharmaceutical business or possibly new areas to move into and Tibotec could be putting in that area also, really moving into the infectious disease. So we look at it more from where the opportunities that are going to be out there for the future and what is the opportunity that an acquisition or license would bring to us to afford us to capitalize on those opportunities.
William Weldon: You'd love to say that the economic environment is going to change, but I think it's going to be a challenge for some time. I don't think we're going to come out of it in a year, 18 months. And the other piece of that is I think when you start to see some of the, let's call it compression on pricing or downward pressures, I think, once you get down there, it's very hard to bring it back. So I think we're going to see this come down to kind of a new level set. But I also think that innovation will allow us to be able to bring to get better prices in the marketplace. So if you look at some of the products I talked about earlier, they're real innovative products. Abiraterone, for example, will demand a much higher level. And I think to an earlier question that was asked, I think you're going to see much more need for differentiation of your products in the marketplace to be able to demand those higher prices, and whether that's devices or drugs. But I think as we see the pressure on pricing get to a new level, that's not going to be coming back. That's not going to come back. If it does, it's going to be a long time till it comes back. What will bring back is innovation in new products. So I think the compression is going to be there. And I think a lot of -- Dom talked about. I think if you look at pharmaceuticals in Europe, second half of last year, we really saw a lot of compression on pricing that will continue through into this year and I think into the future. But I think it's going to be the true advances and breakthroughs. If you come out with a non-differentiated product, that's gonna be very hard to get any real price.
William Weldon: Yes, I'd like to thank everybody, first of all, for coming today. But again to reinforce, I think that we have made a commitment to resolve in the OTC products and the manufacturing issues. We're going to put that behind us. I think that's going to be a big positive. And then I think when you look at the investment in the future and the product opportunities we have, I think we feel very, very good about the future. So again, I'd like to thank everybody and wish you a safe trip home. Thanks very much.
Dominic Caruso: Let me comment on those two items first. So with respect to pricing, what I provided was an overall estimation that pricing pressure in the industry, when you take into consideration healthcare reform, European austerity measures and just overall market pricing conditions, would negatively impact pretax operating margins by 0.5% to 1%. That's what I said in my script. But that's the overall pricing contraction in the broad markets around the world. Now in addition to that, the healthcare reform fee that I'm discussing is incremental to that, and healthcare reform fee, as many of you know, will not be reflected in sales by corporations. It's actually a cost. And that healthcare reform fee, that incremental fee that takes place in 2011, which is non-tax deductible, that's an incremental impact to earnings, which we estimate to be worth about $0.06 per share. Hopefully, that clarifies it.
Dominic Caruso: Right. Well, with respect to healthcare reform, there's really no change. We've talked earlier about the fact that in 2010, healthcare reform impacted the industry by about 2% of sales. Our impact was about 3% in 2011. The healthcare reform impact is somewhere in the neighborhood of 4% to 4.5% of sales. That would be our impact on sales. In addition, in 2011, the healthcare reform fee is another 1% to 1.5% of sales, impacting all companies in the industry. And that's reasonably consistent with our earlier guidance back in the early part of 2010 when healthcare reform was established. With respect to overall pricing, we did see acceleration in price pressure throughout the back half of the year. So the overall pricing comments that I made are slightly more intense pricing pressure in 2011 than we have previously indicated.
Dominic Caruso: I think generally speaking, the model of the street have gross margin not as impacted as we would expect it to be. So the gross margin seems to be optimistic, I guess, in the model. And also, all the factors that we just discussed, price and healthcare reform and costs associated with McNeil remediation, all those things together, including an effective tax rate that's higher, as I said, impact of our margins, our net income margin by contracting it from 2010 levels to 2011 by at least half a point, whereas most of the street's estimates are a slight increase in margin from 2010 levels.
Dominic Caruso: Well, maybe this perspective will help. The other income and expense line, the main component of that line is other income related to royalties, so royalty income. And that's generally about $500 million on an annual basis. Now over the years, other items hit that line, like write-offs, asset sales, gains and losses, et cetera. So this year, there were some gains and some lower level of write-offs. Then next year, we expect around the same level. But start with about $500 million of royalty income, which is usually offset by other items, which are very difficult to forecast. We're trying to give you our best guess on where those things might come out.
Dominic Caruso: So generally speaking, across all of our businesses, we estimated that this 53rd week impact last year was worth about two points on the quarter's growth. Maybe about half a point or thereabouts for the year. So of course, each of the businesses vary a little bit from that, but that's an overall estimate for the impact. And then with DePuy in particular, the way I would characterize it is, in knees, price net of mix from fourth quarter 2010 compared to fourth quarter 2009 did not change very much. It was still negative by about a point. Things did not accelerate. In hips, in both worldwide and U.S. hips, price net of mix did negatively accelerate into fourth quarter, with mix being a far a less of an add, if you will, do that mix. And that change, that delta between the two quarters is about three points.
Dominic Caruso: Well, across all the businesses, I could just comment across all the businesses. As I said, about half a point to a point of pretax operating margin as a decrease in price year-over-year. We've experienced price in 2010 as well, as I said, accelerated in the back half of 2010. But nearly a point of pretax margin rose into the price compression is a tough hill to climb when we want to make investments when you saw the significant pipeline that we're building and the launch of these exciting products. So we want to make sure we get through those launches and move those pipelines forward, and then hopefully, get price through better sales growth, of course, in the future as these products hit the marketplace.
Dominic Caruso: So with respect to the revenue, you're right, Mike. It's a good observation. We are forecasting an acceleration to the revenue growth in 2011 versus 2010. Just to give you a little bit of a perspective, you had mentioned the negative 1.3% operational decline in revenue in 2010. Just a few adjustments to that to give you a sense: Pharmaceutical generic impact almost a point; healthcare reform about half a point; OTC recall about a point and a half; and of course, the 53rd week, which we said was two points for the quarter, maybe half a point for the year. So about 2% or a little over 2% base business, we're forecasting constant-currency growth of 2% to 3%. But remember, that includes the impact of CONCERTA and LEVAQUIN. And I mentioned that those are about a point and a half. So the normalized rate, of course, is about 2% in 2010 and somewhere in the 3.5% range for 2011 when you adjust for all those components. You would ask for, why do we only buyback $1 billion? So we typically have an ongoing buyback program. In any event, we buyback share that are issued in connection with employee stock purchase plans. That's always in existence. But the $1 billion is basically completed the authorized $10 billion share repurchase program that we had authorized several years ago. And my guidance does not assume any additional share repurchases in the guidance I provided.
Dominic Caruso: Well, let me take it starting from the top. Let's talk about healthcare reform. When we talk about it in April of 2010 after legislation was passed, of course, we provided guidance for 2010 and not guidance for 2011. But the overall macro picture we provided then was that healthcare reform impact for the industry was about $4 billion in 2010 growing to about $11 billion in 2011. We still think that's exactly the case. The difference is that $8 billion of the $11 billion is reflected in sales, and $2.5 billion or thereabouts of the $11 billion is reflected in the expense line. So no change in terms of overall impact to the industry or impact to Johnson & Johnson. With respect to pricing, I think two components. Yes, hospitals are under pressure, and therefore, pushing back on pricing. And I think that in various segments of the market, there is significant pressure on paying for innovation. So spine is probably the best example of that, where we saw a significant payer pushback. I wouldn't say that's the case across all of the markets that we compete in. And then utilization, we did see MD&D -- I think you were talking about medical device. So in the MD&D market, we expect that the market -- we think the market grew at about 4% overall for 2010, and we think that it's about 6% in the first half and 3% in the back half of the year. And even in that 3% in the back half, third quarter was a little stronger than fourth quarter. So we're expecting that for 2011 this back half of 2010 will continue, at least through the early part of 2011. And it may pick up a little bit towards the back half of 2011.
Dominic Caruso: You're exactly right. We had, early on, estimated it to maybe be in the $200 million range. It's probably a little over $100 million for 2010. But we do see it still accelerating through 2011 and more than doubling from what we saw in 2010.
Dominic Caruso: Well, we've been tracking all the countries and their specific legislative moves and their specific targets. And that's our estimation now based on what they have published.
Dominic Caruso: We did see pricing across many of the franchises throughout the MD&D business, pricing pressure again in the back half of the year. I think it's consistent with the comments that someone made earlier us procedure volumes have slowed down. That's come with it from additional pricing pressure by hospitals.
Dominic Caruso: Right. We still think that the pricing pressure, as a result of European austerity measures, will be more pronounced in the Pharmaceutical business that in the MD&D business. As you know, the MD&D market structure, which is essentially a DRG-based structure provides that there's less direct impact to price from the government. But as tenders come up in these markets throughout Europe, we are starting to see some additional pressure. But I would say, it's much more pronounced than pharma than it is in medical devices in Europe.
