Alex Gorsky: Hey Matt. Thank you very much for your question. And just a quick comment first, I wanted to say how really pleased I am with the performance overall the company not only in Q4 but also for the full year 2016 and frankly how excited we are and confident in our prospects for 2017. I mean, if you look across the different businesses, pharma, medical device, consumer, the announced strategies that we’ve actually had in place now for the past several years, I think our performance has been quite consistent with that. We are ending the year on a strong share note across all of our major franchises and we’ve been able to do that while also investing for the future. You consider more than $9 billion invested in R&D. If you take a look at the other various strategic investments that we’ve made in acquisitions this past year, in our consumer, our medical device, continue licensing options and our pharmaceutical business and then you compound that with some of the efficiencies and the continued path that we are on to making sure that where as effective and as efficient as we can be in our business it really delivered those results and again we think the prospects for 2017 are promising.  As it relates to tax policy, look, I would say that the major themes that we’ve been able to ascertain from our ongoing discussions with the new administration but as well as other stakeholders is they are clearly focused on growing the economy and growing high quality jobs, particularly here in the United States and we believe that any of the potential changes we stated openly that there are many aspects of the blueprint that we think would be very favorable. I think net-net anytime we can get more flexibility by moving two things like a territorial system outside the United States, to be able to invest back here in the United States and other areas, we think that’s a net positive. Clearly, we are being very clear with the need to have an adequate transition. To your point, given some of the investments that have been made in previous tax constructs as well as manufacturing footprint, but so far, I remain very confident in discussions that we’ve had that ultimately we will make changes to the overall tax system that will be a stimulus for growth and that ultimately will help Johnson & Johnson and many other companies grow at an even faster rate going forward.
Alex Gorsky: Sure Matt. Thanks for the follow-up. Look, I think overall, our strategy and our outlook around putting capital or working M&As has actually stayed pretty consistent through the past several years and that is, one, we want to make sure that something is strategically right that fits with our capabilities, two, that financially it’s a sound investment. I think we demonstrated a lot of discipline and a lot of thoughtfulness about the way that we put the capital to work over the past few years. Next we need to just make sure operationally, that it can be done and that our ability to execute on those deals ultimately produces the kind of outcome for customers, produces the kind of value that we think is important. Generally, I think we’ve been consistent with this over the past few years about 50% of our growth comes from external innovation. We think that’s a – it’s a very good cadence. And we’ve been able to do that by the way without compromising our internal innovation. I mean, if you take a look at our freshness index of about 25%, of our sales coming from products that have been launched over the past five years, our continued increase in innovation across our portfolio and another comment that I’d like to make is, also on what areas where we don’t believe we should participate where we don’t feel that ultimately we are helping patients or consumers do a greater degree or that we feel that there is a very strong technology path forward. Many of these are very strong businesses, but perhaps they are better in someone else’s portfolio than ours, I think we’ve shown a good discipline about that over the past few years. As I look across our broader portfolio, we would like to find the next IMBRUVICA, the next DARZALEX. I think we’ve shown a great ability, particularly with our very strong scientific underpinning of being able to identify new opportunities, new mechanisms. We applied a clinical regulatory development expertise and then of course, our sales, marketing reimbursement teams have done a great job of making those new molecules frankly blockbusters. And you think about the fact now that in our pharma portfolio alone, we’ve got 11 brands that are over $1 billion, ten growing at a very strong rate. And you compound that with what we’ve done around line extensions we would like that. We have also said however that there are other areas of significant unmet medical needs where we do feel that either our clinical, our regulatory expertise, our global footprint, our sales and marketing reimbursement capabilities could increase the growth rate. We would also consider those. And I think that’s been our guiding strategy for pharma.  In Medical Devices, look, over the past several years, we’ve divested some businesses, but we’ve also particularly this past year I am proud of the investments that we’ve made in areas like extremities. We made investments in spine and we’ve also made some – obviously what we did in vision care and in cardiovascular. We are excited about that and we’ll continue, I think, that progression to look at portfolio opportunities and devices. And with our Consumer business, I am very proud of the progress that team has made over the last three years, for their - look, mission number one was to make sure that over-the-counter business or quality issues were remediated. We’ve done that, I think the team has done really a remarkable job of meeting all the FDA requirements and by the way, we did that while reinvesting right here in Pennsylvania in the United States, in a plant in Fort Washington that we now feel is world-class and really will set the standard around OTC production going forward. Now, that we’ve made that progress, we of course made the investment in areas like Vogue, and other portions of that portfolio that we think will be generating growth in 2017 and 2018 and beyond.  So, I think at a macro level, that’s the way we look at it. If I take down each one of the franchises that’s my description as well, Matt. 
Alex Gorsky: Yes, thanks, Mike. Look, it’s always a difficult decision and when you look at your portfolio and as I frequently describe, it is little bit like your children, you love all of them just from time-to-time we are trying to make decisions that we think ultimately are in the best long-term interest of our customers, stakeholders and our shareholders and we think diabetes is clearly an area of a lot of unmet medical need, we are very proud of the history and track record we have in blood glucose monitoring as well as insulin pumps and some of the things we’ve been able to do. We are also very proud of frankly the performance that we generated over the past few years in products like INVOKANA, the progress that we made in areas like bariatric surgery that can have a huge difference in the metabolic space. That being said, we do feel that based upon the broader market dynamics, particularly things such as pricing in certain areas has led us to the point where we say the right thing for us to do is to consider strategic options for these three particular areas of the business. I want to be clear, we still are very interested in diabetes and we’ve got a lot of – we think very important, very promising trials coming up in INVOKANA this year in fact. And it’s a space where we’ll continue to work with our Medical Device group, but we think at this point in time, it’s important for us to look hard at these businesses and make sure ultimately that we are making the right investment for the future.
Alex Gorsky: David, thanks for your question. The way that I would frame it as, we are very excited about the opportunities we have going forward in Vision Care. We’ve looked over the past several years and first of all, I want to commend the Vision Care franchise for the work that they’ve done over the last two and three years in contact lenses. If you look at the growth rates, I mean, we ended up with a double-digit growth rate in Q4 by that team and they’ve introduced more than five new product launches. The execution in the field with customers has been outstanding. And frankly, when you think about the broader capabilities that we have in our surgical space and the potential to marry those up with our Vision Care business and of course, when AMO became available, we just thought that was a very good match, strategically and from an operational standpoint and Vision Care, just on a incidence basis, as we look at an aging population and things of that nature, we think that there is a lot of dynamics that would suggest we are going to see strong continued growth and we think we can be frankly be very best eye care company in the world as we continue to evolve that portfolio move ahead.  Diabetes, look, as I said earlier, I am incredibly proud of the work of all of our Johnson & Johnson associates and what they’ve done. We have people, scientists and people in the field that has spent their careers building that franchise. If you take a look at our actual volume share, we’ve maintained a strong position. That being said, there are other dynamics within that market that make it more challenging as – particularly in comparison to other areas in our portfolio. So, I want to highlight the fact that we are still very early days in this. And we are taking a look at a range of options, but we also, as I mentioned earlier, remain very committed in the diabetes space through many of our other areas such as bariatric surgery, such as INVOKANA that continued in ongoing development programs that we have around that. So that’s the way that we think about it.
Alex Gorsky: No, thank you very much for the questions Jami. Look first of all that – healthcare specifically was not a significant topic of discussion that we had yesterday. It really focused more on overall economic growth and as we mentioned earlier one of the things around tax, regulatory and other policies and that those are really the major drivers of the conversation. Clearly, the administration will be looking at healthcare and I think what’s really important in all those conversations that I am sure will be coming, Jami, is that we look at healthcare in total. And the way that I would frame it is that, look, I believe healthcare for all the reasons that we’ve talked about earlier is a growth industry going into the future and while – and we know the drivers of demand and aging population, increasing middle-class around the world, new technology that we are introducing and but, clearly that is going to put strain on the system and what we continue to emphasize is number one, the important role that pharmaceutical is playing in overall healthcare, we mentioned in the comments that pharmaceuticals make up between 10% and 14% overall of healthcare spend. If you look at a lot of studies, it would suggest that 75% of the improvements that we’ve seen and things like mortality, and improvements and things like cardiovascular disease, cancer, HIV, are really due to pharmaceutical. And so we want to make sure that we continue to innovate and by the way I believe a lot of the technology and innovation that we are seeing right now truly has the potential to transform many diseases and move more towards disease interception, cures than what we’ve seen in the previous twenty years. And so I think it’s important to keep that perspective. Two, I think it’s incumbent upon us as an industry to price responsibly. As you’ve heard in the comments that I made earlier, we have attempted to do that. We believe that that has in fact been our practice. We announced some other additional steps that we are taking regarding transparency. We think that’s important for the industry to do and we certainly do not want a few bad actors, I believe to color overall what is I think incredibly important contribution the pharmaceutical industry makes to overall healthcare. And so, that’s what we’ll be working obviously with our other trade partners, directly ourselves to maintain that and again, I remain confident that in the long run the most important thing we can do is continue to bring innovative products to market that make a big difference for patients and consumers and that’s what we are going to focused on doing.  Regarding capital allocation, as you mentioned, we are always looking at a range of options and I think that, what you see is that, our model that we’ve used and I mentioned earlier the approach that we’ve taken in pharma that tends to be bolt-on, takes early licensing opportunities, I would argue has been very successful and I think if you look at the number of launches, the number of billion dollar products that we’ve been able to create during that timeframe, the difference that we made for a lot of patients shows that it is not a surprise as Joaquin will sometimes say, but in fact, it’s rooted in a lot of strong capability. And we would expect to continue that going forward. We look at a range of opportunities and I think we’ve been very clear about five therapeutic areas where we want to focus, because we do think we have strong capabilities there. It’s not to the point of being dogmatic. We challenge ourselves. We do look at large opportunities. We look at very significant transformational changes to our portfolio. We have broad discussions about that with the Board. What I would highlight Jami, is that, I think the large transactions, by their very nature tend to be more challenging. They tend to be more than initiatives that are focused on growth and innovation as the majority of ours have been, they tend to focus on cost-cutting in synergies, operationally, they are just more challenging. And so for all those reasons, we found it to be much more successful to take the earlier stage, the smaller stage companies and add our capabilities that ultimately we have a good strategic and a good financial outcome for the company and for our shareholders.
Alex Gorsky: Yes, Larry, thanks a lot. Look, you are absolutely right. The three primary drivers of our strategy and we believe where the growth going forward and in our current portfolio orthopedics group, our surgery group and our Vision Care group and I think if you look at the underlying health of each one of those franchises, we are really pleased with the fourth quarter and the full year results in 2016. If we take a look at surgery for example, you see EP growing at about 14%. We see some of the other things like endomech, biosurgery, all growing at very strong rates. Hips and knees, we think came in and we are holding gaining share in many of the areas in vision care frankly had an incredibly strong quarter and we think it’s well positioned for growth in spite of even new competition with launches in 2017. So, we think that those franchises are very well positioned. As we look to the future, in cardiology, we are very proud of the success that we’ve had with our EP business. As I mentioned earlier, when you see EP, we probably have about 32, 33 consecutive quarters now I believe of double-digit growth. We’ve had a constant cadence of new innovation. We have done some small tuck-in acquisitions for the year to augment that franchise. But we realize longer term and we’ve been very open with it that we’ll continue to look at the cardiovascular space because we do think there is a lot of unmet need, but it’s one that we’ll have to continue to evaluate strategically, financially to see exactly what is the best path forward. And, so I think – the only other caveat – or it’s not caveat, the statement I would make, Larry, here is, I want to highlight it is early days. Regarding our decision in diabetes, we will look at a range of options. Again, I want to openly state the hard work that team has been doing in a very difficult and challenging marketplace and we’ll keep you informed as we go through that decision process.
Alex Gorsky: Yes, Glenn, Alex here. I would really recommend that as we look at the overall device market, and given some of the changes that Dominic brought up, be it especially in the United States where physicians are employed, holiday, seasonality, things of that, but it’s changing, it’s very important in the device space to take a longer term perspective and I realized in the past that see some quarter-to-quarter variations, I think we will going forward, but if I step back overall and look at what – as the markets continue to develop on an annualized basis, I think we remain very confident in some of the underlying trends. But I think it is important to take kind of longer term view.
Alex Gorsky: Sure, Danielle. Look, we still think there is great opportunities in each one of these sectors and let me just with the pharmaceutical. In 2017, Dominic took you through some of the rationale regarding our guidance but, make no doubt about it, we still remain very bullish on the core fundamentals of our business. If you look at products like STELARA and SIMPONI growing in excess of 20% this past quarter, we got the additional Crohn’s indication with STELARA that we think in and of itself could be a very significant opportunity going forward. If you think about the potential products that we have, guselkumab, sirukumab in the near-term and you compound that with new information that we are certainly hoping for with INVOKANA and you top that off with the future pipeline about ten compounds between now and 2019 and 2020 that we’ll be launching, we are quite excited about that portfolio. And so, while we’ll always be looking for opportunities to add on to it, if we look at that core performance, again we think it’s been quite strong. What we see in the Medical Device is a continued acceleration. I mentioned some of the growth rates earlier around EP, endomech, biosurgery, let alone in some of our core ortho and Vision Care areas, if you compound that with some of the investments that we made, things like AMO, but things like in extremities, in cardiology as well as in spine, we think that’s also going to help us accelerate growth even as we head into 2017. And we think the underlying fundamentals of that business have continued to improve over the past year and Consumer is certainly the same case. We ended the quarter in areas such as Beauty, OTC, wound care, quite strong and when you add that on to the several billion dollars worth of investments that we made with Vogue, but also in other areas we think that franchise is positioned for increased growth prospects as we head into 2016 and beyond. And then on top of that, look, we are going to continue to look for the kind of deals that I have outlined earlier that we think makes strategic and financial sense and that ultimately we can execute on. 
Alex Gorsky: So, thank you all for joining the call this morning. We really do appreciate your participation and questions. And in closing I’d just say that and reiterate our confidence and the strength of our businesses and our optimism for 2017. We look forward to updating you on our progress with delivering on our robust pipeline and commercial success in Pharmaceuticals, accelerating our growth in Medical Devices and capturing share gains and efficiencies in Consumer as we move through the year.  Hope you have a great day everybody. Thank you very much.
Michael Weinstein: Okay, perfect. Well, first off guys, since the audio was off for probably ten minutes, you may want to send around the transcript, just to cover some of the sections that never made it across to everybody.
Michael Weinstein: Yes, let me touch on a couple of items and maybe if I can do this first, Dominic, could you just comment on a couple of pieces of the guidance? The organic top-line outlook for 2017 looks pretty close to where we’re at, but probably a little bit below the Street. Can you just talk about any puts and takes do you want the Street to be thinking about particularly in the pharma business relative to competition, be it REMICADE or the generic competition for Concerta? And then, second down the P&L, Dominic, can you just comment on the other income guidance which is a lot higher than, I think, people were expecting. It looks like you are assuming some sales there. So is there anything there that we should be aware of and then on the tax rate line, your tax rate is a good deal higher than it was in 2016. So if you could comment on that as well? Thanks.
Michael Weinstein: It is, Dominic. Let me ask one follow-up on – and maybe two parts here, so, Alex, could you just talk about the decision relative to the diabetes business, obviously, given the importance of diabetes in the category, not an easy decision to consider other alternatives for the business? And Dominic, can you talk about the profitability of that business and I am asking impart because, if you do end up acquiring Actelion or some other transaction that would be accretive to earnings, if you end up not having the diabetes business, I just want to think about the offset? Thank you.
Dominic Caruso: Sure, sure, Mike. Well, just on the top-line, of course, we always give you constant currency guidance first. So I think it’s important and when I look at the various models that are out there today that have not yet been updated, when I try to peel back the impact the currency it’s pretty clear that our guidance and Street expectations if they were all adjusted for the same currency rates would be pretty much in line. So I think the Street has a pretty good sense of where we are headed in 2017. The major factors in pharma for example, obviously we included the impacts of a REMICADE biosimilar, I think many of you have also done that in your models. We will not see significant competition for other products like ZYTIGA and alike that could go generic by the end of the year, but we don’t think we’ll see any impact there. You mentioned Concerta, we will see an impact there. We’ve already seen some impact there. And overall, I would say, I would characterize the three businesses as pharma, even without the impact of REMICADE biosimilars the growth rate is going to be slower than it was in 2016 just naturally as those products have been in the market for a while now, they’ve achieved pretty good share. They still have room to grow, but the rate at which they grow, it looks like it will be a lot slower in 2017 than in 2016. Medical Devices and Consumer, we think will accelerate the growth in 2017 over 2016. With respect to other income, I mentioned that we had not completed everything that we had expected to complete in 2016, so therefore our actual other income line for 2016 was lower than our guidance, so naturally, we have some carryover into 2017. I want to emphasize though that since we are in the early stage of the evaluations of the diabetes as that line does not include any impact there, because there is no assurance that any transaction will get done in that regard. Nothing in particular that I would call out there. It’s just that our normal review of the portfolio and looking at various aspects of the business, we think are either better in someone else’s hands or we can get more value for our shareholders through a divestiture then of course we will reinvest as appropriately in the business and our guidance considers that as well. The tax rate is higher in 2017 that we ended in 2016. The impact of share-based compensation was greater in 2016 when we first implemented that we expect it will be in 2017, it could change throughout the year and obviously we’ll continue to update you and then as we look at the mix of the business, international jurisdictions versus, domestic jurisdictions, and when you think of a situation where we have more divestiture income than a prior year, those divestitures are usually taxed at the US rate. So that adds to the effective tax rate for the year versus the prior year. So hopefully that’s helpful Mike. 
Dominic Caruso: And Mike, regarding profitability, as you know, you follow the industry closely. The diabetes pricing over the last several years has been challenging and although I think our team has done a nice job of adjusting the cost structure, the level of profitability that business has declined. We don’t give you specific franchise profitability, but it’s been challenging to generate strong profits in the business where there is significant price decline year-after-year. Without commenting on whether or not Actelion would or would not get completed, that transaction should it get completed would be accretive to both top-line and bottom-line and more so more than offset any impact to diabetes. 
Dominic Caruso: We don’t give guidance by product, David, as you know. But I previously commented when you think of the fact that Merck had experienced two years of a biosimilar in Europe and they’ve retained 70% market share after two years. So it’s reasonable to assume 10% to 15% perhaps market share erosion in the first year. Of course, in Europe, it’s much more dramatic, because of the impact of the healthcare system there. So, I think if generally, consensus is in that range that you’ve mentioned, that’s a pretty reasonable range.
Dominic Caruso: Yes, I don’t think anything has dramatically changed. I mean, we are not calling out any particular impact to REMICADE and I think you are all familiar with the fact that we are going to see some slower growth throughout many of the pharma brands that have done exceptionally well up to this point. I just remind you that, we had a very significant impact with hepatitis C, not too many years ago and we did call that out, because that was very significant. The impact to REMICADE biosimilars is nowhere near that level of impact. So I don’t think anything has changed dramatically, Larry, just sort of pace of growth in each of the businesses as we look into 2017 it’s still going to be good, but as I said pharma, just a bit slower than it was in 2016.
Dominic Caruso: Yes, Glenn, we don’t have all the data for the fourth quarter in yet, but the projections that we looked that are published do show a improvement in fourth quarter utilization over third quarter utilization and as I said during the third quarter call, we did see a slowdown. It looks like it was in the summer months, and as September rolled around, it picked back up again. We don’t have specific details by month in the fourth quarter that’s reliable yet to comment on. But overall, fourth quarter utilization does look better than we saw in the third quarter. I wouldn’t say it’s dramatically improved. I mean, we are still in very low single-digit year-over-year uptick in utilization. With respect to seasonality, we do see a phenomenon and that now, as you know, more surgeons are actually employees of hospital systems in the US that during what would be considered normal holiday period such as summer months or holidays, typical holidays that we do see less procedure volume, because it appears that there is more sort of vacation time et cetera taken by the profession that was previously the case when they were independent in running their own business so to speak as opposed to being employees of a larger institution. So we are seeing that kind of seasonality and you are right, sometimes you see an uptick when people try to fulfill or postpone I should say procedures to later in the year, so they can get their procedures in and have already achieved their deductible and other matters and then pay for the expensive or not to have to pay for the expensive surgery upfront. So we are seeing that dynamic as well. So I think this is going to change over time and it’s beginning to change now as we see the dynamics in the market.
Dominic Caruso: Yes, Josh, we had commented on this before. We did not see any significant impact uptick in business as a result of the implementation of the Affordable Care Act. Certainly there was not much of an impact at all in the Pharma business on our Device business because of the nature of the type of device products we have, we did not see much of an impact. So therefore, any change going in the opposite direction, we don’t think will be negative. We did see an impact in terms of the cost associated with the Affordable Care Act, but as we said before, we’ve incurred approximately $1.4 billion between the pharmaceutical fee, increased rebates et cetera even excluding the currently postponed medical device tax. So we’ll have to see when new legislation is announced, whether or not these fees and cost associated with the Affordable Care Act remain or if they are authored at any way. But those have already been incorporated in our business. We’ve adjusted our cost structure accordingly and we have that fully baked in to our 2017 guidance as continuing as they currently are.
