Dominic Caruso: Sure, Mike. Well, we did have growth in the first quarter for pharma, reasonably consistent with fourth quarter growth of nearly 7.5%. And we did see a couple of factors that we were tracking. One was the continued erosion of REMICADE which in the first quarter was little higher than we expected. But that has to do with an adjustment as Joe mentioned with the one of our payers being delayed in requesting a true-up of the rebates. So we don’t expect that that particular phenomenon is going to continue throughout the balance of the year, so the normalized erosion 16% is then therefore pretty consistent with what we expected. ZYTIGA did very well in the quarter. It started to do well, last year as a result of the LATITUDE data. It continued. I think that's a product that's continuing to improve patient's lives. Physicians are impressed with the data. And I'm happy to report obviously that we just launched ERLEADA as a follow-up. As I said, we don't expect that we’ll see generic competition for ZYTIGA this year. So, we have it in our plans to continue to grow. Much of our guidance increase is related for the stronger performance of pharma. So as you know we don't give very specific guidance by sector. But I can tell you that the pharma business is driving most of our upbeat outlook for the remainder of the year.
Dominic Caruso: Yes, Mike. It’s a great question. I think if you look at knees and hips. Hips, we feel is still very well received in the marketplace. The ACTIS stem from everything we hear is qualitatively very strong. We do think that there was a selling day impact of roughly a point in orthopedics impacting the U.S. And there's also like qualitative or anecdotal suggestions that a rough flu season also impacted surgeries this quarter. With knees, we think we’ll improve performance as we go throughout the year. As we come up with the ATTUNE Revision entering that the marketplace ATTUNE S+ as well as cementless offerings. So, I would say, it’s a mixed bag that the market was a little bit softer due to some ancillary factors, but there’s also some product performance that we can do as the year progresses.
Dominic Caruso: Sure. Well, we saw very good cost of goods sold performance in the first quarter. It was down 140 basis points, has to do with the mix of the products sold, but also the great work that’s done in our supply chain to be more efficient in manufacturing. We also have as you saw relatively a slower increase in the rate of selling marketing and expenses in relation to the rate of sales increase. So we’re still investing there. But we’re obviously leveraging the business in terms of productivity that’s particularly pronounced our pharmaceutical business. And then the other income and expense line, we have a lower expectation. Now simply due to the timing there’s a number of activities that we undertake. Each year we look to – obviously look to further enhance our portfolio by exiting some lower growth categories or brands or products and entering new ones. And they are always difficult to predict, Josh, and we just think that some of them will move over into 2019. We’re still on track with many of them, but we’ll probably see some more in 2019 than in 2018. And so, we decided it will be prudent to just lower that expectation. Again, completely offset by the stronger performance in the business and improved pretax operating margin as I just mentioned.
Dominic Caruso: Well, Josh, just to put it in perspective, I mean, there are areas within the medical device business that are really very strong, right. So our vision business is doing exceptionally well. Electrophysiology doing exceptionally well, endocutters doing well, our trauma business is back on track. And so having said that we do have areas where we need to improve and we’ll improve in those areas through a number of factors. As we've always done at Johnson & Johnson over the years. A good mix of internal innovation and acquisitions and new technologies, I don't think that's ever been an issue for us. We’ve always been able to do that. And you will obviously talk more about it on May 16 when you’ll get to hear from the leaders of the business who are responsible for their business both on what's happened in the market and with our products and the enthusiasm they have for the launch of new products and new areas that they’re getting into, so I look forward to joining you for that and we’ll hear a lot more about that than.
Dominic Caruso: And Geoff, I think undoubtedly our strategy in pharma has been very successful for a long period of time which includes a good mix of internal and external development and quite frankly they are picking the right products and collaborating with others in some very important areas like in oncology. So good examples are IMBRUVICA and DARZALEX are two really good examples. And we’ll continue to do that. We just announced the collaboration with Bristol-Myers Squibb on a new anticoagulant, mechanism of action of Factor XIa.  So that is been the hallmark of our success in pharma and I think that'll continue. The pipeline is very strong. We’re now -- eight more products we intent to file between now and 2021, each having a billion-dollar potential. Having said that, there maybe times when there's an opportunity to do a great deal in pharma like we did with Actelion. And that depends on the right price with the right partner at the right time. And we think that generates value for our shareholders, we’ll do that. But I would say, we have a very, very good, solid pipeline already and our collaboration strategy has proved to be remarkable and I think that'll continue as the primary way of growing the pharma business.
Dominic Caruso: Well, I think the way to think about the first quarter there's a few things that will not continue. For example, in the first quarter we had some timing of tenders in Europe. So you see the very strong pharma performance in Europe that has a lot to do with the timing of tenders in Europe and that obviously doesn’t continue with every quarter. We also had this particular adjustment that we talked about that was negative in first quarter, a catch up on rebates from one of the major payers. And we do expect that we’ll see an acceleration of TRACLEER and PROCRIT generic erosion going into the balance of the year. At the same time, we expect that medical devices will continue to accelerate as well as consumer. So overall we had some puts and takes in the first quarter. We've increased our overall guidance about a half a point from our current -- from the previous expectations and we’ll update you more obviously as we see second quarter results. But overall I think we're in great shape and I'm pretty confident we’re going to deliver on a good solid year of this year as we did last year.
Dominic Caruso: Yes, well Danielle just to clarify, so $30 billion invested in R&D and capital investments in the U.S. which is a 15% increase over the prior four year period. And in terms of the mix, I think we will continue to look for productivity from our incredible efforts in R&D particularly in the pharma business where we investment at the higher rates in the industry in R&D. So I think we’ll continue to maintain that, we’ll continue to do as I said earlier to an earlier question collaborate, and bring on both on our products in pharma as well as cross medical devices, but you know look 50% of our growth over long periods of time has come from acquisitions, have come from external enabled growth and I don’t think that will change going forward. It’s just a matter of the right asset at the right price that will create value for shareholders. I don’t see a major shift in our strategy in that regard.
Dominic Caruso: Sure, well Larry this 1.5 to 1.7 is lower than our previous guidance as you know and that’s because of timing primarily so some of the activities are going to shift into 2019, so that gives us quite a head start on that line if you will for 2019. And we are going to continue to look at optimizing our portfolio. When we do that, we have these gains and we typically use some of those gains to invest back in the business, so you see a higher, much higher level of R&D investment if you compare it to any prior period when the line is lower in prior period. So it’s not always just driving earnings, in fact it utilized it’s basically a portfolio decision. We’re investing in new products, with the gains that we get from divesting products. I think that will be the case going forward. I think the 500 to 600 that I mentioned earlier is still a good underlying number for that line, and as I mentioned we’re seen improvements in our pretax operating margin and we expect that will continue to grow as the consumer business ramps back up and the medical device business improves and obviously the continued strength of Pharma, so even if that line is a little bit lower going forward we have the higher pretax operating margin which will drive our earnings growth. As you know Larry, we generally look to grow our sales at a better pace that’s faster than the markets we compete in, but then we also look to grow our earnings at a pace that slightly faster than the rate of growth in sales, I think will continue to do that through the right mix on the P&L.
Dominic Caruso: Thanks Joe. And I want to sincerely thank all of you here in the room with me and listening on the phone for the tremendous support partnership you’ve given me and Johnson & Johnson each and every quarter. It’s hard to believe this is the 46th quarter that I’ve done this. So it’s been a pleasure. I also want take one more opportunity to express my confidence and our guidance for this year, the overall success of our business, and I’m very optimistic about the future of Johnson & Johnson. I look forward to seeing you all on May 16 at our consumer and medical device business review day. Thanks for joining us today and have a great day.
Joaquin Duato: Yes. Thank you, Jami for the question. Let me start by saying a couple of headlines on the quarter of the pharmaceutical group. It was another strong quarter with above market growth, 15.1% growth and 7.5 when you exclude Actelion acquisition. And one of the important factors of this growth is that it was global both in the U.S. and international. And it was broadly based with eight of our key products growing double-digit. Importantly, also we made significant progress in our recently launched products and also in our pipeline TREMFYA with 72 million of sales in the quarter and 17% new-to-brand share in psoriasis in December is outpacing the anti-AL-17 class competitors, ERLEADA was also approved in February and we are seeing good uptick of ERLEADA with 80% of prescription coming from urologists. And I’m also looking forward to the anticipated filing of esketamine in the second half of 2018. And you’re going to see more data on this promising medicine in a few weeks at the APA Meeting. Finally let me get into your question about Actelion. And the answer is, Actelion is delivering as expected. We knew about the TRACLEER generics outside of the U.S. and we also expect to have TRACLEER generics in the U.S. later this year. However both OPSUMIT and UPTRAVI are posting a strong demand growth and we anticipate that this performance is going to improve for both OPSUMIT and UPTRAVI during the year moving forward. So, let me give some details on OPSUMIT, OPSUMIT has new-to-brand share on the ERA category in the U.S. of 48% and in Europe of 60% demonstrating that even in the face of TRACLEER generics OPSUMIT is the preferred agent. We have 91% PREZCOBIX and 97% in commercial, showing that we have broad access in the U.S. So we are pleased about the progression of OPSUMIT and we anticipate that that we are going to continue to progress moving forward. And when it comes to UPTRAVI the new-to-brand share in the prostacyclin category is also 66% and we continue to make progress with it. And working in educating physicians about data of the study – the GRIPHON study indicating that earlier use of prostacyclin could have benefit. So we see positively the results so far and we anticipate that they are going to improve as the year progresses.
Joaquin Duato: Thank you for the questions, Glenn. Let me start with the general one on pharmaceutical pricing overall. As you mentioned, we expect that there’s going to be an announcement on pricing by President Trump and that announcement will resemble the drug pricing policies including in the President’s budget and the Council of Economic Advisers' report. Those policies were generally seeking to increase competition and to reduce out of pocket cost for patients while recognizing the value of innovation. We also understand that the announcement will include the request for information from the public on drug pricing issues and we are looking forward to participate there. Going into our pricing in the U.S and to your question on how do we see pricing trends for us in the U.S? We see that if you exclude REMICADE and the one-time adjustment that was referred by Joe earlier, we see a continuation of the trends that we have seen in the previous quarter. So we don’t see a big change from what you saw in previous quarters. Specifically in your question of ZYTIGA, the increase of ZYTIGA is generally demand and share-driven. With the approval of LATITUDE we have seen a very significant growth of ZYTIGA in the U.S. and ex-U.S. with 53% growth year-over-year, 75% in the U.S. and 37% ex-U.S. AS a reminded, 55% of the sales of ZYTIGA are realized outside of the U.S. So the demand of ZYTIGA is very much shared and market-driven. When it comes to XARELTO, there is two factors that have influence XARELTO this quarter. The first thing I have to say is that, it grew 13% and it also gain share when you look year-over-year, so we gain 1.6 points of share in the anticoagulant market. When we look at the comparison with the previous quarter there are two factors that influence in. The first one is that we had an inventory build at the end of the third quarter due to Hurricane, Maria supply issues that we have burned in the first quarter. And the second one is that it happens every beginning of the year, every first quarter of the year, the new access agreement seeking and that also impacted our first quarter sequential comparison. So in general as I said we exclude the REMICADE situation. We see the pricing environment overall been similar to the trends we experienced in the previous quarters.
Joaquin Duato: Okay. So thanks for the question and thank you asking about DARZALEX. As you’ve seen this actually been a very rapid uptake. With adoption both in the hospital and in the clinic, to-date in the U.S. we have had already 21,000 patients treated DARZALEX. And as you have seen we are posting a strong growth with 64% in the quarter. Largely this is due to our increasing share in line two in which we had in the first quarter, 24% of new-to-brand, so, really are very positive result. What is going to be the next growth driver? As you mentioned it’s going to first-line. We are expecting the approval of our first-line indication in the U.S. in this first couple of the year and that is the study that we are comparing with BMP. And then we also are expecting that data read of our additional first-line studies, the one with REVLIMID and the one in transplant eligible later this year. So that body of data in first-line is going to be the driver of future growth of XARELTO or excuse me, of DARZALEX. What is interesting to see is that in every single study that we have done with DARZALEX we have add DARZALEX to different combos. DARZALEX has always in every single one including the ALCYONE has always been able to double the PFS and to triple the MRD showing the synergistic effect that DARZALEX had in every treatment regimen. So we are very positive about how DARZALEX is doing. And we believe that as you mention the next wave of growth with DARZALEX is going to come with adoption in first-line subsequent to the approval that we’ll have in this first half of the year.
Joaquin Duato: If we look even forward the next – the other important event with DARZALEX for the first-line approval it’s going to be the subcu formulation. We have now four ongoing Phase III studies with the subcu formulation and we expect the filing before 2021. So that would create another opportunity for DARZALEX to improve patient convenience and to continue to grow adoption.
Joaquin Duato: So thank you for the question on XARELTO [ph]. We are very also excited about COMPASS and the COMPASS result. As you recall, we presented the COMPASS results at the ESC in August last year and the results were impressive with 24% risk reduction in MACE. We filed in December and we are anticipating potential approval in the fourth quarter of this year. Regarding an Advisory Committee, I cannot comment on that, we don’t know. So what is the market opportunity and the relevance and significance of COMPASS. As we have discussed with you in the past, this is a population of about 10 million potential patients you know that that those would be lower 2.5 milligram in combination with aspirin [ph] and it’s a new treatment paradigm, so we are very excited about being able to bring this new therapeutic option here. It’s also important from my competitive perspective. We are the only new oral anticoagulant that has this broad development program called Explorer that contains a reduction in MACE for CAD/PAD patients but also all indications that I will comment and that will enable us to do a couple of important things. First, have a new grow driver for XARELTO in addition of the existing set of indications. Second, differentiate ourselves from the competition and in that case gain share in the particular anticoagulant market. And third, as we will be the only one to have this indication we have differentiated those, also have a stronger position vis-à-vis the payers. So we think it’s a very significant opportunity for us. And as I said this is only part of multiple Phase III indications seeking a study that we have in XARELTO. So COMPASS is one, but if I can refresh your memory there, you know that we also have the MARINER, the COMMANDER studies that will read this year, respectively, in medically ill patients and congestive heart failure that also represent a very significant opportunity to upgrade the standard of care of anticoagulation in these patients. So overall, the EXPLORER program that is going to start with the COMPASS study it’s going to be a growth driver for XARELTO that is going to put us in a much better position moving forward from that competitive perspective.
Joaquin Duato: Yes, so Bob with respect to the price, that was U.S. only, and we provided this quarter pure price. In the past we put it in with mix but then we found out that you and your peers would simply ask for it on the follow-up cost, so we thought it was just little bit more clear. In terms of overall pure price trends, we haven’t seen any deviation from what’s consistently been in place for the past few quarters. And at the upcoming medical device and consumer day, we will have a dedicated portion of the program on surgical robotics. We’ll talk about the current status of the venture that we have with -- through with Verily. We'll give you as much as we can, a description of the current state of the of the robot. We’ll show you some aspects of it of course, we want to be careful as to the competitive issues that that could raise, but I feel you’ll get a good understanding of where we are, how it works, how it’s different and we’ll also talk about Orthotaxy, the new knee robotic technology that we just acquired, Bob. So that will be a dedicated portion of the session to bring everyone up to date.
