Jessica Moore: Good morning. This is Jessica Moore, Vice President of Investor Relations for Johnson & Johnson. Welcome to our company's review of the 2023 second quarter business results and full-year financial outlook. Joining me on today's call are Joaquin Duato, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Joe Wolk, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer; and Erik Haas, Worldwide Vice President of Litigation. A few logistics before we get into the details. As a reminder, you can find additional materials, including today's presentation and associated schedules on the Investor Relations section of the Johnson & Johnson website at investor.jnj.com. Please note that today's meeting contains forward-looking statements regarding among other things, the company's future operating and financial performance, product development, market position and business strategy, and the anticipated separation of the company's consumer health business. You are cautioned not to rely on these forward-looking statements, which are based on current expectations of future events using the information available as of today's date and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that may cause the company’s actual results to differ materially from those projected. A description of these risks, uncertainties, and other factors can be found in our SEC filings including our 2022 Form 10-K, which is available at investor.j&j.com and on the SEC website. Additionally, several of the products and compounds discussed today are being developed in collaboration with strategic partners or license from other companies. This slide acknowledges those relationships. Moving to today's agenda. Joaquin will open with a few comments highlighting business performance achievements in the quarter and outlook for the remainder of the year. I will then review the second quarter sales and P&L results for the corporation and highlights related to the three segments. Joe will then provide additional business and financial commentary before sharing an overview of our cash position, capital allocation priorities, and updated guidance for 2023. Finally, Erik will provide comments regarding the talc litigation. The remaining time will be available for your questions. To ensure we provide enough time to address your questions, we anticipate the webcast will last approximately 75 minutes. I am now pleased to turn the call over to Joaquin.
Jessica Moore: Thanks, Erik. This concludes the prepared remarks section of our call. I will now turn the discussion over to the Q&A portion of the call. Kevin, can you please provide instructions for those wishing to ask a question.
Jessica Moore: Thank you, Louise, and thanks to everyone for your questions and your continued interest in our company. We apologize to those we couldn't get to because of time, but don't hesitate to reach out to the Investor Relations team with any questions you may have. I will now turn the call back over to Joaquin for some brief closing remarks.
Erik Haas: Thank you, Joe. On Tuesday, July 18th in the case of Valadez v Johnson & Johnson, a jury in Alameda County, California ruled in favor of the plaintiff on this talc product liability claims. We intend to pursue an appeal based on the erroneous rulings by the trial judge that prevented us from sharing with the jury critical facts that demonstrate that plaintiff's exceedingly rare form of mesothelioma was not caused by baby powder. Without the benefit of that evidence, the jury rendered a verdict that is irreconcilable with a decades of independent scientific evaluations confirming Johnson's baby powder is safe, does not contain asbestos and does not cause cancer. The research, clinical evidence in over 40-years of studies by independent medical experts around the world continue to support the safety of our cosmetic talc. The verdict award will not be paid, while the bankruptcy proceeding continues, and this decision has absolutely no impact on that process, which has the support of lawyers representing the majority of claimants. We remain focused on all claimants having the opportunity to vote and decide for themselves on a -- our plan to compensate them in a timely and efficient manner. Looking ahead with respect to the bankruptcy re-filing by LTL, the bankruptcy judge is expected to rule by August 2nd the motion to dismiss hearing that took place in the last week of June. In addition, a hearing on the motion for LTL's proposed, reorganization plan and voting procedures process, and the path forward is scheduled for August 22nd. As we previously stated, Johnson & Johnson stands by its physician that is talcum powder products are safe as confirmed through decades of numerous independent scientific tests and studies. I would now like to hand the call back over to Jess.
Erik Haas: Larry, hi it's Erik. Thanks for the question. If Judge Kaplan dismisses the bankruptcy, we will be back in the tort system, and in that scenario we intend to fight the claims aggressively. And indeed, based upon the indicated decades of scientific support for the safety of our talc products, the fact that our talc products do not contain asbestos and the fact that our talc products do not cause cancer, we feel very confident in our ability to continue to prevail in the vast majority of claims as we have done in the past in the tort system.
Erik Haas: Yes. Thanks, Joe. From a litigation perspective, I could say that no other biosimilar is better positioned in our view than Amgen or Alvotech would be. So we would not anticipate any other biosimilar having the opportunity or ability to enter the market before those two.
Erik Haas: Turning to the question with respect to the number of claimants. Good and important question. The most recent update comes from the hearing on the motions to dismiss that finished on June 30th. And I would refer you to the post-trial findings of fact and conclusions in law that were filed last night that really detailed the evidentiary record that was elicited during the hearing. Based upon that testimony that was elicited and the evidence that went in, we are now looking at approximately 60,000 claimants in support or lawyers who represent 60,000 claimants in support of the plan and lawyers who represent about 40,000 claimants in opposition. So the numbers right now show that the vast majority of claimants support the proposed plan. Based upon the testimony during that hearing from the lawyers that support those claimants, we are confident that, that support will not waver. And we do anticipate that additional support will be coming forward.
Erik Haas: And with respect to the talc suits, we don't anticipate additional individual actions to go up for it outside the bankruptcy. Judge Kaplan lifted the stay only with respect to that one particular case, the Valdez case. Indeed, subsequent to that, he denied a request from the same counsel to lift the stay on another case. So currently, I would not anticipate any other case to go forward in advance of a ruling on the motion to dismiss.
Joaquin Duato: Thank you, Larry, and thank you for complimenting us on the results on the first quarter and also on the MedTech ones. When it comes to the MedTech results, the growth in the first-half of the year was north of 8%. So this is a continuation of the sustained improvement in our performance that we have had in the last couple of years in which we have grown at or above our competitive composite. When we think about the dynamics that are driving our growth, which are multiple. One is the recovery in the overall market procedures, which is helping our improved commercial execution and very especially the cadence and flow of new product launches that we are having in the market. We see our trajectory in MedTech in the first-half of the year continuing in the second-half of the year. So we expect a similar trajectory for MedTech in the second-half of the year.
Joaquin Duato: Thank you. And with respect to MARIPOSA, nothing has changed. We -- this is an event-driven study with a final analysis expected as we said by the end of 2023 with a potential to be presented at a major medical meeting in 2023. We remain excited about the potential of RYBREVANT in combination with lazertinib to become a new standard-of-care in first-line non-small cell lung cancer with EGFR mutations. And we are looking forward to be able to present these results in due time in a medical meeting potentially this year.
Joaquin Duato: So as I commented in the earlier question, we are pleased with the strength of our MedTech business in the first-half of the year with 8% growth. We -- this is driven by market growth, which we believe it's also slightly elevated this year due to the clearing of the COVID-19 backlog. And at the same time, as I commented to our improved commercial execution and the introduction of new products. Of note, of our $12 billion platforms in MedTech, all of them have grown during the first-half of the year. And we are being quite successful in introducing some important new products in all segments of our business. For example, if I start with electrophysiology, that grew north of 25% in the quarter. We have introduced a new mapping catheter OCTARAY and also a new treatment catheter QDOT, which, as you know, Joanne, we presented results about QDOT. So we increased efficacy and procedure efficiency, too. If we move into Vision, we are in the middle of the launch of ACUVUE OASYS MAX, which is doing well and also the launch of our TECNIS Eyhance, the first mono-focal intraocular lens, which is progressing also very well. Moving into Orthopaedics. The good news is that we have received CE Mark and CA Mark for our Robotic-Assisted System VELYS. And we continue to have an enhanced portfolio of knees and hips with our Cementless knees, the Medial Stabilized and in the area of hips with hip navigation and the recent addition of CUPTIMIZE and we see our market position there also progressing. And moving forward, we will continue to see good evolution also in Orthopaedics. Finally, in Surgery, we continue to enhance our endocutter and our energy portfolio with the launch of ENSEAL jaw curved and also with the launch of ECHELON 3000 in the stapler side. So overall, good reception of our new products. That portend well for a continuation of growth, as I said before, in the second half of the year. And we look forward also to the different readouts of our PFA pipeline, which as we have announced, we have completed the enrollment of our dual energy catheter, which is going to be offering the physicians the comfort of a catheter that is the most well used with the option of having both radio frequency and PFA to adapt to every patient anatomy. And then on the robotic side, we will provide you more updates on our progress on OTTAVA, our soft tissue robotics system, before the end of the year as we committed. And we have also good news on our Monarch system that has already started with the first patient treated in removal of kidney stone. So overall, good progress during the year. Clearly, our MedTech business is doing well, delivering competitive growth. And we have good news in innovation as the year moves forward.
Joaquin Duato: Thank you, Chris. And let me start with your first question. We have always been confident on the fact that we will reach our $57 billion target by 2025 as we announced back in 2021. And certainly, what we are seeing now increases and reinforces and enhances our confidence. On one hand, you're seeing the progression of our pharmaceutical portfolio and our existing products with excellent results in DARZALEX, TREMFYA and ERLEADA, also in our pulmonary hypertension franchise and in our long-acting injectable antipsychotic franchise, which are key products in this period. We are very pleased with the trajectory of our new product launches, including CARVYKTI, TECVAYLI and SPRAVATO. If I focus on CARVYKTI, you see a clear improvement quarter-over-quarter in CARVYKTI, which reflects improvements in supply. In TECVAYLI, you see also a clear improvement of note. When we look at the TECVAYLI launch, align data with DARZALEX in the addressable patient population. TECVAYLI it’s having a faster introduction. And finally, SPRAVATO, which is doing well. And now we see SPRAVATO as a $1 billion plus product, and you're seeing the results this quarter also reaching close to $170 million. If we look at our pipeline and the products of the pipeline that are going to impacting this period, we are expecting the PDUFA date of talquetamab, our GPRC5D CD3 bispecific antibody, which is going to give another option in the treatment of multiple myeloma. And we continue to progress and execute well in some of the key products in our pipeline. I commented on RYBREVANT and the combination of Lazertinib, as you know. We received fast track destination for the three key indications of milvexian, our Factor XI oral anticoagulant that we are working in collaboration with Bristol-Myers Squibb. We presented very positive data about TAR-200 in non-muscle invasive bladder cancer in meeting in the American Urological Association. And we also -- when it comes to CARVYKTI, we were very pleased to show the data on CARTITUDE-4. We are filing the BLA now, both in Europe and in the U.S. And we are expecting to show you some data on nipocalimab in rheumatoid arthritis. We also have already presented in hemolytic disease of the features of the new wall. So in every angle of the products that we highlighted as the core products of our pipeline, we are executing well. Plus we recently presented in the World Congress of Dermatology our data in our oral IL-23 receptor antagonist peptide, which show great efficacy in psoriasis. And we have announced plans to continue developing into psoriasis and also a Phase 2 study in ulcerative colitis. So overall, when I look at the picture for 2025, we have increased confidence based on our portfolio, in our new product launches and how we are executing on our pipeline. But now I would like to look even beyond ‘25 if you allow me, Chris, because 2025 is very close. It's only three years from now. So what I think is what you are seeing with this renewal of our portfolio is a very strong position for Johnson & Johnson in Pharmaceuticals beyond 2025. And that's something that we need to highlight, and I think it's important for everybody to recognize. This is going to put us in a great position beyond 2025.
Joaquin Duato: So let me start with the MARIPOSA. No, I mean, we are -- as we communicated, we are moving into a final analysis by the end of the year, potentially presenting the data at the end of the year.
Joaquin Duato: Yes. So thank you for the question. And the answer is nothing prevents us from doing that. As a matter of fact, our aspiration in myeloma is that with the portfolio that we have today with DARZALEX, TECVAYLI, talquetamab and CARVYKTI, we would be in a position to have three out of every four patients starting in Janssen containing regimen by the end of this decade. So that's our aspiration in myeloma. Our aspiration is that there is a Janssen regimen for every line of therapy and a Janssen treatment for every patient irrespective of their characteristics. And that's the way we are planning our development. Certainly, DARZALEX being a backbone of therapy, first line and also in combination with multiple agents and then sequencing into CARVYKTI and talquetamab and TECVAYLI, which we are studying in combination with DARZALEX and also in combination among each other and sequencing among them. So ultimately, our goal when it comes to multiple myeloma is to be able to sequence our medicines, combine them in a way that we are changing the treatment paradigm from treating to progression to treating to cure. And that is a big, big, big plus in our portfolio. And as I have commented often, multiple myeloma is the core of our Pharmaceutical franchise and the number one growth driver that is going to be for 2025 and beyond. There's more factors that give us optimism about the business potential of this area is that as we combine and as we seek those treatments, the treatment duration itself is going to be significantly increased. So we overall foresee great patient and growth opportunity as we look to combine all these modalities, as I said, in order to be able to convert multiple myeloma into a chronic disease.
Joaquin Duato: Yes. Thank you, Danielle. And before I go there, let me say that the Abiomed integration is progressing really well. The growth of Abiomed, it's been 20% on the quarter and we continue to move forward with the enrollment in the key PMA studies, PROTECT and STEMI DTU as well as the Impella ECP. So everything is moving well according to plan in the Abiomed integration. And we are increasingly convinced that this is going to be a key component of our MedTech strategy in becoming a leader in heart recovery. So when it comes to M&A, look, we continue to look for opportunities. And our number one criteria in looking for opportunities is the medical innovation, how they improve patient care, how do we see the science behind the product. So we are agnostic in that sense to MedTech and Pharmaceuticals. It's all about identifying areas that are going to have a significant impact in patient care. When it comes to MedTech, certainly, as we have commented, we are continuing to look forward for opportunities to grow into areas that are close to where we are today. Vision, cardiovascular obviously, surgery too and also opportunities in certain high-growth segments of Orthopaedics. And we normally will continue to look for these opportunities, trying to have a good return on capital, as well as things that are close to our existing expertise. When it comes to Pharma, our history in tuck-ins, in license and collaboration has been very successful. As a matter of fact, external innovation represents about 50% of our pipeline. And while we will continue to look for opportunities like we have done now with Cellular Biomedicines and the agreement that we have too in CAR-T, we are not averse to other transactions of larger size. Evidently both in MedTech and in pharma, we are very disciplined with our capital allocation. And all our transactions will have to clear certain financial milestones for us to be able to move on. But M&A and also licensing acquisition collaborations remains a key factor in our growth moving forward.
Joaquin Duato: Yes. So let me start with the IRA. Obviously, we remain very concerned about the government price-setting environment that the IRA creates, which we believe creates a significant disincentive to innovation without addressing the core problem, which is patient access. So it is a significant concern for us. And that's one of the reasons, as we commented earlier, that we have filed a lawsuit versus the IRA. So that's important for us. Then when it comes to the actual business impact, I think it's still early to be able to calculate it, given the fact that many of the rules and procedures are still in flux. So it would be too much to be able to try to anticipate that. In our case, when we look at Johnson & Johnson, relatively speaking towards the industry based on our diversification between MedTech and Pharma and also the diversification of our Pharma portfolio, we feel that we are well positioned competitively to continue to grow way beyond the second-half of this decade. So we remain concerned. But at the same time, we think we are prepared to be able to manage successfully any situation coming from that relative to other industry players. The second question was about CARVYKTI. As I commented earlier, we are working to improve CARVYKTI supply, which is very important. You've seen that improvement in our sales in the second quarter. We are working in different ways. One is we are increasing capacity. We have internalized the production of lentivirus now. And also, we are in the process of increasing the number of slots internally. And also, we have reached agreements with other companies like Novartis to continue to increase capacity. So we are going to be in the trajectory of increasing capacity gradually in order to be able to eventually meet the demand that exists in CARVYKTI. As far as reaching to other patient populations, the CARVYKTI 4, it's already been filed. And it's moving CARVYKTI into earlier lines of therapy, and we are also working in first line with CARVYKTI 5 and CARVYKTI -- excuse me, with CARTITUDE-5 and CARTITUDE-6. So we are clearly intending to move CARVYKTI through CARTITUDE-4, CARTITUDE-5, and CARTITUDE-6 into earlier lines of therapy. And we are increasingly convinced of the potential of CARVYKTI to be one of our more than $5 billion assets that we announced back in 2021.
Joaquin Duato: Thank you, Jess, and thank you to all of you for joining this call today. I'm extremely proud of the performance that we have achieved in the first-half of 2023. We are entering the back half of the year from a position of strength with numerous catalysts, including the fact that we are going to be a two-sector company focused on Pharmaceutical and MedTech recent development and innovation. We look forward to having future engagements with you to update you on our continued progress. Thank you very much, and enjoy the rest of your day.
Joe Wolk: Yes, Larry, maybe I might just add to Joaquin's comments. The only thing that is limiting the growth, I would say, in the back half of the year is China volume-based pricing, as well as some international sanctions in Russia, but those are already incorporated into our outlook for the balance of 2023. So we feel we have those well in hand. If there's a little bit of abatement on either of those fronts, it portends well for the future.
Joe Wolk: And Joanne, with respect to your second question and completing the Consumer Health separation, our capital allocation priorities aren't changing. So we're going to continue to invest organically in our own pipeline. You saw that we pretty much have kept our percent to sales, which is -- leads across industries as a top 10 investor in R&D on an annual basis. We prioritize that. We realize that, that is underpinning our future success. As we have demonstrated, the dividends and the share repurchases that we've done this year has already returned a significant amount back to shareholders. And then we'll always be on the hunt for real good strategic opportunities that fit with either the clinical or science expertise we have or commercial capabilities that we can offer that drive more value out of a potential asset in our hands than where it currently resides. So we are looking feverishly as we always do across both MedTech and Pharm.
Joe Wolk: And Terence, thanks for the question regarding margins. And specifically, I think you're getting at the heart of the potential deleverage that could occur with the separation once Kenvue is on its own entirely. You may recall a couple of quarters ago on one of these calls, we said that there was potentially $500 million to $750 million of deleverage in SG&A. We embarked on an initiative, and I guess the benchmarks would suggest companies usually take about two to three years to get those costs out of their system. Last summer, we really embarked on a project to eliminate those costs in a much faster cadence. And I would say of that $500 million to $750 million, there's a small fraction that may remain, and we're still working to eliminate that. So you should expect as you're modeling no deleveraging or very, very little deleveraging from the Kenvue separation.
