Chris DelOrefice: Good morning. This is Chris DelOrefice, Vice President of Investor Relations for Johnson & Johnson. Welcome to our Company's review of business results for the fourth quarter and full year of 2020 and our financial outlook for 2021. Joining me on today's call are Alex Gorsky, Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer; and Joe Wolk, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. A few logistics before we get into the details. This review is being made available via webcast, accessible through the Investor Relations section of the Johnson & Johnson website at investor.jnj.com, where you can also find additional materials including today's presentation and associated schedules. Please note that today's presentation includes forward-looking statements. We encourage you to review the cautionary statement included in today's presentation which identifies certain risks and factors that may cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from those projected. In particular, there's significant uncertainty about the duration and contemplated impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. This means that results could change at any time and the contemplated impact of COVID-19 on the Company's business results and outlook is a best estimate, based on the information available as of today's date. A further description of these risks, uncertainties and other factors can be found in our SEC filings including our 2019 Form 10-K and subsequent Form 10-Qs, along with reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures utilized for today's discussion to the most comparable GAAP measures are also available at investor.jnj.com. Several of the products and compounds discussed today are being developed in collaboration with strategic partners or licensed from other companies. This slide acknowledges those relationships. Moving to today's agenda. Alex will provide perspective on our overall results and business highlights for the year. I will review the fourth quarter sales and P&L results for the corporation and the three business segments. Joe will conclude by providing insights about our cash position, capital allocation deployment, and our guidance for 2021. The remaining time will be available for your questions. We anticipate the webcast will last up to 90 minutes. I would now turn the call over to Alex to share our overall results and business highlights.
Chris DelOrefice: Yes. Joanne, just a couple of small builds. In contact lens, as we have noted in prior quarter, if you remember, in the U.S., there was double-digit growth, and some of those were some of the retail dynamics as it related to inventory and stocking that you noted, adjusting for that contact lens did grow. It was worth almost 9 points. And we do view our growth is still competitive versus the market. And then, on the surgical side, it was actually good. We did see some recovery in the market there. So, it's good to see the trend. While we're still declining, it's improving sequentially, and we remain optimistic, including the innovation that Alex mentioned.
Chris DelOrefice: Great. Thanks, Bob. I appreciate the question. Thanks everyone for your questions and your continued interest in our Company. Apologies to those who we couldn't get to because of time, but don't hesitate to reach out to the Investor Relations team, as needed. I'll now turn the call back to Alex for some brief closing remarks.
Alex Gorsky: Hey Terence, this is Alex. Thank you very much for your question. Look, maybe before I answer this -- your question, let me just back up for a higher level, and once again, note, what I think has just been the tremendous contributions and performance of our 150,000 approximate associates around the world, 50,000 of whom have been going to work every day in our factories and our laboratories to ensure the products and services could continue to flow to patients and hospital systems around the world, let alone the important work that we're doing on the vaccine. Next, I also just think it's very important to reflect on the tremendous impact that COVID-19 has had around the world. You've heard some of the numbers that we mentioned earlier today, whether it's almost 100 million cases around the world, let alone 2 million deaths globally or right here in the United States, almost 25 million people and over 400,000 deaths, that's taken a tremendous cost on certainly families, individuals, businesses, our economy on just so many different aspects of our life that all the more important for us to be doing everything we can to make a difference during this pandemic. Last but not least, I'm just very proud of the performance that we had, not only in the fourth quarter but throughout 2020. If you look at the various segments, in almost each of our sectors, all of our major platforms, what you saw is us ending the year in a better position than where we started. And that wasn't only for what I would call the near-term financial performance where we saw things like market share gains and position improvements, but also if you look at the investment that we made in research and development, in sales and marketing preparing for the future not only 2021, but that and beyond, again we think we're well-positioned and stronger as we finished the year than even when we began. Now, getting back to your specific question regarding the breakouts, we're going to have much more information in the coming days. We think it's very important to follow the data, to follow the science. At that time, we think it will be more appropriate to provide you with all of the various cuts of the data that we anticipate having. Consistent with the statements that we made from the very beginning, we want to ensure that we've got a very robust program not only geographically, but also by ethnicity, gender, as well as a number of other different parameters, all as part of an effort to give us the best possible understanding of the efficacy and safety profile of our vaccine, so stay tuned. As Joe alluded to in his earlier comments, and Chris we expect to have these results in the coming days. And our scientists, Dr. Mathai Mammen, Dr. Paul Stoffels, and others will be providing much more detail once we have those results.
Alex Gorsky: Hey Larry, thank you very much for your question. As I mentioned earlier, I think it would be inappropriate for us to speculate in any significant way, given the proximity that we are today versus when we expect the results. What we said from the very beginning is that we put a lot of work and thought and very strong science and review into the selection of our lead candidate. I think, the Phase 1 and 2a results, particularly those that were recently published, we are hopeful that's a good precursor to the kind of efficacy and safety that we'll see in larger population, of course, until we see this final data. We won't know for certain, but look we remain optimistic, and we're going to remain very diligent as we go through this final review. I'll hand it over to Joe to take the second part of that question.
Alex Gorsky: Hey Louise, Alex. Thanks again for your question. Regarding durability, again, we're going to have to see how some of the early data in some of the preclinical work that we have done plays out in the actual large-scale trials. We're certainly hopeful that you're going to see a durable and a sustainable and patent response, particularly from our vector approach. We have seen that in other programs that we run. So, we're hopeful that we'll see it here, but we would expect that to play out. We are pleased with not only the antibody response that we saw but also some of the cellular level response that would be in T cells. But again, more information will be available once we have our other final results. Secondly, more broadly, about health care, I do think that -- and we do feel that COVID-19 has had a very profound effect on health care systems, both near term and short -- and longer term. I think, in the near term, what we've learned is frankly the importance of innovation and science. And if you reflect back on where we were, just 11 or 12 months ago at the beginning of COVID-19 and where we are now in the number, not only of very innovative vaccine candidates, but therapeutics and the differences that they made. If you take a look at the way hospital protocols very rapidly and quickly started to using data sciences and information to better understand what was going on with patients entering those facilities, how they should be treated, what led to better outcomes, how that's impacted the reduction in morbidity, I think clearly, another example. Third, we've seen a rapid expansion in telehealth, and that's in primary care offices but also specialty offices. The way that companies like ours actually communicate and engage and educate physicians and health care systems, we would see that lasting for some time as well. And clearly, on the public health side, we think that's also a very important dynamic for us to consider going forward. I mean, I think it's clear from this that the world now has a much better understanding of the importance of well-established, well-funded global public health programs, without which we're at significant risk around the world, whether it's our economies, society, just at a number of different levels. So, those are perhaps some of the longer term trends. And last but not least, I'd like to do a -- just a shout out for the partnership and collaboration that we've seen with not only within industry and across industry but also with regulators around the world. And it's certainly our hope that we can take some of that and apply it to other advancements, whether it's cures for cancer, neuroscience, other conditions. If we can take some of those same paradigms and accelerations and apply them there, that would be great news, not only for patients, certainly in health care systems, but for the industry as well.
Alex Gorsky: Hey Louise, I might just add one other point and that is, we actually look forward to working with the new administration on issues related to health care. Clearly, the pandemic we feel will shape the perspective in terms of the prioritization around access, around innovation, and frankly, using this as an opportunity to improve the overall health care system.
Alex Gorsky: Chris, look, overall, we remain very confident in the long-term prospects around the medical device market. And I think we saw very good signs of that actually over the course of 2020, where we saw the medical device market drop anywhere from 30% to up to 70%, depending on which category you're looking at, to return to mid-single-digit drops in the third quarter as we went through the rest of the year. As Joe and I believe Chris alluded to earlier in some of their commentary, we would expect see continued impact certainly in the first quarter of 2021, although the early signs, we're encouraged by what we're seeing in hospitals' ability to manage through some of the current patient demands. There are certainly regions and hospitals around the world, let alone in the United States, where you see a tremendous strain on the systems. But overall, we're seeing hospital volumes decrease no more than about 10% or 15% in areas such, for example, in the UK, a couple of other places in Europe. But overall, the resiliency and the ability of the hospital systems that continue with elective surgeries has improved quite significantly. And as you -- as I'm sure you would project, if we look at second quarter, in particular, the year-on-year comparison should return. As we look at our team's performance and consider 2021, we're actually looking at 2019 as more of a benchmark to -- and to use that as an indicator more of what a baseline or normal would be. But again, we can -- we would expect to continue to see expansion over the course of 2021. And beyond that again see a return to a market that was growing in the mid-single-digits previously, and we would expect that to continue going forward as well.
Alex Gorsky: Yes. Regarding STELARA, look, we remain very upbeat on the overall performance of STELARA. I mean, if you look at the performance in the fourth quarter, it was about 30% growth for the full year. We are looking at 20% growth. And what's really important to remember about STELARA is just the diversity of indications now that we have with that compound, especially in GI conditions, where we think it's particularly differentiated and unique, both in terms of its efficacy and now a very robust safety profile as well, based upon the years of experience. It is a competitive category. There are a number of new agents. But we also know that this is an area of significant unmet medical need, again, particularly in the Crohn’s space and the rest of the GI category. And so, we think there remains really good opportunity for us to continue to not only maintain but grow our position.
Alex Gorsky: Sure. And good to hear from you, Joanne. Joanne, regarding VELYS, look, we were very excited about the approval with the FDA. As we were able to share with you during our Innovation Day with our Medical Device group, if we look at the flexibility, the accuracy, the reduced footprint that it provides the surgeon and surgical teams, we think that it just has tremendous potential. Again, this is a market that is still -- we think has a significant opportunity for growth in terms of penetration. We also think it will be a nice complement to our ATTUNE fixed bearing cementless knee. And remember, we also have plans to expand VELYS significantly beyond just knee replacement but to other areas as well. So, when you combine that, we think it will be very competitive. And more importantly, we think it will be a great new option for physicians, for orthopedic surgeons and ultimately for patients and their families. I'm not going to get into all of the launch plans. But, what I will tell you is the team has got an aggressive agenda lined up, and they're completing all the other associated testing as we speak. But, we look forward to launching that over the course of 2021 and again, expanding our overall position. Regarding Vision Care, you're right. There are a lot of dynamics that we certainly saw in the past year, in the contact lens market, significant contraction as well as in the surgery market. We believe that our position overall in the contact lens has continued to strengthen. And we did see improvement as we went quarter-to-quarter and ended the year, and we think we'll be well-positioned as we enter 2021. We've also made a number of changes regarding our surgical business. We're excited in 2021 about the TECNIS Symfony launch with a depth of focus lens. It's got improved near-term focus. And we also have a TECNIS Synergy IOL, a first-in-class product, combining a number of different technologies, to really deliver a great range with high contrast. We expect that in '21. So, again, we remain very confident and optimistic about the potential overall in our Vision Care business.
Alex Gorsky: Sure, Matt. Thank you very much. Look, we were -- I think, it's important to put maybe perhaps some additional perspective on it. If we really go back to 2017, where I believe the growth rate of our Medical Device division was about 1.5-point, and if you look at the expansion as we went through 2019 to where it was growing at almost a 4% rate. And as we've articulated a number of times, our goal is to grow at or faster than the markets where we compete. We believe the markets where we compete overall in surgery and orthopedics and vision care and others, cardiovascular, are in the 4% to 5% range. And that's the goal for our businesses. As we -- of course, with 2019 -- or 2020, excuse me, and the effect of COVID, that had a very significant impact. But again, here too, if we normalize out our trends for third and fourth quarter, we think that overall, those quarters were pretty consistent, down about 3.5% after you pull everything else out, and will put us on a good rate, as we mentioned earlier, over the course of 2021 and beyond. Regarding VELYS, as I mentioned earlier, we think it does offer a number of unique advantages. We think it can enhance the surgeon's ability to really personalize total knee arthroscopy. At the same time, it has certain features that will make it easier for use potentially in the operating room. And again, we think it's going to be a great complement to not only our ATTUNE system, but further down the line to our hip procedures and others as well. We do feel that the overall knee market will recover in 2021. It will take place over the course of the year as hospitals are able to continue to get their capacity back, as patients get increasingly confident. The knee market was perhaps hit more than others just because many of those procedures can be delayed, perhaps versus a hip procedure. But, we would expect that to return over the course of this year as we see the pandemic dealt with in a more effective way and things hopefully return to a more normal state. And by the way, we think the outlook for that longer term, given some of the pent-up demand that we're likely to see, will be quite significant. As you saw in our review back in November, we're very excited about Ottava. We truly think it's going to offer a next-generation digital and robotic surgery. As you just mentioned, the team made great progress over the last 12 months. As we brought the various technologies together, we continue to do the build-outs and when -- we remain on track with all the time lines that we have previously committed to. And we're confident that here too is a market that we think is very -- has very low penetration, less than 5% or 10%, certainly on a global basis, more so in certain categories here in the United States. But, whether it's penetration or the ability just to expand those kind of options to surgeons here in the United States around the world, based upon the technology that we'll be bringing, we think it will offer significant upside on the time lines that you just mentioned.
Alex Gorsky: Yes. Thanks, Danielle. I can take that one. Yes, we were able to do that in Q1 because there was an early impact. And then, what we did was as we provided guidance throughout the year, we kind of gave you a range of expected impact by quarter, based on what our original guidance would have been at the beginning of the year. If you look at what we shared in Q4 ahead of this earnings, we'd anticipated that we could be anywhere from down 10% or flat versus our original thinking, which would have contemplated some growth year-over-year, plus a 53rd week. If you look at where we landed, we basically landed at the low end of that range, given some of the additional softness that the market experienced in the December timeframe where procedures were probably down more around that 10% range. So, overall, in line with expectations, but more towards the low end, given some of the surge we saw at the very end.
Alex Gorsky: Hey Bob. Thank you very much. What we saw in North America in Q4 was it down just about -- or excuse me, up about 2%. And again, there were regions around the country where we saw a differential impact. But, I think it's fair to say that we were pleased to see the ability of the majority of systems in the United States being able to continue to provide elective procedures, even in spite of some of the later surges where we saw even more significant impacts were in Europe and LatAm during that period. And because of our stronger position in certain places in Europe that had a differential impact on us. And again, as hopefully, we see improving trends with the virus in Europe over the course of 2021, we would expect to see that return. And so, regarding your questions on volumes in the back end, look, it's hard to predict based upon where we currently are. As we said earlier, we think the most significant impact this year will be certainly in Q1. As we continue to deal with some of the ongoing surge, we would expect the year-on-year comparisons to change pretty significantly in Q2 and Q3. And again, assuming much improved vaccine distribution, better overall control of COVID-19, we would then expect to see volumes come back to more normalized levels as we finish the year. But obviously, there's a lot of moving parts. There's a lot of assumptions, a lot of dynamics that we'll have to watch closely. But, our current plans would take those kind of projections into consideration.
Alex Gorsky: Well, thank you everyone for your comments, for your questions and for your ongoing interest, trust and confidence in Johnson & Johnson. It's likely an overused term at this point, but 2020 was a remarkable year on just so many different fronts. And I want to again end where I started by acknowledging the tremendous toll that this has taken on patients, on families, on the hospital systems around the world, but also give credit to health care systems and our employees who’ve worked so hard to continue to support the same, through this challenging period. We're proud of our performance. We think we're positioned very well as we embark on 2021, and we look forward to keeping you updated as we go through the year and gain more information and insights. Thank you very much, everybody.
Joe Wolk: Sure. Good morning, Larry. And thanks for the question. I would say with respect to supply, consistent with the comments that were made earlier, we intend to meet all of the firm order commitments that we have, whether that be to the United States, to the European Union or to developing countries through the Gavi organization. And right now, we're well on track to do that. As Alex alluded to, there is still some fluidity with respect to timelines. And I think what we're seeing happening with a little bit of confusion is people are trying to parse this down into weeks. I think, the definitive statement here is that we are very comfortable in meeting our commitments to those respective countries or organizations that I just outlined. In terms of financial implications and pricing, as you can imagine once countries get a chance to see the data, we're in active negotiations for other countries and other organizations, and the volume will impact the selling price. So, it's somewhat of a fluid situation, and that's why we're kind of projecting or leading folks to think about the April first quarter earnings call as a good time when many of those pieces will be in place, and we can give you some credible information to bank on for the balance of 2021.
Joe Wolk: Good morning, David. With respect to kind of the earnings outlook and specifically, the operating margins, you're correct. And not to get cute, but the words were actually greater than 200 basis points. So, that could gravitate upward. We certainly want to keep the flexibility that we've had even during 2021 and all that uncertainty to continue to invest in innovative ideas that really fortify, not just this year, but well beyond. In terms of some of the programs we have that are improving our operating margins, I'd point you to this consumer SKU rationalization. That is certainly something that will have an impact on consumer sales in the first half of the year, but again, with this objective of improving profit margins, and that team has done a great job under Thibaut’s leadership with respect to improving the margin profile over the last two years. You may also recall a few years back made significant investments in our supply chain infrastructure. Some of those are starting to pay off in 2021 as well. And then, like it or not, we are working differently, and there are efficiencies that correlate to some of this working differently. I'm not suggesting that we found a steady state in terms of the balance between virtual work and work in the office, but there are some efficiencies that are being realized that I think will actually sustain long term as we move forward. So, those are some of the factors that are going into our bullish call of above 200 basis points margin improvement.
Joe Wolk: Hey Louise, maybe just one other comment to build upon Alex's commentary is that you've referenced towards the end of your question about the new administration and what kind of policies they may have around health care. What I would say is we've been around for 135 years. It's I think 24 different administrations from both, Republican and Democrat. We're going to continue to do what we do best, and that's to innovate. And if I look at our pharmaceutical portfolio, the great performance that they delivered in 2020 was once again met with, for the fourth consecutive year, price decreases overall in the portfolio. So, we're seeing the benefit of innovation, whether it be for the COVID-19 vaccine or other solutions in immunology, oncology, pulmonary hypertension and neuroscience. And so, that's what we're going to be focused on. And by the way, Louise, I just got a comment. You did a really nice job on the news program this morning. That was outstanding work by you.
Joe Wolk: And Chris, if you look at where the growth is coming from for STELARA in recent quarters, it has been in the GI indications that Alex has noted where we're really seeing nice growth in uptake in psoriasis is TREMFYA. You're right, it's a competitive market space, but we’re seeing some switches out of STELARA to TREMFYA, and then TREMFYA is picking up new scripts on its own for our psoriasis play.
