Dominic Caruso: When I am commenting on our results, I am doing so by excluding the special items, the most impactful – impact of amortization expense, just so we can have an apples-to-apples comparison because of the significant acquisitions we did this year, and that’s right, Mike.
Dominic Caruso: And Mike, with respect to the ZYTIGA patent, so I think as you are well aware there is two avenues that are being pursued there. The first was with respect to the court. So the New Jersey Court had set a preliminary trial date for October of this year. However during a status conference as recently as a few weeks ago in September, there is a schedule of pre-trial activity.  So we don’t anticipate that a new trial date will be set until early next year. With respect to the second avenue in the U.S. patent and trademark office, we have not yet received the decision. We understand it’s the U.S. PTO’s right and permission to extend deadlines on that. So we await, we’re just like everyone else. 
Dominic Caruso: Hi, Larry, look I think, we’ve previously described the first full year of accretion for Actelion to be $0.35 to $0.40 a share. We have said that this year’s accretion is going to be about $0.07 a share. So, you are right, I mean, you get to a place that’s just under $0.30 of potential additional EPS accretion from that acquisition.  As we always do, we are evaluating all our plans right now in determining where is the best place to invest. What the businesses have in terms of launches of new products and what they have in terms of their own momentum and we want to continue to invest behind new product launches. So it’s too early to give you an expectation of how much of the accretion from Actelion will fall through versus how much will be invested.  But suffice it to say, we generally, as you know, grow our sales, we’ve aimed to grow our sales faster than categories we compete in and we aim to grow our earnings at a rate faster than sales. So we will continue to do that and we will give you a clear picture of that as we set our plans for 2018 when we talk in January. 
Dominic Caruso: Yes, Jeff, when we talk in January, we’ll obviously point out the impacts of Actelion and actually all of our acquisitions on growth. So we’ll give you an estimate of organic growth and therefore you will be able to see the impact of acquisitions and on the bottom-line, we’ll talk about the impact it has to our overall earnings picture and also any major investments we plan to make.
Dominic Caruso: I would say, Bob, the best way to classify that is a very preliminary analysis. We looked at some zip codes to see what particular metropolitan areas might have been hit that were indirect line of the storm. But it’s mostly – it would be a U.S. phenomena obviously because it was related to surgery days and not anything to do with supply disruption.
Dominic Caruso: Yes. Hi, Jami. So first of all, on the FX question, you are correct that the increase in our guidance is partly due to of course a different outlook on FX on both top and bottom-line. So I think that’s an accurate assessment. With respect to other income, here is a good way to think about it. I mean, we have consistently talked about the fact that we intend to actively manage our portfolio as we’ve been doing that over the last several years.  And in doing that, we will make a determination whether the asset is better in our hands or better in someone else’s hands, and once those decisions are made we do include in our overall guidance for the year our expectation on this other income line which is difficult for anyone to forecast.  So, unless we can – and that’s why we give you our expectation and you can see that we are pretty much in line with the expectation we gave you from the beginning of the year with respect to the asset sales that we think would occur this year and therefore be part of our overall expectation from the very beginning. We are executing on those. The way to think about this is, we don’t expect that our work in evaluating the portfolio is going to diminish.  We are going to continue to do that. We are going to make sure that assets are better either in our hands or in someone else’s hands and when you look at the other income line in your model and you see it increase, please take also a look at pretax operating margin which is after COGS and SG&A and R&D, and you could see that that margin at the same time decreases which goes to the point that I made earlier that when we do this, it’s a portfolio decision.  So we are increasing our investment in R&D, SG&A et cetera, at the same time that we are recognizing these gains. So, they are not really drivers of earnings, they are really drivers of investments in the portfolio and so take a look at that and as I said earlier, we expect to complete this group of asset sales this year in our guidance.  But I said earlier when we talked last quarter, that I would not expect that this line item would drop off significantly in 2018 and therefore that allows us to keep our investment levels up high going into 2018 as well. 
Dominic Caruso: Well, thanks, Joe. And as I noted earlier, we are very, very pleased with our strong third quarter performance. And I am also glad you had the opportunity to hear directly from our business leaders, Sandy, Jorge and Joaquin who are doing a terrific job in leading our strong businesses and delivering very, very strong results.  We owe our strong performance and therefore our thanks to the very talented colleagues we have around the world who continue to bring innovative solutions to patients and consumers.  So, thank you for your time today. I look forward to updating you on our full year results in January. Have a great day.
Joaquin Duato: Hi, Mike and good morning to all of you. Before I go to STELARA let me give you a couple of [Indiscernible] reflections on how the quarter went. I think when we met in May 2017 on the occasion of the Pharmaceutical R&D review day, we anticipated that the performance of the Pharmaceutical group was going to accelerate during the second half of the year. And that’s precisely what you are seeing today.  You are seeing the pharmaceutical group moving from low single-digit growth in the first half of the year to 6.7% in this third quarter. So clear acceleration of the sales of the pharmaceutical group. That are driven by a number of factors, one is, the momentum that our key brands are gaining mainly driven by market share gains and one example of that that I will talk about this is STELARA as you mentioned had posted very impressive 43% gain in the U.S. in the quarter.  The second is positive news on our pipeline. During this period, we have launched TREMFYA, which has been very well accepted by physicians. We have already 900 physicians prescribing TREMFYA about 3000 patients and as we speak TREMFYA, it’s already leading in new to brand share when compared to the new therapies when compared to the anti-IL 17.  And then the third one is that, we completed the acquisition of Actelion and we are now in our first 100 days post integration. You’ve seen the results of Actelion there, very much aligned with the expectations, positive growth and share gains both in UPTRAVI and OPSUMIT. So the combination of these three factors is driving the 6.7% adjusted growth on the 14.6% of total pharmaceutical growth.  This is very aligned on what we discuss in our pharmaceutical review day. When it comes to STELARA, I mean the growth is driven by two factors. First, share gains in the psoriasis market where STELARA is the leading brand in new to brand share in psoriasis and second, very impressive gains also in the Crohn’s disease market where we continue to gain share.  So the combination of our continuous growth and sustained growth in psoriasis plus the launch in Crohn’s disease is driving this growth in STELARA that you are seeing today. 
Joaquin Duato: Thank you and thank you for the question and let me start with the drivers of the growth that we are having and we are seeing in the third quarter and in the second half of the year that you want to continue to see over the next year. Let me start with XARELTO that posted very impressive growth in this quarter of 20% mainly driven by share gains and that we believe will be sustained into next year.  You remember that we already share the data of our COMPASS study, and we are planning to file these new indications by the end of the year and that will together with the existing share gains that we have in our markets drive the growth of XARELTO in 2018. XARELTO had the highest share gain in the quarter in the last four years mainly driven because we are starting to put a bigger dent on Warfarin.  So that’s an important driver for us moving forward. If we continue with oncology, both IMBRUVICA and DARZALEX continue to have impressive share gains. IMBRUVICA, as Joe commented has already 50% share across line of therapies and DARZALEX is getting share both in third line, second line multiple myeloma with around 20%, 40% respectively and we plan to file our first-line study, our RTM study by the end of the year.  So that’s going to be another positive driver moving into next year as we continue to gain share in different line of therapies. If you recall too this past quarter, we had the approval of the combination with Pomalyst in second line multiple myeloma. So, both IMBRUVICA and DARZALEX will remain important drivers of our growth into 2018.  The other driver that sometimes goes unrecognized but is having an impact, that in the quarter posted 15% growth and we see that continue to gain share in the antipsychotic market as long-acting therapies remain relatively underutilized as compared to the potential of it.  So those are going to be some of the most important drivers moving into 2018. Then, another two important updates on our pipeline. It’s the filing of apalutamide that we just completed and that it’s going to enable us to have - maybe seen that is going to have an indication in patients that have prostate cancer without metastases.  It would be a very important new indication for apalutamide and great option for prostate cancers. We will continue to progress with TREMFYA in psoriasis and also in 2018, we are planning the filing of Esketamine, which we believe would be a very important option for the treatment of treatment resistant depression. So those are the drivers that will continue to enable our market growth in 2018.
Joaquin Duato: Thank you. So, as far as DARZALEX, as I commented, our market share in third line plus is in north of 40% in the U.S. already and in second line, depending on the shortage, generally north of 20% and it continue to grow. Our – the trends that we are seeing in the market are very positive, particularly after the approval in one prior line and the data we presented in one prior line and also as I commented earlier, we already finished the study in first-line in combination with BMP and we are planning to file before the end of the year.  So, all is positive on that side. Importantly, we are also working as you guys know, in developing a subcue formulation and we are going to start our phase 3 study with the subcue formulation this year. So, increasingly we see that DARZALEX becoming a backbone therapy in the treatment of multiple myeloma and that’s the feedback that we are getting from customers. 
Joaquin Duato: Thanks very much for the question, Dave and it’s a very good one. I mean, there is no doubt that the broader CPG industry is seeing a change in the competitive landscape and there is a fundamental shift here enabled by digital technologies and we see the rise of a lot of small companies that are now competing with the large established companies in this field. But in the fate of it, I am very confident that our strategies are absolutely the right one for us to continue with what we’ve had for a number of years which is a strong sustained run of market share growth.  We have to make some adjustments in terms of the operational focus of those strategies. In particular, we have to drive accelerated growth on the online channel and we are doing just that. We are growing, we estimate at this point, at twice the rates of the broader online channel with our e-commerce capabilities. We are investing very heavily in leadership, in systems, in capabilities in general and for sales fundamentals online, so that we drive our share of e-commerce to match our offline share.  So, there are some adjustments we are making, but overall, the broad strategic focus that we have had and that’s driven our results for the last few years remains very much in place and we feel we are very well positioned. 
Joaquin Duato: Thank you. Thank you for the question and ZYTIGA strength in – it’s been mainly driven in the U.S. by the combination of market growth and share gains. So that’s the reason we have had these ZYTIGA strength in the U.S. 
Joaquin Duato: So that’s the source of the strength of ZYTIGA is the market is growing and also we continue to gain share and price overall including the effect of the third-party foundations continues to be a negative for ZYTIGA. What has been new recently is the presentation of the latitude data which was very well received by the customers and by patients with very significant results in increasing overall survival and radioactive progression free survival in patients that the - where metastatic but get hormone naïve.  So this is the first time that a medicine is tested in this indication and we are filing in this indication in the U.S. and in Europe and some other fact in Europe we received a positive opinion for the CHMP recently. So that is the major driver of ZYTIGA growth is higher market penetration combined with share gains across the port. Regarding talacotuzumab, I mean, as Joe commented, we discontinued talacotuzumab based on recommendation of the IDMC in AML based on the safety risk benefit ratio and we are now evaluating that data and using those revenues to see which other indications we may pursue in the future. So it is still premature to comment on what else we would be doing with talacotuzumab.
Joaquin Duato: Thank you, and let me start with INVOKANA. INVOKANA first continues to be the leader in prescriptions in the ALD2 category. So it’s still the leader in the SAT2 category. When it comes to this quarter, we show a decline, and the decline was mainly, mainly driven by price and also we saw a fair impact since we included the black box warning in our label.  So it was a combination of mainly price and some share declines due to the black box warning. As we move forward, we see opportunities with INVOKANA. The first one is we just file our main indication based on the campus data and that’s going to be important for us moving into 2018 and the second one we continue to progress with our CREDENCE study in patients with diabetic nephropathy in order to evaluate how their kidney function progresses.  So those are two elements that make us confident of the future of INVOKANA moving into 2018. Regarding apalutamide, we are super excited of being able to continue our leadership in prostate cancer with apalutamide. I mean, it’s been great that we have been able to file recently for this indication as you commented this is going to be the first time that these agents are indicating in patients that have no metastases.  To your question of ZYTIGA, I think you are aware that in metastatic prostate cancer what we are analyzing it’s a combination of apalutamide and ZYTIGA compared to ZYTIGA. So, that would be transformational if we are able to demonstrate that superiority. So that’s how we see the market moving forward and as you are also aware we have alliances of with PARP inhibitor in the area of prostate cancer that we are studying now that we plan to file in this indication in 2018 that eventually we will combine with our androgen anti-androgen agents.  So we’ll have a full line of products in the area of prostate cancer from the non-metastatic to the metastatic indications combining apalutamide, ZYTIGA and eventually Niraparib. So we feel very confident about the options that we are bringing to those patients and also we feel very confident about how competitive our offering is, which is being demonstrated by the share gains that you have seen in this quarter and about our speed in being able to complete the apalutamide trials and file for that. 
Joaquin Duato: So, to your first question, yes, we are losing share to the other SGLT2 agents since we introduced the box warning in our label. We remain the leader of the category, but we are losing share, particularly in new patients. Certainly, the price has been even a bigger driver in the step decline that you have seen this quarter.  Our belief in INVOKANA moving forward is based on the very positive data that we have submitted in MACE and the overall risk reduction that we see in utilizing INVOKANA and also in the study that we are conducting, the CREDENCE 1 in patients with diabetic nephropathy evaluating their renal function. So, overall, we see the SGLT2 category and INVOKANA bringing important benefits and we continue to see INVOKANA as an important brand for us moving into 2018. 
Joaquin Duato: So, thank you for the question and important thing here is to understand the dynamics on the REMICADE and in the immunology biologics market overall. I mean, the key factor for REMICADE being successful is the fact that physicians and patients have a high confidence and trust in REMICADE based on more than 2 million patients treated and 16 indications.  There is no other medicine as a study has experienced as REMICADE is. And the second factor which is important to recognize is that these medicines are not interchangeable and sometimes, this element is lost in the debate. These medicines are not designated as interchangeable by the FDA. So in other words, they are not like generics and they are not the same.  They are biosimilars but not the same. So, having said that, what we are seeing in the marketplace that the physicians are very reluctant to switch stable patients for REMICADE into other medicines. And that is normal, I mean, because in many of the indications that REMICADE is used, particularly in the most frequent one in gastroenterology these biosimilars do not have any data to show for.  So, the most important factor in the success of REMICADE is the physician and the patient experience and the body of data that supports using REMICADE on the lack of interchangeability. Now, we continue to compete vigorously in price and we continue to drive reductions of course for the overall system based on that.  And as a matter of fact, the price of REMICADE has decreased year-over-year when you look at the net price. So, when we move into 2018, we are going to continue to work along the same lines of making sure that physicians have the option to continue to use REMICADE and making sure that they are aware of the body of data and the experience that they have had during the last years in which they have been able to have these therapeutic options.  So that’s really the base of our 2018 plan making sure that physicians have the option to prescribe REMICADE and making sure that patients that are stable that can benefit from REMICADE can remain in REMICADE. 
Joaquin Duato: Thank you for the question. I mean, as I said, XARELTO has had terrific share gains during this quarter. It’s the highest share gain in the last four years and that, well we are very pleased with the COMPASS results has nothing to do with the COMPASS results because as you know, COMPASS population, the coronary and peripheral arterial vascular disease is a different one and XARELTO will be used in a different dose.  So all you seeing in XARELTO today is driven by our existing indications particularly atrial fibrillation and VTE treatment and prophylaxis. So, moving into 2018, we are filing this year for the COMPASS data as I commented. So we see significant opportunities in COMPASS. It’s a 6 to 7 million patients that can be treated – is the total population and we believe that the profile of XARELTO based on the data of the COMPASS trial is going to be extremely competitive and that’s going to be one of the drivers.  This is only one of the study that are included in our excluded program that contains multiple indications seeking the studies in congestive heart failure, acute coronary syndrome, medically ill patients that would continue to drive the growth of XARELTO in 2018 and after 2018.
Joaquin Duato: Okay, so, we – let’s say, it’s important for me to remind that when it comes to the discussion of sirukumab or talacotuzumab, those were setbacks but our outlook of continue to drive above market growth through 2021 remains more surely than before based on the growth of our existing brands and the progress that we have had with several key elements of our pipeline like TREMFYA, apalutamide, and Esketamine.  So that's an important theme for me to remind. When it comes to immunology, we are the company with more assets in this category. We have four approved assets, REMICADE, SIMPONI, STELARA and TREMFYA. Are we disappointed with sirukumab? We are, because we stand behind sirukumab and the value it has as an anti IL-60.  The additional data request that we were having the complete response letter would have delayed the introduction of sirukumab significantly and based on the competition that exists there with other anti IL-6, we thought the best thing for us is to focus on other priorities. I mean, TREMFYA, it’s been very well received by physicians and by patients.  As a matter of fact, as I commented, we already have 900 physicians prescribing TRMFYA in 3000 patients and as we speak it’s the leading the new to brand share in psoriasis when you consider new therapies anti IL-17. What about the payers? Look, this is a very competitive market in this category and we feel confident that we will have appropriate access moving into 2018.  We’d be negotiating that access in this part of the year and when the formula is come for 2019 we feel good that patients that want to use TREMFYA, physicians that want to use TREMFYA will be able to use it and will be able to prescribe it.  So overall, as we discuss, we see that even in immunology, even considering the erosion that we are going to have with REMICADE, we are going to continue to post positive growth in immunology based on the strength of STELARA and on the strength of TREMFYA moving forward.
Sandy Peterson: Hi, Matt. Thanks for your question. So, I’d just – couple of general comments and then I’ll specifically answer your questions about knees and spine in particular. As you know, I’ve just recently in last few months taken over responsibility for medical devices and I think in the quarter you will see that we have some clear areas where we are doing very well like EP, wound closure, biosurgery and some parts of our orthopedics portfolio.  But there is some places in the portfolio where the full impact of some of our new product launches and some of our acquisitions have not fully taken hold yet. And as I’ve said to others before, we’ve also spent a lot of time over the last quarter talking about how do we ensure commercial execution on the ground in a much more robust in some of these markets.  And I think we are beginning to see the positive impact of that with a lot of our businesses and some account wins that will start having some positive impact for us as we kind of continue through the fourth quarter. And Joe’s comments about knees are absolutely spot on.  We also, I think, there is a little bit of the impact about elective surgeries in parts of the U.S. where we know a large percentage of the volume happens in that southeast part of the U.S. that clearly had some minor impact on the business also in the quarter. We also in Europe, which impacted our business, both our Spine and Knee business.  We had a very unusual one-time impact on our ordering and distribution system that impacted about a week’s worth of sales, particularly in orthopedics. So we are catching up from that but it clearly had an impact in both Spine and Knees in Europe as well as the U.S. And then, the last thing I would say is, our tibial tray, our cementless program as well as we have just completed our first atune revision case in the U.S, and we are still in the soft rollout of that.  But that clearly is going to have a very positive impact on our knee business in particular in the U.S. but as it goes global outside of the U.S. we’ll start seeing the positive impact of that on our knee business as we move forward. So I guess, I would characterize the quarter as a few one-off things that had an impact on the business but generally speaking, the platform is doing very well and we’ll start gaining more momentum as we move forward.  As it relates to our Spine business, we – if you break it apart and look at the performance overall, obviously we are not satisfied with the performance of that business. We have had portfolio gaps in that business for a while. We are starting to get through those and starting to launch some new things in the business.  But if you look at the business from a regional standpoint, the Asian business and Latin America business had a good quarter and we have things work to do in the U.S. and North America. But you should start seeing some more positive momentum in our Spine business as we go into next year. And in general, I think Spine procedures have been down in the industry overall over the last couple of quarters and that clearly there is a macroeconomic impact on Spine. So, thank you, Matt.
Sandy Peterson: So, thanks for the question. Our sense of it is, it’s in some of these markets, it’s an episodic thing that happens and it’s not that unusual over time, but I think what we are also finding, I guess the punch line is we are concerned about it.  But not terribly concerned about it because we have been able to go and work with many of these governments and hospital systems to find ways to provide incremental value to them beyond the physical product alone and that’s a ways for us to actually be able to deal with some of these questions about pricing.  Now, obviously, the situation in India, this one-time price impact on knees clearly has an impact on the marketplace in that regard and I think that’s sort of a much more extreme example of what we’ve seen in other marketplaces which were a lot more moderated and we have the opportunity in some cases to have broader conversations with them and it’s part of why we have changed our business strategy to really show up as an integrated business talking to them about a number of different things beyond purely the physical product going forward. And so that’s how we believe are going to address this question when it arises in OUS markets.
Sandy Peterson: So, thanks, Glenn. So, I’ll start with – you have seen the actions we have taken regarding our portfolio. But I think the most important thing is, all of the actions we’ve taken to invest in the platforms that we believe have significant growth and we’ve been doing this both in terms of acquisitions, strategic partnerships and investing in R&D.  So if you look at our – as you know, we’ve made a significant bet in our neurovascular business where stroke is a huge unmet need and it’s only growing. And so we now have a business due to some things we get internally as well as a couple of acquisitions in the last 12 months. So, you should see us over time build that business the way that we have built the EP business.  So, it’s an important growth driver for us as a company. Obviously, in our core orthopedics businesses, we have been making acquisitions, small tuck-in acquisitions plus investing in technology as well as innovation and you’ll see us continue to drive that. The most obvious significant one in the last year is all of the investments we have been making in vision to broaden our portfolio in vision care.  So we did three acquisitions this year to broaden the depth and breadth of our vision portfolio. So I think you should think about this as a combination of where do we see growth in the business. Whether it’s in core surgery, whether it’s in orthopedics, whether it’s in vision care or what we call now interventional. You should expect to see us continuing to make those investments and over time, as we make choices about other parts of our portfolio, we’ll let you know when we make those choices.
