Dominic Caruso: Sure, Mike. Well, as you saw, we did have some outperformance on the top line. We're pleased with that. We also had the outperformance in the bottom line, principally driven by the benefit from a lower tax rate. If I compare the tax rate that we experienced so far this year to the tax rate guidance I previously gave, the quarter was probably impacted by about $0.04 just from a lower tax rate from the previous guidance. We're pleased with that because I'd rather have lower taxes and be able to invest in the business, and that's what you saw us start doing. You saw that the second quarter cost of goods sold, SG&A and R&D, are all up from the first quarter. And as I said during my prepared remarks, that we would expect that trend to continue through the balance of the year. So in summary, we're going to take advantage of a lower tax rate to continue to invest behind the pipeline, make sure the product launches are off to a great start and integrate, obviously, the Crucell business as best we can. So we're going to take advantage of that, and I think in the slower markets, we want to make sure that we can gain as much share as we can. We want to continue to invest behind our business. So our view at this point is our guidance for the year stays about the same in the bottom line, despite a stronger quarter than perhaps Wall Street had estimated. But as I said, we're going to continue to invest and probably build some momentum in the expense line throughout the balance of the year to offset the tax benefit.
Dominic Caruso: Let me take it, Mike. There isn't, and we're consistent with what we said before. However, Mike, that as we proceed with the integration activities with which we're doing, now, we'll look for ways to finance this transaction more efficiently than the way we modeled it. I think we gave you a conservative way of modeling it when we announced the transaction and, obviously, we're working towards improving that, but we don't have any more update on that -- in that regard just yet.
Dominic Caruso: The gross margin that you see on the P&L, and Louise talked about it 100 basis point increase from the second quarter, 2 main factors: One is that the restructuring charge related to Cordis, a portion of that restructuring charge goes into cost of goods sold line. So that's about 50 basis points of the different, and that's just obviously just this quarter. The balance of the 50 basis point increase year-over-year has to do with integrating the Crucell business, which is a vaccine business, as you know, which has lower margins than the balance of our Pharma business. And also, the continuing remediation cost and activities related to our McNeil Consumer Healthcare business. So they are the main reasons why the GP looks lower this quarter.
Dominic Caruso: Well, just a point of clarity, there's 2 components to the cost associated with the ASR hip recall: One is litigation and the other is what we refer to as the hip recall program cost. Those are the costs that we've agreed to incur on behalf of patients as they move forward with the process of getting revisions, et cetera. So we've updated the separate item that we're referring to here, is -- but refers to both. So there is no litigation that's actually been tried. These are estimates of the amount of claims that have come in and our cost to handle those claims, and the uptick in the recall cost primarily relate to the actual cost that we'll incur on behalf of patients to help them through the process. I can't give you any more specifics on how it all will end up, but as we learn more we'll continue to refine the estimates just as we get more information.
Dominic Caruso: And on Xarelto, I -- you're right, we did see some apparently positive results for Crixivan. I think it's too early to comment because we haven't really seen the full data set. So what was disclosed was top line results, and I guess the full data set will be in August, I believe, and I think we'll wait until we see the full data setting, including all types of bleeding and, obviously, primary and secondary endpoints. So at this point, we're going to watch and see what the full data set looks like, but we do believe Xarelto is already well positioned as a product that has -- will meet unmet medical need today with good results and, obviously, a once-a-day pill should be something that the market will appreciate.
Dominic Caruso: This is Dominic, Sara. The costs are about the same as we previously gave, so no impact in the guidance related to the cost. One thing about the ramp-up of the products, Louise is exactly right, modest amount at the end of this year end and production ramps up in 2012. But I would say by the middle of 2012, the majority of the products are expected to be back on the market.
Dominic Caruso: Kristen, this is Dominic. Just my way of clarity. So we didn't exit Cordis. So we just exited drug-eluting stents. And as you saw, the drug-eluting stents, as Louise mentioned earlier, the total sales in the second quarter were $64 million compared to about $164 million the prior year. So obviously, we're going to see as we've exited that, yes, business, we're going to see less of a quarter-to-quarter, year-over-year drag on the business. And as you know, drug-eluting stent business, when we exclude that from our MD&D overall results this quarter, the 1% results that MD&D delivered are about 3% excluding the, yes, change. But other than that -- and the charges that we've just described earlier in the restructuring charge, there's no other financial impact that you should expect to see.
Dominic Caruso: No, I think certainly going into next year as these products in the McNeil Consumer business, as I mentioned earlier, start coming online on the shelves, and so I said by the first half of the year, the majority of them will be on the shelves. But I think that obviously, that will be a good comparison to a year just proceeding it where we had no such products on the shelves. So that's obviously the major driver. I think I mentioned earlier or Louise may have mentioned, the business itself, excluding the impact of not having the products on the market, grew at about 2.5% in the second quarter. And I think on the same comparison, it was about flat in the first quarter. So obviously, we're seeing some momentum, and you see it particularly in Skin Care and in Babies. So we're hopeful that the underlying business is continuing to grow and do well in emerging markets. We're really just seeing the impact of not having the products on the shelf, which I think in 2011, as we pointed out, will be behind us -- I mean, sorry, in 2012, that will be behind us.
Dominic Caruso: Yes, it's a great question, David. I think this is a matter of timing. Obviously, as we launch these products and they ramp up in the marketplace, the effect of having taking the significant cost positions that we took earlier will have an incremental impact, positive impact to the overall profitability of that business. But of course, as we're launching the products and products are coming off patent at the same time, you do have a bit of a dilemma because you're looking at the second quarter, leave it off patent and conserving an authorized generic started, these are significant impacts on the top line. We're not going to reduce the cost to offset those. And at the very same time, we're launching all these products and getting ready to launch new products. So I think what you see is just the timing difference. We're going to invest behind the launch of these products, get them out there as best we can, try to deal with the loss of patent exclusivity of some of the other products like LEVAQUIN and CONCERTA. But then as these products ramp up, I think we should be in great shape in terms of improved profitability.
Dominic Caruso: Yes, Dominic here. I can't give you a timing. The level of financing alternatives that we're considering, have a lot to do with the integration plan that we talked about earlier. So as the integration progresses, we'll combine the businesses in the most efficient manner possible. So we don't really have responses yet from the regulatory authorities, so we can't give you an estimate of when we'll be able to announce that. But rest assured that when we -- obviously, when we close the deal, we'll be able to tell you about it. But as we know more in these updates, we'll provide any information we have when we give you updates periodically throughout the next couple of quarters.
Dominic Caruso: Well, you're exactly right. This form of the transaction, the form of the consideration that Synthes shareholders received will be exactly as we described it. Right, they will receive shares of J&J stock and cash exactly as we describe it, exactly as we negotiated with Synthese. But how we finance that depends on a number of factors. And you're exactly right. We may be able to use less overall stock or issue less stock in the aggregate as a result of our ability to finance the repurchase of our stock as one example. So we're looking at a number of alternatives to make it efficient. And obviously, we have tax considerations here that we're going to make sure that we do efficiently.
Dominic Caruso: Yes, it is. I think maintaining the flexibility that we have as a result of the AAA rating is still important to us, and I think we can still maintain that flexibility and actually get the transaction to be less dilutive than the conservative estimates we gave earlier.
Dominic Caruso: Right. That's a great question, Derrick. So let me just reiterate. The top line guidance on an operational basis remained the same at between 2.5% and 3.5% growth over the prior year. And as you know, this second quarter, our growth was 2.6%. In the first quarter, it was 1.8%. We obviously are expecting in the guidance overall of 2.5% to 3.5% for the year that we will accelerate our growth in the back half of the year. But that was already contemplated in the guidance that we gave.
Dominic Caruso: I think The Street may have been lower than what we actually delivered in the second quarter. But it was pretty much consistent with our overall guidance. Again, we're only at 2.6% for Q2 and 1.8% for Q1. We expect 2.5% to 3.5% for the year. So we will see the ramp-up. We expect to see the ramp-up, as you mentioned, of new products that we're launching. But that's already contemplated in the guidance we have previously given.
Dominic Caruso: We haven't seen much of the pickup in the overall consumer trends although in our Skin Care business, which generally does pretty well despite economic conditions, we've launched lots of new products in the NEUTROGENA line, the NEUTROGENA Naturals, for example, that's getting good uptake in the consumer -- by consumers, the AVEENO extensions of product lines with AVEENO haircare and the like. So we think we haven't seen much of a change in overall consumer spending habits, but we have seen some very good uptake in the new product launches. Particularly, NEUTROGENA has started to come around here, and we're glad to see the consumers appreciate the innovation that we're showing in the NEUTROGENA product line.
Dominic Caruso: Okay. Thanks, Louise. On closing, let me just say we're pleased to see the continuing momentum in the second quarter results, and we expect to continue to build on our core strength with the recent launches. And we expect ongoing investments for the second half of the year. We see further opportunity for growth as the global economy stabilizes and our businesses continue addressing the critical unmet healthcare needs of patients and customers. I do remain confident in our products' prospects for the year, thanks for the dedication, focus and integrity of the people of Johnson & Johnson. And I look forward to speaking with you again in October and updating you on our progress throughout the year. Thanks for your time this morning, and have a wonderful day.
Alex Gorsky: Sure. As we pointed out earlier, we have seen the hip and knee markets, their overall growth slowed down significantly. So, for example, we're seeing hip growth probably at about 1%, and we're seeing knees down about 1%. We're seeing the spine market at about 1%. Based on a lot of the macro economic factors that we talked about earlier, if you look at hospital admissions, if you look at surgical procedure rates, as well as just some other fundamentals that we've been tracking, even looking at primary care physician visits, we would expect those trends to continue into the back end of the year. Now there might be some recovery just based upon our lapping of last year's results, but we think that economic pressures are going to continue to play a role in any type of elective procedure. And so we would expect those markets to pretty much play out in that manner for the remainder of the year.
Alex Gorsky: And, Mike -- I would just add on that, Mike, that all the regulatory filings are on schedule. Things are on track, and, obviously, we'll keep you updated as we move through the process.
Alex Gorsky: I would say, as we look at the markets right now, and you know better than I do, the granularity of some of the data points that we're dealing with, and so I think it's really important that we look at it from a trend perspective and not necessarily a spot or point in time. But we're seeing the market probably somewhere between 2% and 3% right now. And we think that's likely to continue. Again, there may be some effect from the lapping of last year. I think you noted in your report last year we started seeing in June, but it really was in quarter 3 and quarter 4 when we started to see what we feel is the more significant impact from the macroeconomic issue certainly in the United States and also in Europe due to some of the austerity measures. We think that's going to continue. Now going forward, I think one of the things we'd be looking for, one obviously is the lapping of the current period; two, when we should see an influx of patients once healthcare reform in enacted in the United States, and that's probably more 2014, '13, '14, '15 phenomena, as well as some recovery in the overall economic environment in both the U.S. and Europe. And so we would expect that over time, that's how you get to the period that we referenced earlier, the 2010 to 2015 of approximately 5%.
Alex Gorsky: Larry, as you can imagine, we put a lot of thought and careful consideration into our decision in the drug-eluting stent portion of the business. We're really proud of the contribution that we've made in that part of the market, given our history and our overall track record of performance. But frankly, when you -- when we look at it going forward, we saw that a lot of the dynamics have changed considerably in recent years, and they're going to continue to evolve, when you look at really unmet medical need in light of existing products and the profiles they represent and some of the other products that would have proceeded our NEVO technology. If you look at pricing, let alone some of the recent quarters, is we would project going forward, as well as reimbursement, and then when we also compare that with some of the regulatory requirements that we would need for the clinical development program, to get the kind of claims necessary to be able to actively differentiate products in the future, we just felt that, frankly, there are other areas in our portfolio where we can make investments that will not only lead to better meeting unmet medical need for patients, but also have better return for overall business. And so that's why we made the decision. Regarding its impact on the other areas, we do think that there's an impact. We're looking hard at the strategy overall now for our cardiovascular portfolio. As I mentioned in my talk earlier, we are very fortunate that we've got a thriving Biosense Webster EP business right now. If you look at our growth rates, our market position, and very importantly, if you look at the new technology that we're introducing, things like CARTO 3 and our new ThermoCool Sensors and other items that we have coming out, we think we're going to be very well positioned there. We think endovascular also represents a very important space for us. We're working hard on the INCRAFT triplaise approach, and the early results have been very promising. Of course, we're going to continue to look hard there. But I want to also say that we remain very interested in the overall cardiovascular space. We still think that if you look at the overall impact that it has on patients, there's still a lot of unmet need in many areas in addition to EP and endovascular, if you look at areas like severe hypertension, if you look at the valve space where we have some very early investments in other areas, again, there's a lot of unmet need. And we think that those markets are going to evolve in the coming months and years, and we'll be looking hard around our strategy and exact tactics going forward.
Alex Gorsky: Sure. I think as we look over at cardiovascular, we do have a number of new products new development, new approaches, especially in the EP and the Biosense Webster space. So I just recently went out and visited with our Biosense team in Israel, and we're very optimistic and confident about our ability to pretty consistently innovate in that space, building again on things like CARTO 3, our new ThermoCool Catheter, as well as some of the other things we have coming in that area to ensure that we maintain and build upon our very strong leadership position. If we look at other areas, obviously, we've -- I mentioned the INCRAFT AAA stent. Again, early results, and we have few patients so far, we're getting ready to open up the clinical program on that later this year. The results have been encouraging. It's got a very low profile, and so far, we've been pleased with what we've seen, but obviously, we've got a lot more work that needs to be done in that area. And beyond that, we're continuing to look at some of the other spaces that I mentioned to you. And, again, those could range from things like severe hypertension. Again, there's a lot of unmet need there. Other areas that I -- that we've talked about in the past, even the LVAD space is one that we watch. So I think we want to take a balanced approach. We want to have good internal development programs, and obviously, they were going to need to rebuild some of our cardiovascular capabilities, given recent decisions and discussions, as well as make a very selective and appropriate external investments as well, which we've done historically through JJDC, as well as directly with Cordis.
Alex Gorsky: Yes, we do. For hips we saw it down about 3%; knees, about 1%; and spine, about 3%. We don't have the mix based upon the data challenge on a worldwide basis.
Alex Gorsky: Overall, fairly consistent. And, again, I tend to look at this on a multi-quarter basis versus just a direct quarter-to-quarter because of the data, but fairly consistent.
Alex Gorsky: It's actually been pretty consistent now for about the last 6 to 12 months, and while we continue to see good performance on more minimally invasive approach and things that we're doing with both Cougar and our Viper systems, overall, if I look at the market, I think the trends have been fairly consistent.
Alex Gorsky: Sure, Matt. I would paint it pretty much sideways based upon what we've seen so far. That market usually grows at a pretty consistent 1% to 2% range. We've seen it actually go negative. It's been relatively flat. So if I take that and also contrast it and compare it with some of the other data sources that we have around hospital admissions and actual surgical procedures to include ambulatory surgical procedures, I think flat to sideways is probably the best description that I have at this time.
Alex Gorsky: Sure. We are excited about the growth opportunities in China, particularly in the ortho space as we look at not only the S-1, the S-2 segment. We've had a strong presence in the S-1 for a while, but I was just in China about 3 weeks ago, opening up a new R&D center we have.  And we really got what I would say is a several-pronged approach to help us, first of all, access new patients and frankly provide them and their surgeons a lot better options and to really grow our business. And it starts with R&D. We recently opened an R&D center there and our focus there is to, number 1, make sure that we've got the right insights into the local market needs; and then 2, to have scientists, engineers, physicians locally that work and work together as part of a team to bring those concepts to life within those markets.  Historically, we tended to take our products from the U.S. to the developed markets and taking them to China sometimes at a different price point. But what we prefer to do is look at things, such as in the orthopedic space, is there a need for a different size of knee for a one that is facilitated through easier and more straightforward surgical procedures that can meet the unique needs of that particular market. That's an example of the kind of things we're looking at, but the same would apply to hips, as well as the spine space.  Next, we also have a manufacturing facility in China, and it's really state-of-the-art. And it's something that we want to be able to continue to build on. And then third, we've also invested significantly in our commercial model. We've got a different organization that focuses on the S-2. We think that, that's really important. And we've seen some positive signs about their accomplishments in the market. But that's also something that we're spending a lot of time and effort on to make sure that we execute that in the right way.  Regarding other partnering opportunities, that's certainly something that we're always looking for. We've got some smaller partnerships already in the region, but we want to continue to build on those as well going forward. So that's really our overall approach. I mean, ultimately, what we'd like to see is that for us to be able to develop, design, manufacture products in those markets that may be applicable to emerging markets in other parts of the world outside of China. And we're not there today, but that would be our goal in the future.
Alex Gorsky: If you look only at the U.S. data, it was a touch worse. But again, if you look back 3 quarters or so, the data does bounce around. That's why I would just be very cautious about a single point. And also on a worldwide basis, it's actually been pretty consistent.
Alex Gorsky: Remember, last year in 2010, we saw very strong first half of the year across most of the MD&D. And so some of that is lapping effect and some of it is -- as I said earlier, we see that the current dynamics that are taking place, particularly in developed markets, we see those fundamentally continuing to the rest of the year. So there's likely to be some potential upside from just the lapping. But the core underlying dynamics, we think will be the same.
Alex Gorsky: And Kristen, I guess what I would just add longer term is we just think it's critically important that we always challenge ourselves around our strategic investments for our overall portfolio. And again, while we obviously thought very carefully about this, we've been going forward. It's the right thing to do, not only for our cardiovascular business, but for all of the MD&D given some of the other, we feel, are very exciting opportunities that we have and things such as biosurgicals, energy, EP and other emerging areas.
Alex Gorsky: No, I won't comment on that right now, but you're right. I mean, we've done a number of small -- what I'd call smaller divestitures such as our wound care, our breast care business in the past. We've done some other small- to medium-sized acquisitions, the Acclarent, Mentor and others. And we would expect to continue taking that kind of approach going forward.
Alex Gorsky: David, that's a good question. And I guess the way I would answer that is to step back and put by perhaps a little bit more context on things even like around our Hip performance over the last 12 months. Last year in August, when we announced the recall of ASR, and the first thing that we felt we needed to do is really focus our attention and resources to ensure the patients impacted by the recall got the right information and the right care that they needed in a timely and responsible manner. And while we're obviously concerned about the issues related to ASR, it was important that over the past decade, we got over a million patients that have been held by DePuy hip implant. And so we remain very committed to this space. We're confident that we're going to be able to recover. So the way that we're looking at it is, first of all, we had to make sure that we've looked out after the patient. Also, we're getting ready to launch several important new products. We've had 3 510(k)s and 2 PMA approvals for new hip products in the last 10 months. These include things like RECLAIM, GRIPTION TF, complete Ceramax with Ojax [ph] liners and the Pinnacle system. And these products were clearer to approve and we're in the process of launching them literally as I speak. And we think it's really important that you give surgeons a lot of options as they consider the right fit for their particular patient. So that was first of all. Second, we're spending a lot of time around surgery education and awareness. Over the last few years, we have seen the positions are a little bit more hesitant to travel and learn about new products and techniques. We actually deployed a mobile training institute that's out, and it's about 1,100 square foot surgeon learning center. And this enables DePuy to educate physicians locally without needing to travel. So we think that's a unique approach. And last but certainly not least, just in June, DePuy launched a consumer education and awareness campaign called Real Life Tested. And it's designed to really better educate and empower patients around hip and knee replacement surgery and, frankly, some of the unique options that DePuy offers. That's our overall approach. We're confident that over time, we will return to the position that we think we should have in that market. But we realize in the short term, we have to get our priorities right.
Alex Gorsky: Right. That would be information for hips. If you look at the knee information, early in 2010, you were looking at growth rates of over 10% in Q1. And then on a constant currency basis, let me back up, as reported basis, so Q1 is about 10% reported, Q2, around 5%. And then it went down to about 1% in Q3 and Q4. So that should give you an idea about those markets.
Alex Gorsky: On us. We think it's certainly having an impact in other areas. If we're talking about its impact on us, we don't think it's significant.
Louise Mehrotra: Sure. On an operational basis, spine in the U.S. is down 4%, and o U.S. is up 8%. So on a total basis, it's flat.
Louise Mehrotra: So, Larry, in the second quarter, the drug-eluting stent business in a quarter was about $65 million, and on a year-to-date basis, it's about $180 million. Last year, it was about $630 million.
Louise Mehrotra: We don't break it out that specifically, but you can back out the drug-eluting stents out of that. Biosense Webster is just under $1 billion business. That's the degree of detail we've given on it.
Louise Mehrotra: Yes. So what we said was from the Fort Washington facility, which was primarily the liquids, we're only going to see a modest amount back on the market this year.
Louise Mehrotra: It is more broadly in 2012. It is ramping up in the beginning, the first half of 2012, but it is a little bit slower than previous.
Louise Mehrotra: So, Glenn, I'll take that one. For the U.S. on hips, pure price, minus 5%, so mid-single digits. In the knees, low-single digits negative, in the U.S. only. And then in spine, it's in the mid-single-digit range as well, and that's pure price.
Louise Mehrotra: Okay. So Bob, as you know, we're the first one out. So we're just kind of using a crystal ball on the second quarter right now. But for the U.S. hips, we think on a sequential basis, mix price just got a little bit more negative, and there's some noise in the market. But until the other manufacturers report, we're not going to have a whole lot of clarity on that. In terms of knees, we think price mix sequentially in the U.S. was positive, primarily mix.
Louise Mehrotra: We've gotten slight negative on the market and a whole lot of other factors. But again, until the other manufacturers report, we can't get a real clarity on what specifically that is.
Louise Mehrotra: Okay. So in general on DePuy, I'm going from memory, the first quarter grew about 8% operationally last year. The second quarter grew about 4% and the third quarter grew about 2%. So you do see the declining, and then I believe the fourth quarter was about 1%. It kind of halves itself throughout the year. So you are going to see easier comps in the DePuy area. Alex has got some more information he can give you.
Sara Michelmore: When you talk about the TYLENOL remediation program, Louise, it did sound like you maybe we’re seeing some additional challenges or delays there. I just was hoping you can clarify the commentary versus what you've said previously.
Sara Michelmore: Okay. And then in 2012, I think initially, you'd said that you should be back in sort of full-scale production in the first half of the year. It sounded like maybe you're talking 2012 broadly now.
Sara Michelmore: Okay. That's helpful. And in terms of going over to Alex, when we think about the cardiovascular franchise and what it will look like, it does sound like you're going to maybe extend your footprint in new end markets. I'm just curious in terms of what you have in the internal portfolio today versus what you need to access externally, what your thoughts are in terms of buy versus build.
