Joe Wolk: Hey. Thanks, Chris. I appreciate the questions. So first, with respect the $57 billion. I wanted to make sure that I was clear on the record since I had the opportunity to do that about a month ago that everybody understood the message around the math component of it. We feel very good about our pipeline. We continue to work towards some really good data that came out this quarter around multiple myeloma, MARIPOSA, which we'll talk about in a minute. We continue to see some uptake of some of our newer products and the goal is still that for us. But you'll have a much better and much more informed and probably timely update once we hit the December 5 meeting at the New York Stock Exchange, so stay posted on that. What I do feel comfortable though is that we're moving certainly in the right direction. I wanted to take out the unclarity that maybe was created by currency and the dramatic movements that occurred over the last 18 months. So for MARIPOSA, I would say the study of RYBREVANT and Lazertinib in frontline non-small cell lung cancer versus TAGRISSO remains very much on track. It's an event-driven trial. So there's the potential for final analysis later this year, which is actually two quarters ahead than what we had originally expected, was originally expected to be second quarter of 2024. The accrual to the study we can say is very rapid as there was tremendous interest. And the interim analysis was specified in the protocol with a significantly limited follow-up and supported the continuation of the study. We were blinded to that interim analysis. And as far as what we need to show, I think we’re just going to let the science dictate, let the trial results come out. But we feel pretty comfortable where we’re at now and pleased with how quickly the trial enrolled.
Joe Wolk: Sure. Thanks, Matt for the question. A lot to maybe unpack possibly there. But let me first start with our base assumption, the guidance, which has the underlying assumption that in the U.S., STELARA will lose exclusivity in the late third quarter, early fourth quarter of this year and that's kind of the assumption that we're going on. What I would say is that's somewhat fluid. At this point, there are currently no biosimilars approved. In terms of our planning, we are expecting -- despite learning a lot over the last few years with REMICADE, we're expecting a steeper erosion curve than what was experienced there because this is a self-administered subcutaneous product. There will be multiple competitors on the market at some point, and they may have the affordability of interchangeability. But we may remain committed to growing through the patent exploration. One of the, the great things about our portfolio, whether we're talking within Pharmaceuticals or across the broader businesses, we've got 30 products or platforms that generate over $1 billion in annual revenue. So we're not dependent on one product the way others may have. In terms of unpacking your question maybe a little bit further, I got the sense you were heading towards M&A. Certainly, we always remain vigilant and look at a number of opportunities, making sure there's a strategic fit before we act. If there's a strategic fit, then we're going to look to deploy capital in the way that returns to shareholders to compensate them, quite frankly for the risk that we're bearing on their behalf. But we're not going to do anything out of desperation based on the breadth of our product portfolio. We are lucky in that we've got a strong balance sheet to do whatever we'd like, but we want to make sure it makes good strategic and financial sense. So that's probably the best way to answer that. I know Jennifer and the team are very committed to growing through the loss of STELARA whenever that may occur. And the pipeline data that we’re generating now as well as really the early success we’re having in some of these newer products, I think, positions us well to meet those goals.
Joe Wolk: Great. Thanks for the question, Terence. Let me start with the second one first with respect to the Oral IL-23, where our partners at Protagonist announced some, for very encouraging data out of the Phase 2 FRONTIER 1 study. So we do plan to present data from various pre-clinical and clinical studies on this compound at medical conferences beginning in the second quarter of this year. We believe this could be very much an important and underappreciated asset within our immunology portfolio. With respect to the litigation, we thought that this could come up as a question. So we're very pleased to have Andrew White, our Assistant General Counsel, here with us today. But let me say a little maybe a couple of qualitative things from my seat, and then we can have Andrew either clean it up or give you some more specifics. But it is important to note that these cases and we stand by the safety of the product, there's decades of independent research conducted by reputable government agencies, patient advocacy groups as well as academic institutions that support the safety of cosmetic talc. Furthermore, it was only two years ago, [indiscernible] hearing where the judge really restricted the use of many of the claims, supposedly scientific claims that were being made by the plaintiff attorneys in this case and many pundits even classified it as junk (ph) signs at that point. Here, we have the support of 60,000 to 70,000 claimants that would vote for the proposal as it's currently presented. But curiously, we've got a small number of plaintiff's attorneys who don't even want to give their claimants, the right to vote. So we're simply asking that they get the right to vote. Now from my chair as CFO, it is unfortunate that we've got to put dollars towards, quite frankly, baseless scientific claims. However, litigation is inherently costly when it's protracted and it's also inherently uncertain. And when court (ph) proposal really aims to bring certainty in a very efficient manner for all really involved, something that would otherwise take probably decades to resolve. So let me turn it over to Andrew in terms of maybe any of the specifics that you can add.
Joe Wolk: Yeah. And Larry with respect to operating margins, it's still very early in the year. It's still only April. If we have the opportunity to manage these macroeconomic headwinds that we ended the year with and then maybe provide the flexibility for further investment for great opportunities down the road that fortify the future, we'll certainly look to do that. You guys know us well enough that if we don’t find those meaningful opportunities, we’ll probably have the opportunity to take up guidance down the road. But my first preference would be to deploy that in investment opportunities that secure both MedTech and Pharmaceuticals for the future.
Joe Wolk: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Louise. So I think we're always looking at combinations. The one that's most prolific at this point now is certainly one for non-small cell lung cancer, which really impacts about 20% of lung cancer that's diagnosed today with a certain mutation. We're very much looking forward to the data that may read-out later this year with respect to that. In terms of new areas, I know that the teams are looking very much. I would say some of the new areas that we're coming into now would be some of the bispecific antibodies with respect to multiple myeloma rounding out that portfolio. We know how I want to say almost personalized that disease is and having multiple options for treatments and maybe even someday potentially cures certainly lends itself with the multiple options that we have. We're going to be focused on multiple myeloma, obviously, prostate cancer, lung cancer. We're very excited about some of the data that could read out on what I'll call the MedTech, Pharma combo of -- for bladder cancer and with the TARIS device with the drug eluting BALVERSA. So there's multiple plays within oncology, which is now our biggest franchise with immunology in terms of sales contribution to the pharmaceutical success.
Joe Wolk: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Geoff. So with respect to IMBRUVICA, I would say that we're not expecting any more withdrawals at this point. It is obviously based on our performance, encountering competitive pressures. But it's really the competition that's been the biggest driver in terms of the performance that we're not seeing there, quite frankly. But it's -- the withdrawal was a very small part of our business to begin with, but we don't anticipate other withdrawals at this point. With respect to your second question and supply on CARVYKTI, I would say that you probably did read the announcement recently that we did sign on for additional capacity to scale up some production and increase availability moving forward. The manufacturing is ramping up to supply markets. We have really tremendous demand given some of the data that supports this CARVYKTI, the CAR-T for Johnson & Johnson. And we’re committed to doing everything we can to accelerate our manufacturing abilities to meet that demand. We work in our facility and again continues to progress. And it will serve as an important part of our supply chain network for not just this but other cell therapies in the future.
Ashley McEvoy: Matt, thank you for the question. And before I turn it to Joe on STELARA, it's really nice to see 12% growth in the U.S. for knees. We haven't seen that in a while. But before I get into specifically knees, maybe just a quick frame on like the quarter. Obviously, first, the industry I think continues to remain strong and growing. Procedures are well in recovery mode. It's awesome to see an 11% operational performance and 6.4 adjusted ops for the first quarter. It was our first quarter with Abiomed. So if you look at them on like-for-like periods, it's a standalone of 22% growth. But I think when I look at all of the math, if you will, for the quarter, what I'm most pleased about is really the balanced growth. And we had our BWI business up 13%. Our global vision, up 8%. And our U.S. business, the largest market, growing north of 8% really fueled by ortho performance, up 6% as well as surgery up 6%. And you hear us talk about this 12 $1 billion platform, but six of those grew double-digit in the United States in the quarter. EMEA was strong, and Asia was a little bit softer again by China. Obviously, Jan and Feb was a bit softer. We were encouraged with March procedures recovered in March. But I would call it three specific innovations, and then I'll go deeper into knees. One is our pulse field ablation. So we're very pleased with the data that an AFib that it's promising. We have four clinical trials ongoing. Two out of the four, we've completed enrollment, and we shared the data from the INSPIRE trial where we met the primary endpoint for both safety and efficacy. Our Abiomed, as we've talked about we're about 90 days in. They continue to advance the innovation pipeline. They're in clinic in four clinical trials to expand new products and to expand indications to get designation. And last, I would say, Matt, we are in all things robotics. So let's talk about VELYS. We just received CE Mark positioning it for expansion to more global markets. Right now, we're in five. But I'm pleased to say that it's now the fastest growing knee robotic system in the United States. We've completed over 20,000 procedures. And we're taking a systems approach to our business in hips to shoulders and the spine. Our Monarch platform is the first and only multispecialty flexible robotics solution with FDA clearance in bronchoscopy as well as endo-urology. We've completed 25,000 procedures and are in clinic right now combining the Monarch Endoluminal navigation with ablation treatment technology on new wave. And just recently, in February, we were -- the first patient received robotic-assisted removal of kidney stone. We're trying to get a higher kidney stone clearance rate than the standard of care. And last, as we talked about our team in Ottava is really progressing significantly, really looking forward to a back half of the year update with the team. So VELYS is really a combination of having access to cementless, both on fixed bearing and rotating platform, revision, our new introduction of the medial stabilized knees and most importantly, not just coupled with the robotic system, VELYS, but coupled with the most modern knee implant in the world. Thank you.
Ashley McEvoy: Yeah. No, Larry, what I would share is, I would say that procedures are trending well above all pre-COVID levels. It was up until December with the exception of China. China in December, January and February were well below pre-COVID levels. In January trending like, down (ph) 50%. So I am encouraged to see in March that, they are back up. They are back up a little bit ahead of pre-COVID levels. And so that's why we're kind of rebalancing the year. I think that we're going to have more stability throughout the balance to go year versus earlier thinking that we would be having a stronger second half versus first half.
Ashley McEvoy: Yeah. Thank you, Josh. Listen, it's a really important space. And we always say at J&J, we're always trying to intercept disease before it advances. And this is one example of managing atrial fibrillation, which is the leading cause of cardiac arrhythmia (ph) and unmanaged, that could lead to a stroke. So what gives us confidence that we can lead and compete and have a source of differentiation, I would say kind of the following. I'd say, one, we have a 20-year track record of being a world leader in cardiac ablation. We have 5,000 plus installed base. We do see the promise of PSA. We are actively engaged in four clinical trials. Two of those trials have completed enrollment. The European and INSPIRE as well as the U.S. We've shared data in February in the international AFib symposium that we met the primary endpoint. And I would tell you, our approach is really what's differentiated, Josh. So we're kind of leveraging a deep expertise and the insights into the various ablation strategies. So we have a portfolio of PFA catheters, which are fully integrated into the [indiscernible] system and it's powered by kind of our true pulse generator. So we really underscore the importance of how important mapping is and vision to know where operators are and what they're doing in the heart anatomy. And kind of the bottom line for us is, we actually think access to radio frequency, which has like 20-plus years of safety and efficacy coupled with the newer generation of PFA is really going to be the winning combo for electrophysiologists. It's really why we are in clinic right now with the dual energy solution because we think it could offer the relative safety of the PFA and really the proven durability of radio frequency. So we're not issuing specific timelines, but you can know that we've completed enrollment in two of those four clinical trials.
Ashley McEvoy: No. Thank you, Danielle. It's great to hear your voice. Listen, it's really a combination of both. Procedures are accelerating, particularly like even as recently as March in China, as an example, U.S. working through some of the backlog. So I do think that the market is in our favor. But at the same time, I have to give huge acknowledgment to the Orthopaedics team, who has really built a very differentiated portfolio. And they are now participating in the fastest growing segments within the Orthopaedics category. So if the category is going three to four, they're competing in areas that are high-single digit. And what are those areas? It's all things robotics. It's around new sites of care like, ASCs. It's around extremities. I'm very pleased with our recent acquisition of [indiscernible], a foot and ankle. It's what we talked about around revision needs and cementless needs. Those are really the faster-growing segments in Orthopaedics, and we are well positioned to take advantage of that demand. Thank you for the question.
