Ashley McEvoy: Thank you, Jennifer. Well, listen, clearly, the Med Dev market has been disrupted by this once in a generation event. And I, too, would like to start by acknowledging that this recovery would not be possible without the heroic efforts of healthcare workers around the world. Their selfless dedication to patient care has just been amazing. And I must give a shout out to our J&Jers who since day 1 in Wuhan have been partnering with our customers, covering cases, managing both COVID-19 patients as well as helping to stand back up other important medical procedures. So as Jennifer mentioned, COVID has really been an accelerant for shifts within the med tech industry, really creating a lot of new creative solutions related to digital patient engagement, virtual surgeon training, a shift in sites of care and continued evolution in our business models. We've risen to this challenge in rethinking how we engage with our customers. To name a couple of examples, we partnered with an education partner, Advances in Surgery, where we virtually trained over 1 million surgeons in 150 different countries on COVID-19 protocols as well as ways to safely stand back up medical procedures. We've incorporated remote clinical case support to assist and connect customers around the world. And most recently, in September, we launched resources to educate patients about the importance of routine medical visits and the implications of deferring treatment with the My Health Can't Wait campaign. During the pandemic, we meaningfully advanced our innovation agenda. We continue to increase the overall value of our new product pipeline and are shifting to more substantial and transformational innovation. In quarter 3, we received FDA approval for the indication to treat persistent atrial fibrillation in our Biosense Webster business. We were granted approval from Health Canada for a first of its kind drug-eluting contact lens for allergy sufferers. We submitted our FDA filing for our upcoming VELYS robotic-assisted knee replacement program. We received FDA clearance for our dual mobility hip, a high growth segment. And lastly, we've begun a rollout of an entire revamp of our Ethicon Endocutter ECHELON platform from [budgeted] to powered circular staplers to improve stapling mechanisms, all to reduce leaks and improve outcomes. So as we've been talking about med tech, really, we've been on this 3-year improvement journey, and we are demonstrating progress with growth year-over-year from 1.5% in 2017 to 3.9% in 2019. While COVID temporarily interrupted this progression, our results this quarter demonstrate that in addition to the overall market recovery, the strategic choices we've made to strengthen our competitiveness and our relentless focus on customers and patients are working. It's good to see our largest market, United States grow positive, up 1% growth. Our second largest market, China, delivered 17% growth and platforms like Biosense Webster and CERENOVUS grew double-digits. And hip, trauma and biosurgery, all posted low to mid-single-digit growth. So looking forward, there's still going to be factors like patient willingness and affordability of medical care, which will continue to drive some level of uncertainty in the near term. However, when I look at the end markets overall in med tech, I continue to be optimistic as there's still unmet clinical need to be met. So knowing what we know today with the impact of COVID and what it had on 2020, I expect that we're going to deliver robust double-digit operational growth in 2021. Thanks for your time. Looking forward to the questions. And now I'm going to turn it over to Thibaut.
Ashley McEvoy: So thanks for the question, David. Maybe I'll start with really -- obviously, we ended Q3 down 3%. As Joe mentioned, our expectations for quarter 4, they're really in line with the range communicated in July. We've tightened it a bit to make it from flat to down 10%. And just as a reminder, this is a guide versus what we originally communicated in the beginning of the year in January of our plan. So if you look at this, it means that our range for quarter 4 could be consistent with the results we delivered in quarter 3, a kind of one-bookend to then delivering some modest growth versus 2019 last year. And things that we're considering, I do think that we're confident in how hospitals are managing through the surges. We are paying close attention to patient sentiment and affordability. And at J&J, I believe, Chris mentioned, we did have -- we are bleeding through some inventory that we procured truly in the beginning of the year for China. And we will be also adjusting from, as Chris mentioned, coming off of last year the Japan consumption tax. So those are two things to consider, one from this year and one from last year. 
Ashley McEvoy: Thank you, Larry. So listen, for 2021, we do anticipate, as I mentioned, double-digit growth versus 2020. And we do anticipate growth in 2021 relative to where we exited 2019.
Ashley McEvoy: Well, thank you, Josh. I think your question was about the ACA. And in our business for J&J Med Device, we have about 60% of our payer mix as public. Clearly, a big chunk of that is Medicare and then the smaller amount of Medicaid and about 40% private. So we do anticipate Medicaid increasing its amount, and we do anticipate given employment and some of the economic challenges that, that private amount may decrease a bit. So we’ve factored those into our considerations when you look at 2021. And then I think your second question was really around patient sentiment. And I would tell you that, that's fast-evolving data that we look at weekly and monthly. And we are always looking to how do we replenish that funnel, and we've factored those considerations into our assumptions into 2021.
Ashley McEvoy: So thank you, Danielle. When we look at -- again, I have to give a huge acknowledgment to our customers, quite frankly, around the world of how they've really figured out how to manage people with COVID as well as manage patients who don't have COVID. And when we look at our top 10 markets, we see about a 95% recovery to-date in the past 4 weeks. And really, obviously, with China leading the way, but we also saw positives in areas like Germany, in areas like Russia. In the United States, it is around 95%, and -- which is remarkable, if you think about it, that we're in October. And then we look at the top 10 IDNs, which are really -- many of those are presenting more hotter spots for COVID, they're around 92% recovered. And clearly, some hospitals are well above 100, and some are a little softer than that. And so I think it really demonstrates to us that they have really learned how to manage those patient populations quite well. And when we go forward, we did see in quarter 3, a significant kind of clearing out of the patient backlog. We think when we go into quarter 4, there's a little bit more to go. What we're paying attention to is really the diagnosis, Danielle, to say, let me give you an example, colorectal surgery. Those colorectal surgeries in the United States are down about 10% to 12% from a procedure point of view versus pre-COVID baseline. But the diagnosis, the colonoscopy is down about 20% to 30%. Now that's improving because that used to be down 50%. So we're looking at MRIs for joint and spine surgeries. And when we start to see that number improve, I think it shows that the new patient funnel is starting to replenish at a pace we hope to have.
Ashley McEvoy: Yes. Just to complement what Jennifer mentioned -- this is Ashley, Louise, I would just echo that from a med tech point of view. You heard us share around the new indication in our PMA for persistent AFib. But recently, in the past couple of months, we were granted a breakthrough designation for the slowing down the progression of myopia in our vision business. That's moving forward nicely, and we were granted a breakthrough designation that's moving forward nicely on the combination of our Monarch and Illumina Diagnostics, coupled with our NeuWave ablation technology for lung nodules. But from a notion of regulatory approvals and engagement as well as audits, I couldn't be more encouraged.
Mathai Mammen: So, we know very little information right now. We've given our information set that we do know to the DSMB, and they've asked a number of specific questions. We don't know whether they haven't informed us. They have the right to unblind. We are still blinded. So we don't know treatment arm, vaccine arm. We know very little at this point. And it will be a few days at minimum for the right set of information to be gathered and evaluated.
Mathai Mammen: Sure. So in terms of the vaccine overall, like as soon as we overcome this temporary pause. Our plan is to continue to pursue studies that were on route. And the vaccine efficacy -- specifically was your question, all statistical analysis plan assume something and we've assumed 70% vaccine efficacy for this trial. But of course, based on the Phase 1/2a data, we're very bullish on that or better efficacy. So, if we happen to see better efficacy than that, what will happen, we’ll see events -- will -- as they come in, will show a greater imbalance between placebo and vaccine. And we have a chance to finish even faster. And so that's how it'll manifest, we just assume something for the moment. But that doesn’t actually dictate how the study is conducted. 
Mathai Mammen: Yes, vaccine question. So this interaction right now we're having with regulators and DSMB doesn't change our manufacturing process or plans at all. And we're well underway with our program right now, and we're looking forward to getting going. Our overall plans are to complete recruitment of the [50,000] subjects in 2 or 3 months, and that remains on track.
Joe Wolk: And David, with respect to Pharmaceuticals, I do think that we could see acceleration. So, the in-line portfolio continues to perform extremely well as we've seen. We're getting nice uptake in some of our larger products, notably STELARA in UC, which was recently an approval we acquired, TREMFYA for PSA. I would also point to some of the filings that we anticipate here in the near-term with respect to the CAR-T BCMA as well as amivantamab for non-small cell lung cancer, potentially on the horizon and part of the mix in 2021. I will also point out that while this quarter was strong, we still have some impact in all three segments related to COVID-19 dynamics. So, there's probably 2 to 3 points of growth that hampered the third quarter reported results. As you can imagine, there's still a segment of the population that's a little bit cautious about going out in public, having their normal office visits. So, I would anticipate that should come back as therapeutics, as vaccines, as people know more about the virus itself. So, it wouldn't be beyond our expectation to think that Jennifer and her team could do even better in 2021.
Joe Wolk: Chris, thanks for the questions. I'll take the first question around margins, and then I'll turn it over to Jennifer to give some thoughts with respect to an outlook to the extent we can provide on pharmaceutical pricing. So, with margins, in my commentary, I referenced, we should be around 2019 operating margin levels, that would exclude other income. So, it would exclude the ASP divestiture gain that you've referenced. Our operating margin for 2019 was 31.3%. We expect to get back to that level. We're going to continue to invest in our pipeline. Recall, too, that in our projections for 2021, we're looking at the Momenta transaction, which was dilutive by as much as $0.15. So that's part of the mix. But I would say, Chris, to probably best labelled, if I was to label them as normal operating margins, we expect to grow our bottom line slightly faster than our top line in most years. And so, I think we'll continue to look to do that with respect to the portfolio and our investment capacity, but not compromising the long-term at any point in time.
Joe Wolk: Great. Thank you, Chris, and thank you, again, everyone, for joining today's call to discuss our third quarter results and your very thoughtful questions. I'd also like to take a moment to just thank the Johnson & Johnson associates around the world for their unrelenting commitment to deliver for patients and all of our stakeholders around the world. Don't forget to mark your calendars to join us for our virtual medical device update on Thursday, November 19. Best wishes for continued safety and health and know that we will responsibly provide relevant, transparent updates as warranted. Bye for now.
Jennifer Taubert: Chris, it's Jennifer. I can jump in on the pricing one. So, whether it's based on unemployment trends or whether it's based on healthcare reform, we do see that there is going to be continued pressure on pricing across the pharma industry. I think an important reminder is that for us, our growth is all based on volume, not price. So, we think relative to our competitive set, that we are very well positioned for this future environment. We work very, very hard to develop robust value propositions and to be able to get appropriate value for our products in the market, and we'll continue to do so. But whether it's through healthcare reform efforts, which actually we think could ultimately have a positive if it can help lower patient out-of-pocket costs or through other channel mix and dynamics, we do think that there will be continued pressure there.
Jennifer Taubert: And then if we talk about INVEGA SUSTENNA, we are very confident in our IP positions around our long-acting injectable portfolio, whether we're talking about INVEGA SUSTENNA, whether we're talking about INVEGA TRINZA, those products bring significant benefit to patients with schizophrenia. And so Larry, as you noted, we do have the bench trial that's starting, but that we feel good in our position there and that those assets are going to continue to be able to deliver not only for patients with schizophrenia, but also for Janssen and for Johnson & Johnson.
Jennifer Taubert: Yes. And then it's Jennifer. I'll jump in on the immunology front. So immunology, as you know, is our largest business for the Janssen franchise and continues to deliver very, very strong growth. And both STELARA and TREMFYA delivered very solid quarters. STELARA is showing very significant gains globally in both Crohn's Disease and in the ulcerative colitis launch. And very importantly, just this week, we have 5-year long-term remission data in Crohn's Disease that is actually being presented publicly, which we think is another great catalyst and demonstration of the significant benefits that STELARA offers to patients in the GI space. From a TREMFYA perspective, we've got very strong growth and competitiveness as we continue to launch into not only psoriasis, but now also psoriatic arthritis, which we think is going to be a great catalyst, not only for psoriatic arthritis, but also for the psoriasis business. And right now with TREMFYA, we're the only IL-23 that has that psoriatic arthritis indication and hopefully, as you know, we're also studying it for GI applications and our Crohn's Phase 2 data was actually presented this week as well at the United European Gastroenterology Week. So using our IL-23 pathway strategy, we're not only developing TREMFYA for psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis but also taking it into the GI space where we believe that we're going to be able to benefit even more patients because there's still so much unmet medical need there. Now you've referenced Momenta, and we were really excited to both announce that deal and to close that deal in a very short timeframe. And that acquisition is going to give us the opportunity to enter into the autoantibody space, where we believe for nipocalimab, we've got as many as 10 or more indications that we're going to be able to go into to really transform autoantibody-related diseases. And just about all of these are very underserved, in many cases, we'll be able to be first-in-class, and we believe, best-in-class, and we think this is going to be a really significant catalyst for us. We've also got a number of other assets in the immunology portfolio, the one we brought in bermekimab from XBiotech. We've got other novel mechanisms that are being developed in GI applications, and we'll look forward to really unveiling the true breadth of our immunology pipeline when we have our Analyst Day in 2021. But so let me come back to your question on REMICADE. REMICADE, I think we can anticipate continued relatively similar declines going forward as that product is very, very late in its life cycle. But please know across the breadth of our immunology portfolio, we have got a ton of strength there and are really planning on continuing -- having that be one of our leading franchises for the Janssen business globally.
Jennifer Taubert: So when we look on the pharma side, so we continue to see improving new-to-brand trends. For some of the assets, there's still a little bit below pre-COVID levels as patients are just getting back in for the diagnosis and the workups and everything to ultimately get diagnosed and then treated. But as we take a look at total demand, most of our brands and as we're looking across the market, are really back to and above pre-COVID levels. And we’re definitely seeing stability and some growth in that area. I think while new-to-brand has still been a bit depressed, what we're seeing is higher rates of refills, higher rates of persistency and lower rates of switch. And so they sort of compensate for each other. And so we've been really pleased with the recovery that we've seen. We think that our customers as well are really adapting and figuring out how to use a combination of both telehealth as well as in-person visits depending upon the actual patient and potential diagnosis and we see very positive trends going forward. And should there be any type of second wave, we think that they're going to be much better able to handle that in the second wave than what we saw originally.
Jennifer Taubert: Sure. So a couple of points. So first, our industry is demonstrating really heroic and historic leadership during this public health crisis. And between everything that, the R&D teams and manufacturing teams are doing around the clock to help bring forward new vaccines and new treatments, as well as what the commercial teams are doing to be prepared to both be able to supply these products in the marketplace but also make sure that there's going to be a receptive audience and demand, people actually wanting to get these vaccines once they get to market. There's a lot of work that's underway there now. What I can say is, as an industry group, we really have come together. And in working with our local industry associations, be they bio or pharma in the U.S., be at IFPMA ex-U.S., there's a lot of work that's underway to help develop and build vaccine confidence across the board by different types of audiences. So everything from making sure that providers, physicians, nurses, pharmacists, people who would be involved in the administration have accurate information and information that they can use with their patients, because they're viewed so positively to broad campaigns, to even very targeted local campaigns to get add on specific minority populations, who otherwise might not be as receptive. All of this work is currently underway and I think you can look forward to many types of different campaigns to enroll all of the appropriate folks at the appropriate time, once we have greater line of sight into when these products will actually be able to reach the market.  But safe to say everybody realizes the vaccine confidence is really, really key. And there's a lot of great work that that's being done and more to come on that as we're able to start unveiling it as the products get closer to the market and emergencies authorizations. 
Jennifer Taubert: Yes. And in terms of our working with the agency, we've had a really good track record over the past few months, really during the height of COVID and continuing to submit files, have them accepted and really importantly, get approvals, not only on time but actually ahead of time. So as an example, our DARZALEX FASPRO formulation, our subcu form for multiple myeloma was actually approved ahead of schedule. We had an IMBRUVICA new indication. As you know, we've got 11 indications now for IMBRUVICA. And we had 1 of the new ones there approved ahead of time. I mentioned TREMFYA PSA in that approval. And I could go on and list others, but we continue to have very productive conversations with the FDA and continue to have our products moving through the pipeline as anticipated, and in some cases, even faster than planned.
