Louise Mehrotra: So we'll now begin the Q&A session. If you could wait for a mic before you ask your question because we are webcasting this meeting. So we have Catherine over here.
Louise Mehrotra: So we are seeing some volume reduction in it because of increasing co-pays as well as out-of-pocket expenses, so we are seeing volumes being depressed.
Louise Mehrotra: Derrick, can I just clarify one thing, the $150 million includes U.S. healthcare reform as well as European austerity measures. It's about two-thirds U.S. healthcare reform, one-third austerity measures.
Louise Mehrotra: Bob?Bob Hopkins – Bank of America: I just wanted to see if I could get you to clarify the comment earlier about orthopedic pricing trends, that down 1.5%, which is a net of price and mix. First of all, is that a global number for global hips and knees? And how does that compare to what you saw the last couple of quarters, where I think you've commented at [inaudible] like these that there had been no change. Now I think you're saying maybe there is a little change. Just wanted to get a sense for what that is sequentially.
Louise Mehrotra: So hips and knees, together in the U.S., is down about 1% to 2%. That's pretty consistent in total versus the prior quarter. OUS is down about 1%. And then spine is - previously I had said it was down mid-single digits. We did see, actually, some positive on the spine pricing, so it's still down, but it's down less than the last quarter.
Louise Mehrotra: In total if you look at hips and knees together it's similar, but we did see a little bit more in the hip in the quarter versus the knees in the U.S.
Louise Mehrotra: Spine got a little better, and we did see hips get a little tougher, but we saw knees offset that. So in total we're very similar.
Louise Mehrotra: And Glenn, I just want to clarify a little bit. The pricing in Europe in medical devices, we always have pricing pressure in that market. What Dominic was referring to was additional because of European austerity. We've seen very limited impact because of European austerity. And we'll take one last question from Eddie.
Sheri McCoy: I'll just follow up on the two questions you had. First of all, on the anti-nerve-growth factor, we have not had any impact to our clinical study. We have been in contact with the FDA but we're continuing with that and are very optimistic about that compound.  In the area of Invega Sustenna, what we're seeing is the most severe patients are the ones that are being put onto Invega Sustenna. We are seeing some switching from Risperdal Consta but we're also seeing people coming from other therapies where they've failed that therapy.
Sheri McCoy: On Concerta, at this point we don't have any indication of any generic approval. As you know, we have not heard back from the FDA after our citizen's petition many years ago. We're still watching and waiting, but we have not seen anything additional.
Sheri McCoy: We're in discussion right now with Bayer on that point, because obviously it's material for them. So we're in discussions with them on what we can and cannot release.
Sheri McCoy: We feel very good. If you looked at those growth products that I identified, the 26% growth, a lot of that, you know the Prezistas, the Concertas, etc. are doing very well. So you're right that Levaquin is one that will be coming off patent in 2011. We're seeing some decline there and some generic impact, but we feel very good about the products and are investing - if we have a choice from a marketing and sales spend we're investing behind the growth products. And so those are areas that we're not focusing on. Aciphex we continue to invest behind as well, but we do see some challenges in that space, PPI space
Sheri McCoy: On the U.S. thrombosis market, if you look at the size of the market today it's about a $3.8 billion, $3.9 billion market, projected to grow to about an $8 billion market. Importantly, if you look at people who are using warfarin or Coumadin today the issue is around monitoring and what we see is if you have an oral anticoagulant we think there's an opportunity not only to reach those patients but potentially to even grow the market, because it's much more convenient. People will stay on the medications, etc. And in the studies that we're doing, obviously we haven't seen the data yet on the a-fib, but we will see that in the next few weeks and be able to present that. Certainly we think that will be an opportunity, because we'll be testing versus standard of care, which is warfarin. So we believe that there will be broad usage and penetration based on those results, assuming a very positive result. [Inaudible question.] I think there is. I think that it is going to be an oral factor 10A. It will be different than [inaudible] and we think that it will depend on the data that we get, but assuming very positive data we think there will be a sweet spot.
Sheri McCoy: Sure. So operational growth on trauma was 1% in the U.S. and minus 3% OUS, so total is flat. And Mitek, about 11% in the U.S., OUS about 3%. In total it's about 7%.
Sheri McCoy: As we talked about revitalizing our portfolio our focus has been on driving those growth products. What we saw in third quarter was strong growth from those key products. We did have some benefit of some one-time differences, specifically the Remicade international shipments and some year-on-year comparisons in our oral contraceptive business. So we do expect to continue to grow, but I think we did see a specific benefit in third quarter based on those one-time items.
Sheri McCoy: On Yondellis, we're optimistic about that product. We received a complete response because they wanted to see overall survival data. And so we're continuing the study to - and it's based on number of events, but we do have that product approved in many markets around the world, so we're optimistic on Yondellis and certainly we'll focus on getting the overall survival data to go back with a complete response letter. For Nucynta ER, the question from the FDA was around bioequivalence of what we did the safety and clinical testing on relative to another formulation that we're planning to launch from a tamper-resistance perspective. We will be in discussions with the FDA and we'll get more clarity around what's required for this bioequivalence. I think the important thing is that they're not asking for additional clinical data. As it relates to Nucynta IR we have been aggressively selling that product. We are focused on primary care physicians as well as pain specialists and orthopedics, and so we are not doing anything to slow down IR in waiting for ER.
Dominic Caruso: On DePuy, the orthopedics - well, pricing in general in medical devices has been under pressure and the DePuy business or orthopedics overall our latest estimates are that price, inclusive of mix, is down about 1.5% as compared to last year.
Dominic Caruso: I think the best way to answer that Mike, is when we give guidance in January we'll let you know what we assume. [Laughter.]
Dominic Caruso: One thing to clarify, in the quarter, of course, we have two impacts to gross margin, which I alluded to. One is pricing pressure, and the second is the lack of sales of the OTC business compared to prior year -
Dominic Caruso: Okay. So with respect to pricing overall, both in medical devices both in U.S. and Europe, and in healthcare reform impacting price essentially in pharmaceuticals, we had talked about the fact that we were beginning and are now implementing an enterprise-wide supply chain initiative. That will help us in terms of being able to control better the price of production, the cost of production, and therefore try to mitigate any of the pricing impacts that impact gross margin. So that program is underway.  Of course, it's not a one-year program. It takes time, it involves rationalization of plans, and efficiencies in the production arena. We believe that's a good place to go in the business. We think we have opportunities there. We would rather not reduce our investment in R&D spending and we'd rather not cut back on the investment necessary to launch the products successfully in the market. So that's how we're addressing gross margin through the operations initiative.  In terms of the supply of the McNeil products and the ramp-up of the Fort Washington plant, the plant is shut down as you know. The plant will not be operational until late 2011. However, we've already begun transferring the products to other manufacturing locations within Johnson & Johnson as I stated earlier.  We began shipping already some products at a smaller, limited quantity. It will ramp up again through the end of the year and then throughout 2011. In the first half of the year we'll ramp up to normal levels. It probably won't reach normal levels until mid-way through the year.
Dominic Caruso: I think that's true. I think pricing also has been an impact in that business as well, but Louise is right. Overall, out-of-pocket spending by consumers is under pressure, and that particular business, of course with diabetes test strips there is some out-of-pocket spending that impacts consumers' behavior.
Dominic Caruso: Well, we don't have great data yet for September or October. Procedures did slow down across the board. We do think it's as I said earlier, this manifestation of all of a sudden in the U.S. those who are unemployed and had the extension of COBRA benefits. And many of you may remember this. There's a 65% subsidy to individuals that were unemployed to help them cover their COBRA costs, and that went away in May. So obviously that had an impact in individuals deciding whether or not to go in for elective procedures. We did see a slowdown overall in hospital admissions and also in elective procedures and in overall lab tests, and [inaudible] was also a slowdown. Aesthetic medicine seems to be recovering, which is an unusual phenomenon I guess given everything else that we're seeing, and overall we do believe that this is a factor that's absolutely tied to unemployment, and I think it was broad-based in what we saw. Louise, I don't know if you had any other observations in the data.
Dominic Caruso: Right. Well, as I said earlier this enterprise supply chain initiative that we've embarked on will help us address that issue and we'll do everything we can to keep margins reasonable in the face of these pretty severe pricing pressures. But this is not a one-year project, right? This takes some time to get the plants rationalized and volumes moved around in the right place. So we'll do our best. We don't manage each line of the P&L that way, Matt. We look at overall - what's the overall performance of the business and what's the best place to invest versus reduce costs. So we'll do what we can with the gross margin line, but it's not a one-year project.
Dominic Caruso: What we're running now? Sure, there's volume pressure in overall gross margin. That's reflected in the overall gross margin. That's correct.
Dominic Caruso: Right, well just an overall comment on the M&A strategy. Of course it's part of a growth strategy, which begins with investing in organic development first and foremost. It is the most capital efficient way for us to grow. Then Jami, as you know, we partner and license products quite a bit, so there's a second-tier strategy, partnering and licensing. And then thirdly, selectively acquiring companies and assets where we think the returns are appropriate given the risk profile.  So I'm not sure the risk appetite changes as much as we learn more about the relative compounds we're able to better assess the outlook for those compounds and therefore hopefully work a deal where the price we pay gives our shareholders an appropriate return given the risk of putting shareholders' capital to work. So in the case of [inaudible], obviously we worked closely with that team in our due diligence efforts and we're pleased with what we saw, which enabled us to go forward. And with Crucell, as Sheri mentioned, we already had a collaboration with Crucell last year, obviously learned a lot about the great capabilities that that organization has. So we're able to better assess the risk involved and therefore take the actions that we took.  And then second part of your question about utilization of cash and many companies in our industry in particular have cash overseas and as you know greater than 50% of our business is overseas, so it's natural that we would accumulate some cash overseas. We'll intend to invest that appropriately. Crucell is a good example of that. We're going to use our ex-U.S. cash to invest in the Crucell transaction and we'll always look for opportunities to use that cash. But having a little bit of cash is not such a bad thing these days.
Dominic Caruso: And just to further clarify that $150 million Louise was talking about was in the quarter, so $100 million of U.S. healthcare reform and $50 million of European austerity. We have previously discussed in the previous quarter review that we expected the impact of European pricing pressure for 2010 to be about $200 million, and that we didn't see much of it early in the year. We saw it ramping up through the latter part of the year. We are seeing what we expected we would see, so our estimate was about $200 million for this year.  Obviously since it's just ramped up towards the latter part of this year we would expect that this would continue into next year. The pricing pressures appear to be somewhere in the neighborhood of mid-single-digits in terms of incremental price in the European markets that we compete in. So that's what this $200 million refers to for the second half of the year, and obviously you can consider what the full-year impact might be in 2011. It's not any particular country, per se. It's all the countries that have announced various austerity measures. That's our estimate of how those will roll into next year. So we can't single out any one particular country.  And then in medical devices, we haven't seen much of a pricing impact per se in the European market, but rather a slowdown in volume, or a procedure slowdown.
Dominic Caruso: Bruce, you're absolutely right that hospitals are under some profit pressure, and you also mentioned that elective procedures slowing down compound that, but we think they're obviously related. One of the reasons why they're under some profit pressure is there are less volumes in the hospitals, and many of the volumes are down because of this uncertainty in terms of can someone who's unemployed afford, or should they incur the out-of-pocket cost. I think obviously as that improves volumes would improve and elective procedures would improve and hospitals would be under less pressure. Whether or not price returns to where it was before, I don't want to speculate now. I think it's too early to speculate. But I do think that these two phenomena are related. The profit pressure of hospitals is primarily related to the volume pressures that they're facing today.
Dominic Caruso: As I said in my comments, we did see some pressure on gross margin as you can see from the results, but we decided that it was important for us to continue to invest in R&D in particular, so you'll see R&D went up a little bit as a percent of sales and SG&A not as far down as you might have expected, because we're going to launch these products successfully. We're fortunate enough to be able to have some other offsetting gains when we readjust our portfolio and divest some assets as you'd expect us to. We'd redeploy those gains to other pieces of the business. So we're going to continue to invest in the business, and I've tried to highlight for you how we intend to cover that in the current estimate.
Dominic Caruso: Well, we don't have a significant part of our business that is impacted by capital purchases, but in both diagnostics and in some of the Biosense Webster business obviously we do see hospital pressure in terms of capital budgets. Although the launches of the OCD products are doing well, the Vitros launches, and as Louise mentioned the Carto system in Biosense Webster seems to be doing well. So where there's innovation and improvements in the throughput of a hospital, we see less pressure on capital spending there.
Dominic Caruso: Larry, you're right. In the June MD&D review we estimated that the MD&D market through 2014 would grow at about 5%. It's obviously not growing at that level now. We do think that that phenomenon we saw in the U.S. of the termination of these COBRA benefits has a significant impact in patients deciding whether to go in for these elective procedures. So I'm not sure that that's a long-term phenomenon. It's hard to say, but I would say that the 5% over time might be under a little pressure if unemployment stays at these relatively high rates for an extended period of time. I can't give you a new estimate as of now.
Dominic Caruso: I think you're right that we will see some pricing pressure in medical devices in Europe in 2011 and we certainly didn't see much of it so far in 2010. The other phenomenon in addition to the tender system is of course many of the countries have a DRG system, so there's not a direct specific price for the product issue as there is in pharmaceuticals, where governments pay the hospitals a fixed cost for the procedure. So that tends to buffer the pricing impact a little bit in medical devices. But I do think as tenders - and our folks have told us that as tenders are coming up they're sensing some pricing pressure will manifest itself in 2011, but I can't give you an estimate as of now. We increased our share repurchase program for a couple of reasons. It has nothing to do with the debt financing. That was just opportunistic that we were able to get long-term debt at extremely attractive rates. We typically look at the overall cash utilization of the company and when we're evaluating various opportunities in the business we may pause and take a look at other things. So as you know we completed Micrus. We have now announced the acquisition of Crucell. Unfortunately our stock did take a bit of a hit early in the quarter at what we thought was an unusually low level. So I think, you know, alignment of where we're spending our cash and also that short period of time that we saw the stock take a hit we took advantage of that opportunity.
Dominic Caruso: On the SG&A line, and as you've heard us say before, we don't typically manage every single line in a certain formula base. We decide to invest where we think it's appropriate to invest. Remember that we've implemented a restructuring program, which was partially implemented this year and then expands in 2011. So obviously that will have some impact on the SG&A line. But as I said earlier, and as we said when we announced the restructuring program, that we'll look to reinvest as much of the savings as we can when launching new products. So as these products that Sheri's business and Alex's business are beginning to come out of the FDA and into the marketplace we're going to take every opportunity to invest behind them. I think you'll see us manage the overall P&L and not necessarily just one line of the P&L. So I can't comment on exactly what will happen to that line in the long-term. But you've seen us manage on an overall pre-tax operating margin and when we don't we try to describe exactly what we're doing instead of improving pre-tax operating margins. But I think in this marketplace, with slower markets in particular, I think it's wise to continue to invest in the business and not retract from the markets, because we still see great opportunities in these markets and we want to be there once the markets return.
Dominic Caruso: Okay, well thanks. Thanks everyone and thank you Sheri for a terrific review of the pharmaceutical pipeline. In closing let me just say we remain positive about the underlying growth opportunities for our business as our new products, robust pipelines, and core businesses position us well for continued growth. Going forward, we see the global economy recovering, albeit slowly, and we continue to invest in some of the fastest growing segments of the healthcare industry as the economy recovers. We are confident we will continue to manage our businesses effectively based on our broad base in healthcare, our financial discipline, and most importantly thanks to the dedication, focus, and integrity of the people of Johnson & Johnson. I look forward to continuing to update you on our progress and seeing you in January along with our chairman, Bill Weldon, when we discuss our fourth quarter and year end results and provide guidance for 2011. Thanks for your time this morning, and have a wonderful day. 
