Jessica Moore: Good morning. This is Jessica Moore, Vice President of Investor Relations for Johnson & Johnson. Welcome to our company's review of business results for the fourth quarter and full year 2023 and our financial outlook for 2024. Joining me on today's call are Joaquin Duato, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Joe Wolk, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer. As a remainder, you can find additional materials including today's presentation and associated schedules on the Investor Relations section of the Johnson & Johnson website at investor.jnj.com. Please note that this presentation contains forward-looking statements regarding, among other things, the company's future operating and financial performance, market position and business strategy. You are cautioned not to rely on these forward-looking statements, which are based on current expectations of future events using the information available as of the date of this recording, and are subject to certain risk and uncertainties that may cause the company's actual results to differ materially from those projected. A description of these risks, uncertainties and other factors can be found in our SEC filings, including our 2022 Form 10-K, which is available at investor.jnj.com and on the SECs website. Additionally, several of the products and compounds discussed today are being developed in collaboration with strategic partners or licensed from other companies. This slide acknowledges those relationships. Moving to today's agenda. Joaquin will open with the few comments on our 2023 performance and key milestones, as well as highlights from our Enterprise Business Review. I will then review the fourth quarter sales and P&L results as well as full year 2023 results for the Enterprise. Joe will then close by sharing an overview of our cash position, capital allocation priorities, and guidance for 2024. The remaining time will be available for your questions. To ensure we provide enough time to address your questions, we anticipate the webcast will last a little over 60 minutes. I'm now pleased to turn the call over to Joaquin.
Jessica Moore: Yeah, Geoff. I can answer that one. So specifically on XARELTO in the quarter, we would say there's two items. It's patient mix, but there is also a one-time entry. Moving forward in 2024, we do expect that there will be a decline but not to the extent that you saw in Q4.
Jessica Moore: Thank you, Rick, and thanks to everyone for your questions and your continued interest in our company. We apologize to those we couldn’t get to because of time, but don’t hesitate to reach out to the Investor Relations team with any remaining questions you may have. I will now turn the call back over to Joaquin for some brief closing remarks.
Joaquin Duato: Thank you, Joanne, and good morning, everyone. First, let me remark the strong close of our MedTech business in 2023. We delivered annually more than $30 billion in sales, which is -- were all-time high in our company history with operational -- adjusted operational growth in the fourth quarter of 9.1. So very strong results across the board in electrophysiology, in heart (ph) recovery, in surgery, in orthopedics and in Vision. So when we think about our results in 2023, we think it's going to be aligned with our competitor composite for the year, but ahead of our competitor composite in the fourth quarter. Now, certainly, COVID-19 impacts have stabilized globally and while we continue to see some challenges, macro challenges from the point of view of inflation, hospital staffing and the like, there is a bolus of patients coming out into the market after COVID-19, which has made 2023 market growth faster than historical averages. And we see that trend continuing into a good part of 2024 and therefore, being a tailwind into 2024. There's a lot of factors playing into that. But overall, we see the amended procedures continuing into at least the first half of 2024. Now we also have a number of tailwinds on our side other than the procedures that make me optimistic about 2024. We have the trajectory of Abiomed in heart recovery, which is very strong with the adoption of Impella 5.5. We file already for our Impella ECP, which is the smaller version of Impella CP. In orthopedics, we continue to move into higher growth markets with the expansion of our VELYS Robotic-Assisted Solution. We obtained CE Mark in Europe. In surgery, we continue to launch innovations across our surgery business with the [indiscernible], in Energy and ECHELON 3000 as a stapler. And we continue to see good expansion of our Plus Sutures too. In our Vision business, we are expanding our TECNIS family into the premium segment of IOLs. And finally, and I know this is an area of interest to you in electrophysiology, we continue to expand our PFA portfolio of catheters. We obtained approval for our VARIPULSE, loop catheter, PFA loop catheter in Japan at the beginning of this year. And we continue to roll out the global launch of QDOT MICRO, our newest radio frequency ablation catheter. So overall, a number of catalysts and tailwinds into our MedTech business into 2024. As we discussed in our Enterprise Business Review, we continue to see our MedTech business growing at the upper end of our markets and becoming a best-in-class competitor in MedTech.
Joaquin Duato: Thank you, Terence. So with more than 2,000 patients treated CARVYKTI, it's already the fastest launch CAR-T in the market overall and we are pleased to continue to see quarter-over-quarter sequential growth in CARVYKTI. And overall, we remain confident in two things, both the risk benefit of CARVYKTI in the indication that is being studied and at the same on the potential of CARVYKTI to be $5 billion plus asset at peak year sales. Regarding the ODAC that you commented, we are very confident on the data of our Phase 3 CARTITUDE-4 study that as a reminder, support the efficacy and safety of CARVYKTI in one to three prior lines in treatment of patients with relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma. We presented the results at ASCO, as you know. And we also published those results in the New England Journal of Medicine. And we very much look forward to review the updated survival and safety data with the FDA ODAC in the future. We are committed to work with the FDA in the continued development of CARVYKTI. And we continue to have the focus on bringing this in immunotherapy to multiple myeloma patients in earlier lines of therapy. We are working with the FDA towards a PDUFA date for our CARTITUDE-4 indication in April 5, and with EMEA towards an anticipated CHMP opinion in the first quarter of 2024. So overall, we feel confident about the risk benefit profile in this indication and about the future of CARVYKTI. Regarding your manufacturing question, we've done a significant progress in our manufacturing capacity, which is a major driver in the continuous growth of CARVYKTI. On the cell processing side, we have doubled our cell processing capacity in our Raritan facility. Since 2023. We are making progress to your point, Terence, in our European cell processing facilities. We are already manufacturing the first batches of CARVYKTI for clinical use this month of January. And we also have contracted additional capacity, external capacity to scale up production and increase our ability moving forward that will start mid this year. On the other hand, we have also made significant progress in the internalization and scale-up of our lentivirus production. We have increased capacity in Switzerland, in our Switzerland side. And at the same time, we continue to progress with new U.S. capacity and additions site in the Netherlands to produce our lentivirus. Late December, we received approval to expand our lentivirus capacity from 20-liter tanks to 50-liter tanks of lentivirus production in our U.S. facility. So overall, we feel good that we are progressing with CARVYKTI that we will continue to deliver quarter-over-quarter growth in 2024. And we are working towards building this $5 billion plus product and continue to transform the treatment paradigm in multiple myeloma, as we have discussed in the past, moving from treating to progression to treating to cure as we move CARVYKTI into earlier lines of therapy.
Joaquin Duato: Thank you. And look, talking about that, Larry, let me say, we are agnostic to sector and agnostic to size. And as Joe commented, our preference is clearly to be in areas in which we have internal capabilities and know-how, and also to go into products that represent a significant progress from the point of view of improving the current standard of care and that are first-in-class and best-in-class. To illustrate that, the two deals that we completed this year, Laminar and Ambrx would be in that direction. So for example, Laminar is a deal in an area we know well, which is atrial fibrillation, and we believe could be first-in-class to be a device that can eliminate the left atrial appendage. When it comes to Ambrx, it's a deal in an area that we have a strong legacy like prostate cancer with a number of products marketed already. And this could be a first-in-class antibody drug conjugate in order to address a significant medical need in metastatic cut-resistant prostate cancer in patients that have failed under gene therapy. So very much so and in that context, we continue to see also opportunities when it comes to Innovative Medicine in neuroscience and in immunology. And when it comes to MedTech, to your point, in other cardiology areas based on the strength that we have now with Biosense Webster and Abiomed and not excluding also the potential for other areas like robotic surgery or segments of orthopedics that are growing faster and also areas of Vision. So overall, that’s our approach. We try to put this strategic, scientific and to Joe’s point, scientific lens in order to be able to deliver value for patients and also value for our shareholders.
Joaquin Duato: So overall, look, osteoarthritis is a contributor to knee surgery. Sometimes I'm asked about osteoarthritis in the context of the GLP-1s, and weight is not a factor in osteoarthritis. We continue to look at this data, and it's early for us to give you an answer there. Now what we can tell you is that we continue to see an increased volume of procedures in orthopedics based on coming out of COVID. And we don't see any change in that neither in the hips or in the knee area or in any of the segments that we compete. So we are optimistic about our orthopedics trajectory. Specifically we are optimistic about how we are progressing with our VELYS robotic system for total knee replacement. We have already have 30,000 procedures with very positive feedback from the surgeons, especially in the ambulatory surgical centers. We are working to submit our 510(k) for our VELYS unique knee application. And we are seeing a strong recovery also in our hip business with a combination of new products like ACTIS, KINCISE and VELYS hip navigation. So we feel good about our orthopedics business as we continue to see global procedure recovery in most markets. We continue to succeed with our new products, and we love also part of the headwind that we had in China during this year. So very positive outlook moving forward for our orthopedics business.
Joaquin Duato: So first, let me underline the great results of our PAH franchise in 2023. We had growth in the high-teens driven by improved patient mix, market growth coming out of COVID too. This was an area that was heavily impacted by COVID as pulmonologists were working at COVID and not diagnosing new patients. So overall, it's been a very positive trajectory of our PAH business, and we remain confident about the short-term future of this business into 2024. We are working towards the combination of macitentan, OPSUMIT with Tadalafil, which the trademark will be OPSYNVI. And that would be another option for patients there to enhance compliance. And in my talks with physicians treating pulmonary hypertension, they seem very positive about it, and we expect an approval of that combination in 2024. So that's the outlook for our pulmonary franchise. Are we looking at other areas there? There, we are looking at the space and see if there are potential opportunities to be able to improve the standard of care. And we continue to look to see how we can continue to extend the success of our pulmonary franchise into the future. But overall, we're very happy with the trajectory of our pulmonary franchise in 2023. And we expect a similar trajectory as macitentan, OPSUMIT and Tadalafil (ph) become standard of care clearly established in this area.
Joaquin Duato: So thank you, Louise and we have a strong oncology franchise in different areas. I commented that here in prostate cancer with ERLEADA that I discussed before. We'll see data in high risk localized prostate cancer in 2024 with the addition of Ambrx now and antibody drug conjugate in this area. We are very, very excited about RYBREVANT and the combination of RYBREVANT plus lazertinib. We have Phase 3 studies completed. We expect -- we have filed all the three indications, and we expect approval of that in 2024. So we are very excited about RYBREVANT and the combination of RYBREVANT plus lazertinib in EGFR-mutated non-small cell lung cancer in first line. Moving into bladder cancer. You also will see data with TARIS-200, and TARIS-210 in non-muscle invasive localized bladder cancer. And we received FDA breakthrough designation for TARIS-200 in 2023. And then we continue our progress in our multiple myeloma franchise. We talk about CARVYKTI, but it's important to recognize how well [Technical Difficulty] with the impressive per sales data that we presented in first-line in newly diagnosed transplant eligible multiple myeloma patients. So we are looking at CAR-T in autoimmune diseases to your question, yes, but it's early data. As you know, we did a deal earlier in 2023 to partner two CAR-Ts, a CD19 and a CD19/CD20 BiCAR. So we are looking at that, and it's early data. It looks promising. We are interested in radiopharmaceuticals. We believe that the avenue that we are doing with antibody drug conjugates, it's an important therapeutic option. And when it comes to radiopharmaceuticals, we did a deal earlier this year with Nanobiotics for a radio enhancer that this still been developing head and neck cancer. We expanded our rights at the end of the year. And this could be another avenue to be there for us in which we could combine our expertise in medical devices, in medical technology and pharmaceuticals. And we plan to do a broader development plan of our radio enhancing, and we’ll provide you more information about it as we continue to move. So overall, we are very pleased with the progress that we see in our oncology franchise, both in solid tumors and in hematology. And it remains a core strength of our Innovative Medicine group.
Joaquin Duato: So thank you, David. And M&A has been -- M&A and external innovation has been a core of our pharma portfolio growth and transformation. As I said initially, we are agnostic to sector. In the case of pharma, our preferred mode has been trying to go to assets that were around proof of concept. So generally speaking, from a size perspective, it's been about deals that have been either of a smaller size or have been different modalities like client senses or partnerships. Just last year, we completed overall at Johnson & Johnson more than 50 deals. The thing is that the headlines are only made by the ones that are M&A. So we've done multiple deals in our pharmaceutical side in order to be able to enhance our existing portfolio. And our bias is to go for transactions that are going to enable us to create more value by leveraging our clinical development strength, our manufacturing capabilities and our commercial reach. So hence, why the majority of the deals that you see in our pharmaceutical side are at an earlier stage. Are we looking broader than that? Yes, we do. But mainly, we find more opportunities to create value at an earlier stage. For example, this year, we did a number of deals that went less publicized. We did, as I commented before, a deal with CNBG now called AbelZeta (ph) in CAR-T with CD19 and CD20, which we believe could be a best-in-class CAR-T in this area that could launch in this decade or at the end of the year, we also did another deal in antibody drug conjugates with a Korean company called LegoChem, which was underreported. But we continue to work in identifying deals in our pharmaceutical space that enables us to be able to put all our capabilities to work in the clinical development side, in manufacturing and in commercial. And that’s been the source of very significant value creation in products that all of you know, like DARZALEX or CARVYKTI that come from that type of approach of going earlier on into the development process.
Joaquin Duato: So thank you for the question. Great, and strong results of our EP franchise in 2023. And you should think about our EP franchise in 2024 as also a strong year, another year of growth, a strong growth for our EP franchise. If I look at the -- to your point that the drivers of growth in 2023, it was across the board. I mean it was in Asia-Pacific, in the U.S. and EMEA. It was driven by the procedure recovery, but also by new product performance and some offset also, a slight offset of value-based procurement in China. The new products that we introduced this year are the engine generator, our mapping catheters OCTARAY and OPTRELL. And also, importantly, our QDOT MICRO Catheter in radio frequency ablation that has efficacy results higher than any PFA catheter. And that together with our strong commercial execution and broad clinical support across the board has driven this result in electrophysiology that in the fourth quarter was 25% growth globally, 22% growth in the U.S. and 29% outside of the U.S. So very strong results. So we have a strong leadership in electrophysiology and 20 years of understanding this field. And when it comes to our strategy in cardiac ablation, we have multiple strategies, but one core strategy is our CARTO mapping system. That is a fundamental pillar of our strategy in cardiac ablation that supports procedural efficiency and very importantly, now low to zero fluoroscopy workflow. For the electrophysiologist, it's very important to know where they are and what are they doing to the heart anatomy. Otherwise, they are flying blind if they don't have a mapping system. And the CARTO system, it's providing the electrophysiologist real-time feedback and very important parameters like tissue proximity, contact force measurement and ablation indexes that give them an idea of how durable deletion is going to be and what are going to be the outcomes of the procedures. So that's key for us to be able to have a workflow that enables the type of progress that electrophysiologists have been already used to with radio frequency ablation. And hence, all our suite of catheters, it's is going to be from day 1 fully integrated in our mapping system. We have 5,000 CARTO systems already deployed globally and an extensive network of mappers to support the electrophysiologist. When it comes to our catheters, we are developing a full portfolio of options. You commented on VARIPULSE, our multi-electrode catheter that was approved in Japan. We are developing a focal and a large focal catheter and also a single shot one. So electrophysiologists are going to be able to choose the catheter that is more appropriate for their anatomy and for the workflow that they are selecting. We have five clinical trials active, three of them have completed. And we have submitted our VARIPULSE catheter for CE Mark and we plan submitting the VARIPULSE catheter to the U.S. FDA in 2024. Ultimately, PFA is an important option, but RF is also here to stay. That's why we believe that having the workflow and the procedure efficiency that CARTO gives you plus the option of having a catheter like our dual energy catheter that would enable electrophysiologists to simply change depending on the anatomy of deletion from PFA to RFA, it's going to be important for the future. And it's going to help them adopting PFA as this is the most widely used catheter in the world. So very positive about our growth in 2024 based on the strength that we have in this area. I'm positive about the outlook of our ablation business moving forward. As we have commented in multiple occasions, atrial fibrillation, it's an area that is still undertreated. And the outcomes of radio frequency ablation and most likely, the outcomes of PFA have shown significant improvement even compared to medical therapy. So very positive about the outlook of our -- and the strength of our atrial fibrillation business.
Joaquin Duato: Thank you, Jess. The strong performance we delivered in ‘23 gives me great confidence in the trajectory of our business. As I said earlier, we are entering 2024 from a position of strength, and we have multiple catalysts for growth. No other company is as well positioned as Johnson & Johnson to lead the next wave of health care innovation. And we look forward to sharing our progress in the year ahead. Thank you.
Joseph Wolk: Yeah. So Larry, let me start, good morning, and then I can turn it over to Joaquin. So we are very well positioned to continue to entertain many types of deals. As you know, we have the parameters of making sure that they are a strategic fit so that we've got scientific expertise and insights, a familiarity with the space has proven to be our most successful platforms. We want to make sure that we're earning a fair return to compensate shareholders for the risk that we're bearing on their behalf. It was only 13 months ago, we were able to deploy $17 billion in capital for Abiomed. We're very pleased with that acquisition. Not only has it beat our internal deal models, but it also is performing better than what the Street had called for that business prior to the announcement of the acquisition. So it's been a really nice fit. What I would say is, we also deployed or announced, as I said in my prepared remarks, over $3 billion in capital for more than 50 smaller licensing partnerships or deals. And while those may have not made headlines, they usually are headlines when they become products for patients. And so that when you think about our history of DARZALEX, IMBRUVICA, CARVYKTI for one, it's been -- that's kind of our track record. Our appetite is still, I would say, interested in moving into spaces that complement our existing portfolio, whether that be for the near or long term.
Joseph Wolk: Yeah. Good morning, Chris. Thanks for the question. I think as you look at that specifically for the fourth quarter, what you have in our operating margins is obviously the Laminar transaction that was part of that mix. So on our slide that details IBT, you likely saw a quarterly reduction in MedTech, specifically of about 9 points, about 2 points for the full year. I would say two-thirds of that is represented by the Laminar transaction. You also then have, I would say, in the fourth quarter specific some mix as orthopedics performed probably a little bit better than it had in previous quarters. And then you have the inflationary impact, obviously, with higher levels of inventory on our balance sheet that flow through the P&L, that is occurring throughout 2023. And we expect it to occur throughout at least the first half of 2024. We're not seeing any incremental inflation in, I'll call it, current activity. So it's not being additive to inventory, but it's also not subsiding either. So we're kind of at a new, I'd say water level, if you will, that should be going forward, but not hurting the P&L as we look out beyond the second half of 2024.
Joseph Wolk: And Shagun, it's also important to maybe provide us a reminder what we commented to last quarter, and that's -- we're looking very hard at improving the profitability of the orthopedics unit, so being very selective as to what geographies we play in and what SKUs are actually going to be offered. So not only will you see some of the strength in the top line, as Joaquin outlined, but you should see an improved margin profile for that business as well.
Joseph Wolk: Yeah, Matt. I apologize, but it was a little bit tough to hear your question entirely. I think it was around margins, specifically in MedTech and how that may progress through the year. So as I stated earlier, I would say that the margin profile is going to be impacted by inflationary pressures that were incurred really in 2022, sit on our balance sheet as inventory and then kind of flow through the P&L throughout the corresponding 2023 and probably a good piece of 2024. That being said, Tim and the team are doing magnificent work in terms of finding efficiencies across the business. I highlighted one of the earlier ones with respect to orthopedics. But we're quite frankly doing that across the entire MedTech portfolio at this point in time, looking for opportunities whether it be aided by artificial intelligence or just infrastructure overall as to how we can further improve the MedTech profitability profile. Right now, we stand a little bit above the middle of the pack in terms of our peer set on margin, and we're looking to get towards the upper end of that peer set.
Joseph Wolk: No, Danielle. I think it's really the inflationary impact, so out of the 9% drop that you saw in Q4, 5 points are really Laminar. The other -- the balance of 4 points, I would chalk up to the inflationary impact that I spoke of earlier and then the mix component, whereby orthopedics, which is our lowest margin portfolio within the MedTech portfolio overall, performed a little bit better. So there's really nothing magical behind it other than the explanations that were already given on the call. Again, we are looking at cost improvement initiatives, specifically in orthopedics, but across the entire portfolio as we move through 2024. But there’s nothing that happened – maybe this is the best way to state it. There’s nothing that happened in Q4 that has us concerned about our outlook or calls around margin profile or EPS for the balance of this upcoming year.
