Dominic J. Caruso: Sure, Mike, thanks for your question. Well, couple things. One is the – 2015 as you saw was a heavy investment year, because we benefited from the divestitures. And I think we were very transparent that we would make important investments going into 2015. And we did just that. So in 2016 we have a lower level of those investments, consistent with a lower level of the other income that we just guided to. Also it's important to point out that those investments we made in 2015, we're seeing the benefits of those already in 2016. So we think they were wise investments. And finally, we've talked a lot about our various programs of reducing our cost structure. And Alex today mentioned the program that we embarked on several years ago that will reduce cost by $1 billion by 2018. Well we're well on our way in implementing that program after several years of investment. In 2016 we'll see a year where the actual benefits associated with that program outweigh any incremental investments. And maybe – Alex, maybe a comment on the MD&D restructuring, and why that's appropriate for us to do today.
Dominic J. Caruso: Yeah. Well sure, Michael. Let me comment overall. As you know, our growth in 2015, primarily driven by Pharmaceuticals. And we expect healthy growth in 2016 from Pharma, but probably at a slightly lower rate of growth than what we saw in 2015 as those products that we launched are beginning to mature in their growth trajectory, but still a lot of growth ahead of them. So we're not going to give guidance by sector. But overall a little bit lower growth in 2016 versus 2015 for Pharma. Better growth in Consumer, good momentum in 2015 carrying on into 2016. And we expect higher growth rates in 2016 versus 2015 for the Medical Devices business as well. And as you saw, we ended the year with good, strong momentum in that business as well.
Dominic J. Caruso: Sure, Matt. Well, just overarching comment on this. Of course these extra shipping days were already included in our guidance for the year. And I think you've all modeled for them. And as you know our sales came in pretty much in line with expectations. About 1% for the year we think is the impact overall for the enterprise and about 4% in the quarter. You're right. It does vary slightly by different businesses within the U.S. in particular. So this is largely a U.S. phenomenon, as opposed to a global phenomenon. And with respect to the orthopedics business line, which I think you're referring to specifically, I think, Louise, you might have the details on the impact there.
Dominic J. Caruso: So not really much different from the overall total, because that 2.5 days gets you to this 4% and 1% that I talked about earlier.
Dominic J. Caruso: Okay. Jami, let me try to take the first two, and then have Alex – maybe you'll comment on the drug pricing. You're referring to our non-operating, let's call it the other income and expense line for 2016, what was assumed in analysts' models versus what we have provided in guidance. When we looked at the analysts' consensus models, overall it looked like that number averaged in the high $900s million, so nearly $1 billion. And our guidance of course is somewhere $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion. So our guidance is slightly higher than the analysts' models. But just as a reminder we always take the opportunity to – since these are portfolio choices to use any of those gains to offset some other expenses we'd like to invest in. And then with respect to the medical device tax the – we have assumed that it would be a benefit in 2016. But I must say the benefit for us is very, very minor. Remember when the medical device tax is incurred, it's incurred upon the first manufacture of a product. And therefore it can be for, for example, orthopedic companies hung up in inventory for quite some time. So the overall impact of not having a medical device tax in 2016 is not significant for Johnson & Johnson. It may be significant for certain other companies that maybe are pure orthopedic players, but not overall significant for us. And secondly, I would say that whatever benefit we see there we've already assumed would be reinvested in innovation, because of course during the time that the medical device tax was a drag on earnings, obviously decisions had to be made on where to invest. Now we're happy that with that easement of the device tax for a couple years, we'll be able to actually invest more in innovation in the medical device space.
Dominic J. Caruso: Sure. Why don't I take that part first? So, Vamil, we obviously – we announced the share buyback in October. And I said we already through the fourth quarter spent about $1 billion dollars of that $10 billion. In our plans for 2016 we have not assumed that it's totally complete. But certainly more than a majority of the share buyback will be completed by the end of 2016, maybe three-quarters of it, sort of around that range. And that's what we've assumed in our models for 2016, the guidance I just gave.
Dominic J. Caruso: Yeah. Kristen, we do expect that the Consumer business, now that the products have been launched and the cost remediations associated with the consent decree are largely behind us – although we still comply with the consent decree for another 5 years. We did want to launch those products with the right support. But it is true that we do expect, and we'll see it in 2016 and we'll report on it later in the year throughout the quarters, an improvement in the operating margins of the Consumer business going forward.
Dominic J. Caruso: And on China, just a couple comments. That China, we did see a slowdown in China primarily in the Consumer business, because both Medical Devices and Pharma businesses still had high single digit growth in China. And we're optimistic about China going into 2016. Our plans are for improved growth in China in 2016. But I just want to put China in perspective. It's less than 5% of our sales. It's an important market for us longer term with 1.3 billion people and lots of healthcare needs, et cetera. But any short-term changes in their economy is unlikely to have any significant impact on our results. And then on the 200 basis point improvement, Bob, it's actually across all three lines of the P&L, COGS, selling, marketing, as well as R&D. So in the case of COGS where we have a long-term program that we've been executing on to reduce footprint, we're accelerating some of those programs. That'll benefit us on the COGS line. On the selling, marketing, and administrative line, I talked earlier about the fact that we had a program in place for a couple years, shooting for $1 billion of cost savings by 2018. We're well on our way. We'll see cost reductions in that line. And R&D, that depends on the individual licensing deals that we have and the timing of when we would spend those milestone payments or enter into new licensing agreements. But as it looks today the advancement in the portfolio in 2015 from the milestone payments, et cetera, are not expected to be at the same level in 2016 that they were in 2015. So it's across all three lines in the P&L. And I can't give you an exact number on the amount of extra investment we made in 2015 but just to say that we had $2.8 billion of other income in 2015, well above the years past. And we still improved overall income before tax by not quite that amount. Right? So most of it was reinvested in the business.
Dominic J. Caruso: And the reading that we're getting from the field is that most physicians – and in fact some guidelines were recently published that the cardiovascular benefit that we saw with the other SGLT2 is most likely a class effect. And that's the way physicians treat it. And in fact the guidelines were just recently issued that called it a class effect. Our data won't be until sometime mid-2017 I believe...
Dominic J. Caruso: ...on those results, where we'll actually then be able to put those results in our label. But until then I think the market recognizes it as a beneficial effect on cardiovascular.
Alex Gorsky: Yeah, Mike. We do think that this is the right time to be making the moves. But really I think it's important to kind of step back and put it into larger perspective. If you think about what we've been doing in Medical Devices over the last several years, we've had a range of activities, ranging from some of the divestitures with OCD as well as Cordis underway. At the same time, we've been making changes internally with the way that our organizations are innovating as well as in the way that they're going to market. And so we see this as the next logical step in that overall process. Our Medical Devices business is one that we remain very committed to. We believe that it's got an exciting future, a lot of new innovation coming, new ways of dealing with our customers. And so we think this is the right time to make sure that we're set up for growth, not only in 2016 but actually for the next 5 years and 10 years.
Alex Gorsky: Hey, Glenn, thank you very much for your question. Look, we are and we have been and will continue to be very active in the M&A category. As we mentioned during the earlier comments, if you look at us historically, really over about any timeframe, 20 years, 10 years, what you see is about half of our growth being generated from organic innovation platforms and about 50% being generated vis-a-vis M&A. As we reflect back on 2015 we realize that the market was premium priced. We remained very active in a number of different areas. And while we didn't necessarily close on a larger deal, I would not assume that we were not engaged and involved. But at the same time, we think it's really important for you, our shareholders, as you think about long-term returns, that we stay at the appropriate level of discipline and decisiveness as we go through that process. As we look at the environment today, we see a number of opportunities across the Consumer, the Medical Devices, and the Pharmaceutical groups. We're going to remain very active. I think that our financial team has done a great job of using our offshore assets in a very compliant but also tax-effective way. And we'll continue to look for opportunities that ultimately we believe are going to help us continue to get into growing markets, to improve our share position, to provide complementary products and services to platforms that we already have, that ultimately are going to lead to long-term sustainable growth for J&J.
Alex Gorsky: Yeah, Glenn, look, we're fortunate in that because of our strong performance, our strong cash flows, that our balance sheet is actually quite strong. I also believe that if you look at our track record of how we've utilized that cash to make the right capital investments in companies, that we've been successful with that. And look, we think that there's opportunities across all three of our different sectors. And it's not an algorithm per se as we decide which and where to invest, but rather it really depends on the opportunity. And many of the factors that Dominic described earlier, as far as what are the specific platforms that we're looking at? Where is the partner in terms of their decision making, what they want to do with the business? And frankly what the competitive environment is like? So we think that there are opportunities. We intend to be quite active as we look at 2016 and beyond in a manner that's been consistent with our track record in that area.
Alex Gorsky: Sure, Matt. Thank you very much. Look, overall we feel that we're still in the very early innings of what I'd call is the market evolution that we clearly expect to see over the next 3 years, 5 years, and even 10 years. And for all the reasons that we've discussed around increasing demands based on demographics certainly here in the U.S., and a rising middle class in demographics outside the United States, and the pressure that that's likely going to put on payers and governments and others in between. We realize that there is an opportunity for us to participate, not only in bringing great innovation that's going to help patients, but also doing it in a value-added way. And clearly the consumer, the patient is weighing in much heavier in these decisions, as they take on higher co-pays, as they can get more information that's available online. And frankly they just have higher expectations about their ability to participate in that healthcare decision-making process. So what we see is a range of customers. Look, we see some customers who are still very innovation focused. And to be clear we remain very innovation focused. We think at the end of the day what we do best is bring new products, new solutions to our customers that are going to ultimately have better outcomes for patients. And so that's an area where we are very focused on and will continue to be focused on. We are though starting to also see hospital systems. And I think one important point here is it's certainly taking place in the United States. But it's also definitely taking place in places like Europe and even some of the developing and emerging markets that frankly don't have the history and the legacy of some of the infrastructure that you see in the more developed markets. And there it – what we see is an evolution more towards a business-to-business relationship, where, yes, customers want to see innovation. But they also want to see how are you going to interact? How can you assist in working with our supply chain to make it more efficient? How can we work together as part of a broader partnership that ultimately is focusing not just on a product sell, but actually on an outcome, on an episode of care for the patient. And it creates a much broader partnership. We are seeing those organizations becoming more and more interested. And that's why we're adapting to make sure that we're part of that. So I think overall it's a – it's important that we continue to innovate, we continue to operate with a lot of excellence in the current environment. At the same time it's important that we set the stage for this evolution that's taking place out there to make sure that we can not only be successful, but we'll actually be a leader as that market evolves as well.
Alex Gorsky: Sure. Thanks a lot for the question, Larry. Look, I think what we would say overall is we continue to see let's say a slightly increasing positive trend. So we saw hospital admissions I believe up around 2%. We saw surgical procedures up a little over 1% in the U.S. That's the most recent data that we have. If we go outside the U.S. we think rates in Europe have been pretty steady. And even in the markets in which we compete most significantly in the developing markets, we haven't seen a major impact from secular shifts. Perhaps in China some but not dramatic. And then putting that into the context and what that represents overall on our business, we don't see it as a major indicator. As I look toward 2016, look, there's a few things that cause us to be optimistic about our Medical Device business. And it really starts with innovation. And we've got about 30 products that we'll be launching by the end of 2016. Over half of those have either been launched or are well on their way as we speak. And what we're seeing is when we're bringing new technology to the market like our new contact lenses, like our new insulin pump, like our new energy instrumentation, like the ATTUNE knee, we're seeing very good uptake. And in fact in those categories, we're seeing share gains. And certainly in areas like electrophysiology endocutters, the same thing. And so we believe that the market does still reward significant innovation when we're introducing it. So that's one aspect. The second aspect frankly is, one, just improved execution. And I think if you look across all of our device businesses, you think about diabetes care, the major price reset that we had there a couple of years ago. And as all of you know when you take that kind of a reduction, resizing your business, going back into each and every line, and setting it for the new marketplace causes a tremendous amount of change. If you look at our vision care business last year, we went in and we really increased the cadence out of our innovation pipeline, launching five new products. We did a price reset there to make us more competitive with the ECPs. We made a lot of other internal adjustments to improve our selling and marketing. We are definitely seeing the impact of that now, not only on the sales results of up 8%, but as, and maybe even more importantly, if you look at the leading indicators as far as new share that's being generated and new patient starts in the offices, those things are positive. Louise mentioned earlier the improvement that we're seeing across our orthopedics business. And look, this is one where we know that when you bring large organizations together, when you standardize quality systems, manufacturing systems, we think that we've made a lot of progress there. And frankly when you compound that with the innovation rollout that we've seen in orthopedics of the ATTUNE knee, the CORAIL hip, the TFNA nail, we're starting to see that come back. As well as some of the – frankly the new approaches that we're taking that Gary will be talking about more in May, where our Ethicon and our DePuy Synthes teams are actually co-selling, co-contracting in a number of very innovative ways. Compounded with the fact that, look, we think some of the performance issues related to China in our orthopedics are more of a one-time event. That's getting normalized. So as we burn our way through those and head into 2016 overall, we think that innovation, we think changes in our commercial model, we think improved execution, all those things are – make us more optimistic about the growth prospects as we head into 2016.
Alex Gorsky: Certainly. Well obviously we'll also be watching the advisory committee and participating in it as well coming up. And we think there's a few things to keep in consideration about this. And first and foremost is that as Dominic stated earlier, biosimilars are very different from generics. And particularly in this category, keeping the patient in the center of all these. We've got a tremendous amount of experience in the biologics category, going back to PROCRIT, REMICADE, (1:09:51). And we think that the differences between molecules can have – manifest themselves in significant ways with patients. So making sure. And I think things that we'll be watching for at the AC are, what kind of data do the biosimilars actually have? What kinds of indications? What will be the guidance around substitutability? All those frankly, sitting here today, are unknowns. We're going to need more clarification. But we think each of those means that the expected uptake, even when a biosimilar does launch, will lead to a significantly different curve than what you see with generics. We think secondly, it's very important to actually think about it from our patient perspective. And we know for example there's about 2.5 million patients with REMICADE. And about 70% of those are either continuing therapy and have a pretty high satisfaction rate. So if you look at the available population who's likely to be switched, we think it's in the 30% range. And last but certainly not least, there's the whole issue of the business model and the way that we actually work with customers in this setting. And this is an area where we've got a lot of experience in contracting. We've got some great relationships with providers in this area right now. We also have a very broad portfolio. If you think about what REMICADE does, but you look more broadly at the performance recently of a product like STELARA, a multi-billion-dollar compound growing at 20%-plus rate. If you look at SIMPONI, same thing. SIMPONI ARIA in particular, the great dosing convenience that it provides. That's another multi-billion-dollar addition that we have to that portfolio. Then you augment that with the submissions that we have in 2016 planned for Guselkumab, Sirukumab, an IL-23, and an IL-6, we think that that positions us very well with our portfolio and from a contracting point of view with large providers and payers in – certainly in the U.S. but also abroad. What we're seeing outside the United States is in most of the markets where they're introduced is a relatively minor impact. We're seeing that we're holding onto about 90%, plus or minus. It varies by market. You have to look at each one individually. And it's difficult to project exactly what that impact will be going forward. But I think when we think of it broadly across all those different areas, what's the clinical data show, what ultimately is the labeling, the regulatory aspects, what about our contracting, the business aspects, and we think all those are very important, will result in a different impact from biosimilars. And ultimately we'll continue to defend our intellectual property as well through what we believe is the right patent in September of 2018.
Alex Gorsky: Yeah. Jami, thanks for the question on pricing. Look, we realize and understand the pricing in pharmaceuticals, let alone in all of healthcare, is certainly a very important issue. And we believe that it's important to consider it just in that way. As we think about pharmaceuticals for example, they currently make up about 12% of healthcare spending in the United States, slightly higher in Europe. If you think about medical devices, they represent about 6%. And if you go beyond those areas of course, there's a lot of other costs built into that system, ranging from hospital, patient care, insurance companies, many other people. And particularly in an environment today, where frankly we're seeing such transformational outcomes and moving more and more towards cures, disease prevention, interception than we ever have, because of some of the great science that's being produced. So we understand and would certainly expect there to be a continued spotlight in this area. Obviously we're working with a lot of stakeholders to try and make sure that we look at it in a very holistic way. And it's very I think difficult at this point in time to try to project what's going to happen in 2016 or 2017. All of us know that the healthcare system not only here in the United States, but frankly around the world, is complex. There's a lot of other – a lot of issues that are intertwined. And – but it's obviously a conversation that we'll be participating in. And ultimately where we want to be part of the solution.
Alex Gorsky: Yeah. Vamil, thanks for the question. Look, if we look at STELARA, one, it just starts with a great compound. It's had very nice uptake, very good growth. And we've certainly seen that in psoriatic arthritis. But we're also excited about the planned indications in areas like UC and axial spondylitis. So when you take the profile, the momentum that we're seeing in the current marketplace, and the share that continues to grow, you combine it with some additional indications as we go forward, particularly as part of our broader immunology portfolio, we think that there's – and the other important issue, I believe this category is only about 22% or 23% penetrated. So in terms of new patients that are coming in, all of that represents a nice growth opportunity for this important product.
Alex Gorsky: Sure. Look, I'd just pick up with what Dominic had just said about our Consumer business is that I'm really proud of the work they've done on the consent decree and the great strides that they have taken around quality. In fact, I think in working closely and partnering with the FDA, we likely have a benchmark organization now. And we're really proud of having done that. At the same time I think it is – as they begin to ship from only remediation to remediation and relaunch across a number of these areas, while certainly keeping a very high eye on quality, as we increase our volumes, as we are able to deepen our relationships with a lot of the major trade partners, that's where we see a great growth opportunity as well. And obviously, that's going to have an impact on our margins as we go forward. I also think that the other thing that that team is doing is, as we're transitioning more and more to online marketing versus just traditional marketing, the way we're partnering with some of the large customers, I think that there's a lot of opportunities not only to drive share and volume but actually to improve efficiencies on our back end as well. As I step back and look more broadly, we think the three areas that we're in, Consumer, Medical Devices, and Pharmaceuticals, are all great platforms and great businesses. Of course we would look first for areas that – what is the next ZYTIGA? What's the next vision care platform? What's the next NEUTROGENA? That would certainly be our focus. Another would be, are there chances to grow in perhaps some of the faster-growing developing markets? With the right kind of opportunity, those are things that we would be interested in. And then what are ways to complement our existing businesses? I think the way that you pointed out, as the markets evolve we are looking not only at M&A, but also broader partnerships that we've done for example with companies like Google and Verily, where we see a big opportunity to really help transform the robotic surgery space in a pretty significant way longer term. And then I guess the final option there would be for us to actually acquire something outside the current three. And again, if it's something where we thought there was a lot of unmet patient or consumer need, if we feel that it's consistent with the capabilities that we can bring to bear to actually have it be a successful business, if the financials work, then we would take that step.
Alex Gorsky: Yeah. Josh, thanks a lot for the question. What I would say is this is something that has been underway for the last several months. But clearly we're accelerating it. And whenever you make this kind of a decision, we certainly think about the impact that it has on employees. But we also see it as our responsibility to make sure that this business is positioned for the next 5 years, the next 10 years. And with that note we have a high sense of urgency about increasing our rate of innovation, about making the business model changes, and ultimately about making sure that we're more competitive and delivering in the markets. We try to be very clear where our goal is to grow faster than the markets. Even given our size and given our scale, we think we've got over 10 platforms that are $1 billion. The majority of those are number one or number two. But we realize there's still a lot of opportunity. So while we're pleased with what we've seen, we're far from satisfied. And I know Gary and the rest of his team as well as all of us are completely committed to accelerating the performance of this group to be frankly benchmark in the industry.
Alex Gorsky: Yeah. David, thanks for the question. Look, it depends on a number of different factors. And obviously as we think about it for example in our Pharmaceutical group, we think that the model that we pull together, where we try to find the next INVOKANA, the next DARZALEX, very early compounds, where frankly we've got solid scientific insight. We bring it inside. And because of our clinical development and our regulatory capabilities, we can launch. And then very strong sales, marketing, and reimbursement practices around that. Frankly that's what's helped us create the number of $1 billion blockbusters that we've been able to launch since 2009. And I think 16 new products and seven of which are like right at $1 billion or shortly will be. And so we think that's a good model. In Medical Devices we've done tuck-ins as well as large. And look, I think in both cases, whether it's Pharma or Medical Devices, the smaller tuck-ins are frankly more straightforward to get done. We haven't shied – we won't shy away from large where we think it makes for a significant opportunity. And it's something that we'll continue to look at in Consumer. As far as the question if it's underperforming or not, I think it depends on why it's underperforming. If it's an exogenous market shift or something else, then obviously that would not necessarily have us shy away from that particular area. On the other hand if it's an internal, more executional issue, absolutely we'd want to make sure that we've got the knitting where we need it before we add onto that particular opportunity. So that's the way we tend to look at it. But again it's part of a broader strategic question, really on how we're managing the portfolio across the enterprise.
Alex Gorsky: Yeah. So thank you very much, everybody. Look, and in closing I'd like to thank you again for joining today's call. We're pleased with the results we delivered in 2015. And we think our strong underlying operational growth across the enterprise, combined with a very high sense of urgency, gives us a lot of confidence as we head in 2016. And we're optimistic about the opportunities in healthcare and frankly about the underlying strength of our core business. So thank you very much. And I hope everyone has a great day.
Louise Mehrotra - Vice President: Yeah. So the additional days in the U.S. in orthopedics was about 2.5 days, and outside the U.S. about 1.5-day average.
Louise Mehrotra - Vice President: It was interesting also, when you look at the underlying growth in the orthopedics third quarter, fourth quarter, taking out the additional shipping days, we saw sequential improvement across hips, knees, spine, and trauma.
Louise Mehrotra - Vice President: And just to add to that we have REMICADE in Canada as a Johnson & Johnson product. And we've seen fairly – it's actually still growing in Canada, even with the biosimilar there. Now the biosimilar has a limited indication there, but it's still growing. And we'll be listening to Merck's call as well to see of the latest in Europe.
Louise Mehrotra - Vice President: Okay. So on the emerging markets growth, excluding the impact of course of Cordis and OCD, it was about 6.5% in the fourth quarter and a year-to-date basis it was about 5.5%. Those are both operational numbers.
Louise Mehrotra - Vice President: Okay. So I'll give you the market share third quarter versus fourth quarter, which will give you some nice trend information. So and this is U.S. For the total we went from 6.3% in the third quarter to 6.5% in the fourth quarter. Primary care, we went from 5.6% to 5.8%. And endo is at flat at about 13% quarter-to-quarter.
