Dominic J. Caruso: Right. So just to clarify, we think that the underlying run rate in that account approximates $500 million to $600 million. It's royalty income and some other gains, so think about $500 million to $600 million that we expect early this year as we continue to adjust our portfolio and redeploy investments. That will have a divestiture that we record early in 2011 resulting in this now increased to a level of between $900 million and $1 billion. I can't comment on the specific divestiture we're referring to, but we expect to complete it early in 2012.
Dominic J. Caruso: Yes. Well the gross margin, of course, is just one aspect of the total P&L. And as I mentioned for 2012, we expect pretax operating margins to improve by 100 to 150 basis points versus '12. And that, as I mentioned, is across every line, R&D, cost of goods sold and selling and marketing expenses. So we do expect gross margins to improve in '12 versus '11. I think the major factors are, as new products are launching and ramping up more rapidly, of course they are contributing more to that line. The mix in the business, the Pharmaceutical business growing obviously has a higher margin component than the rest of the businesses. And also, as the McNeil Consumer products return to the marketplace, compared to 2011 and '10, when they were not basically in the sales, those are relatively high-margin products when compared to the rest of our business so that mix of the business should improve as well. And as Bill mentioned, we're undergoing pretty extensive plan regarding our enterprise supply chain. And although the goal is first always to maintain quality, we obviously think there are some efficiencies in our supply chain. We'll continue to develop those as the years move along. We're early in that process. We've already seen some good improvements. I think we'll see more in the next couple of years.
Dominic J. Caruso: Yes, it's a great question, Matt. And of course, we're all hopeful that the corporate tax reform will actually take hold and we already saw some good movement towards a territorial system there. I think we're encouraged by that. I think consistent with the territorial system, which I think what all multinational companies want to remain competitive in a global economy, will be some transition plan with respect to cash that's already outside the U.S. I think we'd rather wait and see and work with our government to develop first the territorial system, and then an appropriate transition plan that makes sense for U.S. taxpayers.
Dominic J. Caruso: Tony, with respect to remediation costs, I'm going to assume you're referring to the McNeil Consumer Healthcare. We said that in '12, we expected slightly higher level of remediation costs than in '11. But it's not because we're advancing them more into '12 for future years. It's really just progress being made under the Consent Decree and the actions we're committed to take along with the FDA. So there's no shifting of those expenses. It's the normal course, we obviously want to do all of the things in the appropriate manner under the Consent Decree, but there's no shifting of expenses.
Dominic J. Caruso: Yes. So for 2012, one thing that's happening that's more incremental versus '11 is that in Japan, you may know that pharmaceutical pricing reductions have been on a sort of biannual basis. So 2012 in Japan, our business will experience much greater pricing decline than they saw the previous year because of that anniversary. Of course that will then change in '13, and then we'll see it again in '14. And then also, we do expect that the European austerity measures and the pressure in Europe will continue to cause pressure in pricing in 2012 to a greater extent than we saw in 2011. I really can't comment any further on what may happen as those economies improve. But one thing I'm sure you'll appreciate, I think that as we develop innovative products that are important to the healthcare system, that's really the best way to address the pricing question because the system needs and healthcare needs are still are unmet, and therefore we're trying to focus attention on that, and with that should come the appropriate pricing for our products.
Dominic J. Caruso: Let me take the first part. So Larry, with respect ASR Hip recall, there's 2 components of it. Just to be clear, there's the ASR Hip recall program. And in the table that we provide a tax to the press release where we give you GAAP versus non-GAAP reconciliation, you'll see that over the 2 years, those program costs have amounted to about $800 million, so that's disclosed in our table. The other component of the ASR Hip recall is our estimate of product liability. That number we're not providing publicly. And I will say that as we got more information based on most recently revised -- most recent updates to national registries, et cetera, on revision rates, we made our best estimate of what the ultimate revision rates may be based on the information we have available to date. So as we said, as more information would become available, we would update as much as we could and as much as we now know. And we think for what we know today, we've captured all the potential that we're aware of today based on the data that we've seen.
Dominic J. Caruso: So just to be clear, the guidance that I provided excludes Synthes, so no impact at all to Synthes, as if the transaction didn't happen. Once the transaction closes consistent with our historical practice, we'll update our guidance to include the impact of Synthes. And at that time, we'll be as transparent as we always are and give you the impacts and changes from ultimate implementation of financing structure versus the previous estimate that we gave you. We'll detail that for you. But we'll do that at time of close.
Dominic J. Caruso: Well, the prior dilution estimate was our most conservative estimate, right, and it was based on no efficiency gained by financing the transaction in any different way than was announced. Obviously, we're going to continue working to see if we can get that to be better, but we won't know and have any details on that until very close to closing as we're working through the entire closing and integration of the transaction.
Dominic J. Caruso: Well, the S4 that we filed discloses the amount of amortization, which on annual basis I think is $500 million or $550 million after tax. And I said in guidance, we're not going to change the way we account for amortization. But when we provide the impact of Synthes, we'll obviously be very clear about how much amortization, incremental amortization is included in that guidance at that time. It also depends on what time of the year we close, et cetera.
Dominic J. Caruso: Yes, well, in the fourth quarter, just as a reminder, we did the collaboration with Pharmacyclics, which is about $0.04 to $0.05 dilutive just in the quarter. So that was a big jump. And you'll see a big jump in our R&D expense in the fourth quarter. That relates to the licensing payment, the upfront payment that we've made to Pharmacyclics in the quarter. Then we took the opportunity to invest behind the brands and we had some items that we want to clean up and get behind us as we move into 2012.
William C. Weldon: Yes, the Bapi one I'll answer first, Mike. Yes, we expect that we'll have the data analyzed and we'll be filing obviously on a positive outcome by the end of the year would be our expectation on Bapi. And then when you go to INCIVO in the hepatitis C, that's an area where there's a whole lot of interest in various areas. There's a Pharmasset acquisition that's taking place and others. We feel really good about where we are with INCIVO. We feel very good about 435, which will be a complementary product. And we feel that we'll be able to get out there and work in the hepatitis C area with those compounds. And then the other ones that are there, they're still very early in development there. I guess they're going into IIb right now, and we're going to wait and see what exactly happens there. But we think that we're very well positioned for the hepatitis C with the 2 compounds we have.
William C. Weldon: We feel we're in a good position and there may be opportunities to look to the future and see how we could work with others if those nukes become better products.
William C. Weldon: Yes, a couple of things. I think, as you say, innovation is what's critical to all of us. And I gave you a look at the performance of our R&D organizations, then you look at what's in the pipeline, we're actually -- if you look in the near-term and further out, which we don't talk a lot about, but we feel arguably we have one of the best if not the best pipelines in the industry, talking about pharmaceuticals as well as the others. I think, Rick, as I said earlier, we continue to look for opportunities. The Pharmacyclics, we thought, was an extraordinary opportunity in the oncology area. There's lot of things that we go and look for but as always, we're going to continue to look to make sure we're going to return value to shareholders. And I think if you have the good fortune that we have at this point in time of having a really extraordinary pipeline, we're doing all we can to continue to advance that pipeline and move it forward, as well as looking for other opportunities, whether they're through acquisitions, licenses or collaborations. We'll continue to do that. A lot of these have become extraordinarily expensive. Well you guys have seen them all, and some of them it's hard to justify the prices people are paying. But I think there's a continuing push in our organization to make sure we're making good choices. And I think if you look at the productivity we have of 75% coming out with approvals and even the cost we have in development of these and cycle times, the group's doing an extraordinary job. They're going to keep doing that and they're going to keep looking for the right opportunities where we can bring our resources and others together to get these products in the marketplace. So I think we're going to continue to do what we're doing. We're going to be aggressive. If we see a great opportunity, we're going to go and get it or try and get it. But I think we're in a very good position, but we have to just keep the pressure on to keep looking for what else is there, what are the new opportunities, are they internal, are they external, enter a collaboration or license or an acquisition and to continue to march forward that way. There's no clear-cut answer, I think we have to do everything. I think the strength of J&J and our R&D organization today is they are truly agnostic. They're looking for the best opportunity wherever they exist and then they're absolutely going to try and get it. So it's not embedded here, it's what is the best opportunity, where is it and how do we bring it into J&J and then get it to the market.
William C. Weldon: Matt, I think we'll spend where the opportunities take us. And that's what we've said all along. We spend more because, and I think you've seen it, the productivity of our pipeline over the last few years has been second to none really. And if you look at the pipeline today, huge opportunities with Bapi, Canagliflozin and these type of opportunities and beyond. So I think we're going to spend what -- we'll deliver those products in the market and spend appropriately. And it maybe that the numbers will be in the relative range they've been in. But there's also the opportunity to come down. But the cost of development of compounds, as you know, is not going backwards. The critical piece of it is the productivity of the pipeline, which is what I talked about earlier, the amount of products that we're able to deliver when we get into Phase III, where your primary cost is or the total cost of the cycle time. So it's planning, it's making sure you're doing good work in getting the product in the market because the most expensive one is the one that never gets there.
William C. Weldon: Yes. I think the XARELTO question actually, there were a lot of borderline warfarin products or COUMADIN for patients that they wanted to get out. And PRADAXA was out in the market first and gained a lot of those products. So what's happened is we've only been in the market a short period of time. We're finding that there is a very -- that the physicians who are using the product are very happy with it and they're starting to look at more and more patients. The thing that's been most encouraging to us is the most recent results we saw, which was the week of January 13. We saw a 21.6% share of patients with new prescription written going on to the XARELTO patients. So we think that physicians are now becoming aware of it. They're looking at the next group of patients that can go on and the failures under PRADAXA, and also if there are potential adverse events. I think there's a kind of a halo, if you want to call it, a negative halo, around all of these products that I think will play itself out over time. But we're actually very encouraged by the most recent results we've seen.
William C. Weldon: Yes. I think it will be a while until we reclaim the share. What we're doing is getting them out as quickly as we can and what we're getting in the market is selling. I think by the middle of 2012, we'll have most of the products that are going to put back in the market definitely by the end of 2012. So I think you'll see a continual increase in those areas. And as we have product supply going into the market, we'll obviously put promotional dollars behind it to reestablish it. But we're very pleased, we have to say, with the support we've had from the consumer and the support we've had from many areas to be able to bring these products back. And I think people are looking forward to them getting back in the market.
William C. Weldon: Yes. Let me make one comment about DOXIL first. It is our highest priority. We've worked with the FDA, we've had meetings with the FDA. We're looking for any type of quality, high-quality source that we could possibly come up with or other ways to get that product in the market. We do realize how critical it is for individuals, and it is one of our highest priorities. And we're doing every possible. I think, as Dom said, if you look at the current supplier, they're saying not until the end of the year at the earliest. Well, I guess at the end of the year, they're saying. But we're looking for ways to maybe get that product back in the market sooner, if possible. As far as my future, I'm doing my job, I've got a job to do. I really can't comment on that. There'll be a point in time when I'll be ready to leave and the board will feel I'm ready to leave, and I let you all know.
William C. Weldon: Yes. We've made significant investments. We have an innovation center that we set up for the Consumer group, which is developing specific products for those areas. In Xuzhou, we've set up a facility for innovation for the med tech area to be looking at specific products developed for the emerging markets in those areas and looking at that as kind of an innovation center for that area. The pharm business, we're doing -- we've got a clinical trial for the center set up in Hong Kong. We're working closely with Tianjin University in the oncology area and others where there's opportunities. I think that it's important to -- and I said this in the talk, everybody really gets excited about emerging markets. And I think that we should be excited about them. But I think we can't lose sight of the developed markets also. We have to make sure we're developing products for both areas. But we have very specific centers that have been set up. The other thing that we've done that we think is very important in the med tech area is we've set up training centers to help educate and train surgeons, especially in the area of replacements. If you look at the orthopedic area, big opportunities. We have to make sure we have the right products, and then we have to make sure that the surgeons are capable of doing it. So we have innovation centers that we've set up throughout and then training centers to complement that. So we think we've made the appropriate investments, and we're seeing -- we're very excited about the growth we're seeing throughout all of our businesses. But we have very high expectations.
William C. Weldon: Sure. I think when you look at -- the big area is elective surgery. And we're still seeing, though, much lower than it had been previously, but kind of the slope of the line and the decline is to starting to smooth out a little bit. The last time I looked at it, it was about 0.5% drop in elective surgery in that area. So we think we're getting close to the bottom of the trough. The other piece of that, that we think is really important and why it's important that we continue to gain share is that there's going to be the people that need this elective surgery are not having it done because they're unemployed. They've lost insurance or anything else, they're putting it off. But you can only put these procedures off for so long. And there's going to be a bolus of people that will come back in the market over time. Now I don't know it's going to be in 2012 or 2013, but I don't think the market is going to decline as precipitously as it had previously. So I think that the procedures are going to be coming back, and I think we need to invest there. Now there's going to be continued pressure -- well let me, before I -- there's going to be continued pressure on pricing. We saw a significant pressure in this spinal area in the last period of time. I think that the hips we've seen basically continued to decline and in the knees, it's pretty constant right about now. But I think we're going to see pricing pressure continue, but I think we'll start to see the procedures coming back. I think if you also look into the emerging markets, you're going to see significant opportunities for growth in those areas as I said before, a lot of it is due to training and moving into that area. And that's the surgical area and the orthopedic area. But the other areas, there's going to be pressures. But I think as you continue to innovate and bring new products out, we're going to able to see things, for example in the diabetes area, in the ocular lens area. And these types of things are going to see opportunities for growth and continued growth. So we think the investment's there, I think the markets totally grew about 3% last year, give or take if you put them all together, and that's about where we were, even with the challenges we had. So we feel pretty good about where we are and where we're going in that market. And again, the whole area of elective surgery can only continue to decline for so long. And there has to come a point when it hits bottom, and then we're going to start to see a ramp back up over time. And what we want to do is be in a position to take advantage of that.
William C. Weldon: Yes, I think that's going to come to us. If you look at what I said before in the MD&D area, we've really refocused our business to have real clear focus on the appropriate areas. One of the things that we saw is we had all these medical device businesses that were scattered around. What we've done is been able to able to take them into the 3 groups which we said is going to give us focus, going to allow us to be able to penetrate the markets and be able to take advantage of the opportunities in those markets and continue to grow our business and maintain margins, let's put it that way.
William C. Weldon: And Catherine, as I said earlier, one point doesn't a trend make. But we felt really good about the most recent results that we've seen in XARELTO. We think we're really seeing some good stuff there.
William C. Weldon: Well, I think some of the things I alluded to also in the talk are areas of looking at biomarkers trying to be able to look at ways to deliver personalized medicine, so you're going to have a much higher prediction -- predictor rate as to whether -- individuals will succeed or not succeed with those types of patients. I think we're going have to wait and see what's going to happen in the whole area of evidence-based medicine. There's a whole a lot of things that are going on right now that are putting more pressure, I think, on the industry to make sure that we're giving better clinical results and making sure that we can document the success that we can have in these areas. So I think that there's going to be a change. This is specifically about pharmaceuticals now. I think there will be a change in the way that we'll be looking at products. And I think as we've done and others are doing right now, we're looking at not trying to come out with a 12-proton pump inhibitor and coming out in areas like that. We're looking at drugs that really bring significant changes to patients and offer real advantages. And I think that in some of the markets, when you go into the developed world, I think there's just a whole tremendous opportunity of patients that are coming into the market that historically have not been there. And there's a huge resource -- by that, I'm talking about resources that the government is willing to spend for patients coming into the market. So I think when you look at it, that there's an opportunity. And I don't think all things are created equal. I think you have to make sure you've selected the right target audience and move forward in that area. I mentioned about the orthopedic business, elective surgery before. I think you're going to see that bottoming out. You're going to see patients coming back into the market. We have to realize we have -- the demographics play in favor of healthcare. And patients, as they get older, spend a lot more on their healthcare and their needs. And I think we're going to have to make sure that we have effective products that are going to create value for those patients and work with the governments to make sure that there's the appropriate reimbursement for those.
William C. Weldon: Well, one of the major areas in Synthes, as we talked about, is the whole area of trauma, which if you want to, you can say it's more of the acute area. And it's an area where it's much less sensitive to a lot of the ebbs and flows. If you need the procedure, you need the procedure. We don't feel that there's any -- we're very excited about the acquisition. We think it continues for all the right reasons to strengthen our orthopedic business, put it into trauma. I think their presence in the emerging markets will also lend itself to some of the advances in our other areas moving into those. So we feel very good about Synthes. Their business has been very strong. So I don't think it's caused us to reassess our position there. And as I said, I think the demographics play so favorably, as well as the emerging markets play so favorably in the orthopedic business that yes we're going through a challenging time, but we think we'll be able to be in a real strong position.
William C. Weldon: No. I think the one area where it caused us more broadly than that to think about was in the drug-eluting stent area, where we've seen the implants or the stents going down as well as price being challenged quite substantially there, and we felt we'd be in a better position to invest -- take those resources that we'd invest in the stent business and invest elsewhere. But if you look at the endoscopic business, you look at the businesses that we're in, in Ethicon, you look at the power and the ultrasound business, I think we feel that we're still in a very good position, and we're going to continue to invest in those areas because we think the markets will be -- will work out really well for us.
William C. Weldon: Robotics specifically -- and during part of my previous life at J&J, we looked at those areas. They made huge strides, they've gotten into lot of areas. But it's an area that we've opted not to go into. So we think that where we're positioned right now is where we ought to be, and hopefully that we'll continue to move in that direction.
William C. Weldon: No. I think that the device tax in 2013 is going to come into play. We understand what it is, where we are and we'll continue to manage our business accordingly. So I don't see any difference that we're doing -- any different changes we're going to take.
William C. Weldon: Yes, I think the areas where we see innovation, and I think you have to look at it as how do you get into -- bring really true innovation into the marketplace, like ZYTIGA, I think, brought really true innovation. So I think it's going to be going into areas like Bapineuzumab for Alzheimer's, Canagliflozin for diabetes and bringing true innovation in those areas that are not going to be -- that are going to create -- where there are real needs, we have to continue to be moving into those areas. I think the same thing in the orthopedic area and the whole medical device area, to be able to deliver a drug through a lens, for example, is something that could be very innovative and help in those areas. So I think you're going to have to look at true innovation and move in an area that allows you to bring products that are going to create value for patients and are going to be able to offer value to the system and moving that way. So I think that's really the answer that we have to look at.
William C. Weldon: Yes, I just want to say thanks. I think you can tell we're very excited about 2012 and beyond. And I think we're going to see a lot of good things happening. And we do look forward to seeing you all, I guess, at the Medical Device & Diagnostics Business Review in November. So thanks very much.
