Dominic Caruso: Right. Hi, Matt. Good morning. Well, you are right. We do see strong growth in Europe. It is primarily driven by the pharmaceutical business, as obviously we have launched some exciting new products in the pharma business. In MD&D, we continue to see government austerity pressures and, quite frankly, a reduction of overall volumes in those businesses. However we seem to making pretty good progress in the Ethicon Surgical Care business and even in our diabetics and the DePuy legacy business in Europe as well.
Dominic Caruso: Sure, Mike. Well, let say the consumer business has had as you know some challenges related to the overall economic slowdown, and yes you did comment and we do see some pickup in overall economic activity, but certainly not to the level that we all hope it would be at, so there are still some carryover elements of trading down, if you will, store brands and the like and what's incumbent upon our business then is to create the innovations that consumers will want and purchase and remain loyal to. You see that in certain pockets of our business more than others quite frankly. For example in skin care, AVEENO products are doing extremely well. You see new advertising campaigns et cetera and AVEENO alone is up 16% year-over-year. In other elements of the business, we have proved our portfolio quite frankly, we have had the impact of divestitures that have shown - made the difficulty in comparing the progress year-over-year, but we are poised to continue to capture market share through innovation which has been our stronghold in the consumer business in addition obviously to focusing on the return of OTC business. Just to mention one other thing about consumer, our emerging markets in the consumer business continue to do well despite some slowdown in some of these emerging markets we were confident that that consumer business will continue to do well and show growth as those consumers begin to purchase more personal care products in the future, so we are happy with the progress to-date. I think, we still have little bit ways to go with some innovation, but we have been very fortunate with the level of innovation we have been able to deliver thus far and I am confident we will see more coming in the near-term.
Dominic Caruso: Right. Well, we did see an overall slower level of market growth in China most recently but let me just give you an idea of year-to-date through the nine months if you exclude Synthes from the numbers because obviously they impact the comparison for last year. We have double-digit growth across the BRIC markets, over 10%. Somewhere near 11%, 12% combined in the BRIC markets. So I think that's pretty healthy growth considering the relative slowdown that we have most recently are seen. We still believe the BRIC markets will be a major contributor of our growth going forward across all three of our major segments, MD&D, consumer and pharma as well.
Dominic Caruso: Sure, Jami. Well, with simeprevir, it would be premature to comment too much before the panel meeting because obviously the utilization of the compound will be somewhat dependent on the label that eventually is granted by the FDA. We do think it's a very potent protease inhibitor and as you know, we have studied the compound in addition to the single indication that we are now in waiting for FDA approval on. We have studied it in combination with other compounds including Gilead's compound and others, both NS5As and nukes. Our strategy has been to develop the most potent protease inhibitor and combine it with other compounds in the marketplace and now I am please to remind you that we have just acquired our own NS5A with our acquisition of the compound from GlaxoSmithKline, so obviously we will now develop a combination of our own, but to comment any further about the actual utilization would be premature for the label and the outcome. With respect to unlocking value, you are right. We have talked about this many times. You have also heard us describe our approach to healthcare as a comprehensive approach having a broad base in healthcare. We believe that that is the best strategy for the long-term to deliver both, innovation and breadth of business and solutions for the healthcare marketplace. We believe we are best positioned by having a combined set of businesses that we currently have and we think that investors and others that follow us very closely understand the composition of our business and can certainly do a very fair some of the parts analysis by looking at the combination of each of the businesses and the appropriate growth rates and above market quite frankly multiples that we think businesses like our Pharma business deserve, so it's all readily available and easily done and we think the long-term strategy is one that's sound and we continue to subscribe to having a broad base of healthcare businesses to be most competitive in the marketplace for the long-term.
Dominic Caruso: Sure. Well, the comparison to last year's third quarter just to be clear, last year's third quarter included the step up in inventory values from the acquisition of Synthes, so you see it 2.5 or 250 basis points improvement year-over-year and about 100 basis points is due to the non-repeat of the step-up in inventory values as that's now flushed out of the system, but the rest of it a 150 basis points is primarily due to the mix of the business, with pharma driving most of the growth. Pharma is in fact the highest gross margin business for us, but in addition to that we have seen good cost containment and cost efficiencies in our MD&D business. Of course as we continue to remediate under consent decree, we will obviously over time show improvements in gross margin from current levels to future in our consumer business. Now having said that, our supply chain strategy is a long term strategy. We have been added now for a couple of years and it includes reciting and redistributing where the products are manufactured. That takes time, Rick, to implement, but we are obviously off to a good start and we expect we will continue to generate cost efficiencies within the supply chain over an appropriate level of time given the regulatory requirement et cetera for reciting products, so we are off to a good start. We are very proud of it and thanks for pointing it out.
Dominic Caruso: Sure, Derrick. Well, with respect to the strategic the evaluation of strategic options for Ortho-Clinical Diagnostics, we said it would take a 12-month to 24-month period. We announced that in January. We are progressing well, it's on track. We are moving through the process. Things are moving along well, so we are progressing as planned. It's premature to give you any more insight in to that. Then obviously, whenever we do finally complete the analysis and make a decision, but I think it would be premature to comment, part of that what we do with the proceeds, but when we are talk about obviously we will update investors at that time.
Dominic Caruso: Sure. Well. Each of the businesses have a substantial innovations that they are launching plans for 2014 and beyond to launch substantial innovations across every one of our businesses. Pharma, you are right, has experienced substantial growth as a result of new product launches, but those product launches are just beginning. They have taken hold now and we think they will continue to do well. Then new products, as you have seen us develop our strategy of continuing to in-license new products and launching those into the marketplace successfully, I think you will continue to see us do that, so I think each one of our businesses has a set of innovation that we plan to launch and each of the businesses should contribute to the growth going forward.
Dominic Caruso: Sure, Danielle. Well, Michel talked a great length about that with respect to the orthopedics business and I would like to ask Michel to comment further, because he's involved across the broad spectrum of Johnson & Johnson's Medical Devices businesses as well, but we see it as an important characteristic in the marketplace and one in which scale and breadth and the power of Johnson & Johnson should serve us well. Certainly, there is very few companies that can match our scale and breadth in dealing with the comprehensive offering to the hospitals. Michel has been there on the frontlines with hospital CEOs and talking about the breadth and scale of Johnson & Johnson even beyond orthopedic, so I am sure Michel you could add a few comments as well.
Dominic Caruso: Glenn, good morning. I don't think the number of selling days is very significant this quarter versus last. I wouldn't attribute any of the change to selling days.
Dominic Caruso: So let me just give you overall. We expected at the beginning of the year that pricing would be a headwind for us this year of about 50 basis points in operating margin. We still think that's the case now that we are nine months through the year. Pricing is in fact an overall headwind for the business in total. And Louise, specifically for these orthopedics.
Dominic Caruso: Well, no, Bob. I didn't say that. I think the person asking the question was stating comments about the growth in the second quarter. I commented on year-to-date through nine months, the BRIC growth excluding Synthes, because that's very important to exclude Synthes in the analysis, is 11% to 12% overall for Johnson & Johnson in the BRIC markets excluding Synthes.
Dominic Caruso: Well a little slower overall but I don't know that I would point any one particular division versus another. I mean there's dynamics in the China marketplace each and every quarter. So I would just say on an overall basis greater than 10% growth is, we are pretty happy with that growth and I think it will do. It will continue to be a major driver of growth for us but what we are seeing is double-digit growth in the BRIC marketplaces but a little lower than what everyone else has previously commented on as an expectation for BRIC growth of maybe mid-teens. We see it's a little bit slower than that now.
Dominic Caruso: Okay. Thanks Michel for joining us today and thanks Louise. Well, we are very pleased with our quarterly results and our progress this year in advancing our near-term priorities of returning to a reliable supply of OTC products to the market, successfully integrating Synthes and building on the momentum of our newly launched pharmaceutical products. We are doing all of this while continuing to deliver strong financial results and developing longer term strategies to drive growth in this dynamic global healthcare market, where we are focused on addressing the critical unmet healthcare needs of patients and consumers. I would like to, again, thank the people of Johnson & Johnson for their dedication and commitment, and I look forward to updating you on our full year results, our outlook for 2014 and our strategic priorities along with our CEO, Alex Gorsky, when we meet in January. Thanks again for your time this morning and have a great day, everyone.
Michel Orsinger: Good morning, Matt. Indeed related to our U.S. spine performance, we have and continue to go through some disruptions, while we are very excited about our international business growing at plus 9%. Now related to the U.S. changes, as you can imagine, combining two sales forces from two different companies is a major task. We are combining different selling models, distributor base versus a direct setting model. Two sales people are calling on the same accounts on the same hospitals requiring realignment of territories. The sales force having to deal short-term with the complexity of two different systems, processes, it all takes time. Just as one example, sales consulting, as consultants ordering products need to do this from two different legacy ordering systems which need to be harmonized through IT and that obviously can lead to some frustrations by the sales force. But having said so, we are taking clear measures, ongoing measures, at very different levels, related primarily to ensure we can provide better support to the sales force, make their job easier but at the same time also provide enhanced and harmonized compensation and benefit packages. We are in the final stage of realigning our territories and I think people, customers but also our sales people do recognize that we, having the opportunity to combine two product bags, have one of the most attractive product offering, specially leveraging the strength of legacy Synthes in the cervical area, leveraging the strength of legacy DePuy in the lumber area. So time will help to stabilize the sales force and to create the stronger spine company also in the U.S.
Michel Orsinger: The lower price competition we have been observing is primarily located in the U.S. We have seen some smaller companies trying to offer very specific product segments in specific institutions. So we are clearly taking corrective measures by working on major initiatives related to segmentation, customer segmentation, channel segmentation and products. We are going to counteract by also cross selling and certainly elevating our agenda with our customers leveraging our breadth and size of our portfolio through contracts and also establishing more strategic relationships. We see our sales clearly as a total solution provider which includes products and services primarily supported and provided by our well educated salesforce.
Michel Orsinger: Kristen thanks for the question. Well, we have consistently addressed this question in a way that I think investors have come to understand our approach to capital allocation which is first and foremost we are going to generate strong cash flows. After that, we are very proud of having a 51-year history of increasing our dividend and so we have a priority towards allocating capital to our dividend which has proven to be the most enduring return to capital that we have looked at over long periods of time compared to other companies in the industry. Then we would like to continue to increase our presence in the global healthcare market by doing smart acquisitions at the right time with the right value for shareholders, which in the end continues to give us the ability to generate even stronger cash flows for the long-term. Then finally in order of priority, we look at share repurchases primarily as an offset to any dilution we might incur. For example, in the Synthes transaction, we completely offset that dilution of the employee stock purchases. We also obviously continue to offset that dilution, so that's the order in which we think of capital allocation to the extent we are opportunistic at times to buy back stock. We will always entertain that possibility, but that's been our approach and we think it has served us well and will continue to serve us well and our shareholder for the long-term.
Michel Orsinger: Indeed, Dominic. The emphasis we have is on growth but considering the new market environment over the last two years, it's a relative growth to the market which our people feel accountable to. Related to cost synergies we see nevertheless attractive opportunities to further realize and within our integration efforts, I must say, that at least the internally defined growth and cost synergies are on target.
Michel Orsinger: Thank you for the question. First of all related to robotics. I think it's important to put it the question in to context of enabling technologies. There are many ways to improve the surgical processes and such enables our computer data territory, patient specific instrumentation, sensors and enabling technology in today's environment, in my opinion, must consider in a balanced way outcomes, efficiency and costs. So robotics, in its current stage, based on my information has not yet been proven that it is the best solution to address all of these criteria in a holistic way. It has theoretical incremental improvement in surgical accuracy but with increased significant surgical time and capital cost. Longer-term, robotic technology could have a role in facilitating less invasive patient customized implants and to proceeded solutions, so we continue to monitor this technology with great interest. Our focus is currently on procedure and episode of care efficiency. For example through our TruMatch and Care4Today where we think there are much more fundamental advantages to be gained. Related to your second question, I can confirm your statement. We also believe that joint in the third quarter has at least maintained momentum if not picked up. We see an overall very attractive performance from DePuy Synthes recon with plus 7%. I am confident although we still have to wait until other major players report their quarterly results, I am confident that that DePuy Synthes has gained share in the third quarter and that would mean that we have done so in its fifth consecutive quarter.
Michel Orsinger: Sure, Tony. Well, let's see. Let's talk about free cash flow and just for purposes of definition that's cash flow from operation less capital expenditures. That's the way we look at free cash flow and that has consistently been very strong at Johnson & Johnson and this year is no exception to that. Last year, we reported free cash flow in excess of $12 billion. We expect that this year's free cash flow will be greater than that. With respect to the relationship of free cash flow, the earnings, many of the special charges that we have talked about are in fact non-cash special charges right now. If you look at our earnings in comparison to free cash flow, what you will find is that generally speaking Johnson & Johnson has always delivered free cash flow in the aggregate that's somewhere in the neighborhood of 95% to 105% or just about equal to the net earnings that the company generates on an annual basis, so that has to do with our ability to manage receivables, inventory and appropriately invest in capital, so a very strong cash flow indeed and that's a credit to all the men and women that operate and run our businesses throughout the world where they do pay attention for the level of free cash flow that's generated, because that of course is the fuel for us to invest further in our business. With respect to abiraterone or ZYTIGA pre-chemo versus chemo, Louise was able to look that up for us, so let me just turn it over to Louise for that answer.
Michel Orsinger: Well, Tony, the structural heart ware or cardiovascular devices in general are of interest to Johnson & Johnson with the exception of the stent market which, Bruce, we have exited. So we do view structural heart as an attractive market. It is true, however, that whenever we look at acquisitions we look to acquire assets at a price that we believe will generate value for our shareholders. So to the extent that valuations are a bit inflated, we would rather wait and approach that market when valuations come, in our view, better in line, Bruce. So that's the way we look at it. So of interest to us but we will watch valuations carefully before acting.
Michel Orsinger: Well, Bruce, the main strategy with XARELTO has been and continues to work well for us and that is that the breadth of clinical indications and support for the product is really unparalleled in the marketplace, in addition to the convenience of the once-daily dosage. So we have see steady growth in XARELTO, new to brand share in particular with cardiologist and even with primary care physicians, primarily because of the breadth of the clinical data despite the fact that there has been much competition entering the marketplace but that competition just doesn't have the breadth of clinical data that we have with XARELTO. So that's been our strategy. I credit our cardiovascular therapeutic area team for developing that strategy and it's working really well. So I expect we will continue to be leaders in this marketplace. ACS just adds to the total package of clinical data which our experience is that that gives physicians, cardiologists, et cetera just more confidence in the utilization of that compound given the fact that it's been extensively studied. We look forward to see what the FDA responses with respect to our new submission for ACS. But we think that will add to the breadth of good clinical data which has been, I think, the main driver of the growth of the product.
Michel Orsinger: Okay, first of all related to spine. My takeaway from that was, in general, stakeholders are expecting more and more evidence. We might see some uplift in the fourth quarter from a market point of view, people who have been delaying and may use that co-payment earlier year might finally decide to go for surgeries. ATTUNE. We are on track related to ATTUNE. Very important to us. All the clinical outcomes, which are very good. Surgeon's acceptance to try the product are also very good. So we are in the midst of launching not only now in the U.S., but expanding into Europe and eventually Asia-Pacific. The key question, in my opinion, will be how much of our volume goes into current customers versus how much we give to new customers to convert and this is a balance our sales force needs to tackle. But so far, we are very confident that ATTUNE will have a good impact worldwide within the next two to three years.
Michel Orsinger: Thank you. Certainly the healthcare landscape is changing big time. And as mentioned before, all stakeholders are looking forward continuing to improve patient outcome but also to increase patient satisfaction and do that at reduced cost. While the landscape is changing, we see emerging decision makers like the providers, either CEOs of the hospital of groups and having had the opportunity to meet many of them over the last few months, there is a demand for value creation, there is a demand for transforming the healthcare delivery system and there is a demand to collaborate with larger companies. Scale, in the sense of DePuy Synthes, but also leveraging other opportunities within MD&D and within even other Johnson & Johnson portfolios will give us the opportunity to work at a much higher strategic level with providers and, yes, provide more cost effective procedures, products but also services to ensure that this more total oriented solution and not just focused on products, will provide a relevant add on solution to every single stakeholder. So we are confident that, now, being part of J&J but combining those two companies, we can leverage breadth of the portfolio, scale and this is what matters more than ever before to the healthcare providers and payers, by the way.
Michel Orsinger: It depends how you define value segment. We define it as providing healthcare in a more effective way and this is not just focused on the product. This is not just focused on the price. You have to look at the whole continuum. The patient goes through a process. We are developing new programs and services to educate the patient, working with providers and clinicians to have protocols with standardized procedures but eventually also a company there the patients and the families in the rehab post operatively. And this is what we see as a better value offering, a more relevant offering and not just focused on pricing and discounting. The discussions will continue obviously to deal on pricing, but we have now being part of a larger company DePuy Synthes and J&J, the unique opportunity to again leverage size and scale and create beyond product innovation service and program innovation which will create value, so in that sense the Value segment is becoming more holistic, more complex, but representing a great opportunity for us.
Michel Orsinger: Yes. Indeed, the key goal in our discussions with key partners is, how we could provide value in form of more holistic solutions. So far the industry has been very much focused on surgeons and patients, obviously, delivering good clinical outcomes. Now the healthcare delivery system needs to find new ways to do so in a more cost effective way. Hence we are driving now not only a strong R&D pipeline but a pipeline of new programs and services, collaborating together with the partners. We don't have all the answers today. But we understand more and more of their needs. So elevating our relationship to more a strategic partnership with the providers in providing more holistic solutions. And maybe one more word, a key advantage we have, beside our already really relevant critical size within DePuy and Synthes, talking about MD&D, more and more we find new ways to collaborate, for example, with Global Surgery, who offer complementary products for one and the same procedure. So a procedure based approach give us as also opportunity to combine co-solutions from different pockets of the industry.
Michel Orsinger: I attribute our Q3 performance primarily to good portfolio mix in the U.S. primarily driven by Corail/TRI-LOCK and Pinnacle Acetabular Cup System. I attribute it to a very focused strategy, by the way well executed by the sales force and last but not least by a solid leadership. No major changes in my opinion related to competition. Good execution by DePuy Synthes.
Louise Mehrotra: Okay. Tony, the split of sales in the U.S. is roughly 55% naive and 45% refractory in the quarter. If you look at the market growth, the market growth in the quarter was 24.5% for that total market, refractory grew about 26.5% and naive about 23.5%. We actually grew share also in a total market going to 33% up from 30.6% and the refractory market you see a slight dip at that 55% from 55.4%, because of the new competition but you see nice growth in the naive market 24.6%, up from 21%.
Louise Mehrotra: So this is U.S. only. So price in hips is down about 3% in the quarter. We have a positive mix about 1.5%. So a net of negative 1.5% price mix for the hips in U.S. And as far as knees, price is down about 1.5%, mix up about 1%.
Louise Mehrotra: I do. So price for spine down about 4% in the quarter with a negative mix of about 0.5%. So close to about 4.5% negative in terms of price mix for spine, U.S. U.S. only, again.
