Alex Gorsky: Thank you, Paul and Joaquin. I hope you can see why we’re also proud of the Pharmaceutical segment and very optimistic about our future growth in this area. So, I would now like to turn it over to Dominic Caruso for more detailed review of our financial performance.
Alex Gorsky: Yes. Matt, this is Alex. Thanks a lot for the question. As you know trying to predict these things out of the future is always a bit of a challenge. But as we’re experiencing right now and as we discussed earlier in the discussion, we’re seeing hospital utilization rates specifically admission, surgical procedures, lab procedures and even primary care physician visits, they remained somewhat subdued. And we’ve seen this trend for several quarters now. Long-term of course we see the offset to that in demographics, increasing middle class increasing access to care under the Affordable Care Act as drivers for us. So we remained optimistic because we don’t think that there is a fundamental reason for the underlying demand or disease rights to change, but that's not something that we’re certainly watching. If we look across to Europe, we continue to see some challenge in areas. But overall, we would say that the impact in Europe has moderated somewhat and we continue to see good solid growth in the developing markets. I mean overall we had about 10% growth on an annual basis so far in BRIC and we expect that to continue into the future as well. So, I mean I think that's the way we’re thinking about it right now. But it’s certainly something that we’re going to continue to watch closely.
Alex Gorsky: Sure, Larry. Thanks a lot for the question. As we articulated back in January, we see that longer term the overall healthcare market growing somewhere in the rate of 3% to 5% and we definitely try to manage for the long-term, and so while quarter-to-quarter, year-to-year we may see some fluctuations. We think generally speaking as we put in all the ups and downs going forward that’s probably a pretty reasonable estimate in consistent with what a lot of surveys would show. Our goal is that we want to always exceed the market growth i.e., we want to be bringing new innovations to market, we want to be competitive in the way we gain share. So we always aspire and shoot to exceed what the market growth is, and we said in terms of our overall profitability and bottom line performance that a company of our size and our of our scale should consistently strive to grow our bottom line at or slightly faster than our top. So that’s really our long term strategy, but as you’ve acknowledged at the beginning of the question, we’re very proud the performance that we’re posting as of now. And certainly it’s led by our pharmaceutical group that really by any measure has done exceedingly well starting by bringing a lot of great new therapies that were helping patients, but also driving our business. But I also think if you look across the balance of business, our consumer as we noted while up 3.5 operationally, if we netted out for divestitures growing at almost 6%, and if you look at the strength of some of underlying brands skin care, baby care, North America OTCs, all very solid high single digits taking share across the boards that we’re pleased with that. And even in our MD&D while clearly we a few areas that had been challenged such as the pricing in the diabetes market, the OCD divestiture, and some investments we’re making in other areas we think if we net out for divestitures in some of those extremes, we’re probably up at about 2% with clearly a path to growth faster going forward. So that’s the way we see it over all Larry.
Alex Gorsky: Sure, and thank you. Larry, as you think back to about three years ago when we announced the Synthes acquisition I think 2.5 to 3 years, part of the strategy rationale that we made at that time was that we, we definitely saw consolidation in the future simply because of the number of different participants you had in the market. The pressures that we expected going forward and as a result of that we believe proactively sought out and conducted the Synthes acquisition, which we’re pleased with the way that it’s going, and we have achieved our sales as well as our margin, goals that we have set for ourselves along the way and in fact I think, after the last couple of years of going through disruption which you would anticipate in a merger of that size, I think now we’re really poised for solid growth going forward.  And so, what I would say is at that time we had predicted to that in fact it would happen, I think the other aspect, of course, we looked at areas like our cardiovascular business and drug alluding stands. And we saw a lot of market pressure ahead both in terms of volume and pricing. We therefore made a difficult decision to access that market, but nonetheless we think that that was the right decision to make base upon the overall dynamics.  So, if we look at ourselves today, we think we’re clearly the broadest medical device company. We think we’re well positioned, particularly when you consider areas like general surgery, like orthopedics we have not only brought, but also deep offerings that gives us solid market positions across the number of different platforms. We realized that in cardiovascular we’re subscale, we have a very strong EP business that’s growing at 14% we also estimate innovations but by continuing frankly to monitor and watch that market as we see what happens in some of those segments. We don’t think it’s a bad place to be. And certainly we’ll continue to evaluate our options going forward.
Alex Gorsky: Sure. Matt, look as you know what I think that there been several phases to growth in emerging markets and I think historically we have taken a lot of our technology from the developed markets and we’ve basically appealed to the higher segments in the emerging markets. And obviously try to adapt those products based upon the commercial model, the distribution system that exists in that particular area. But more and more we’ve realized that our approach is and sometimes actually the unmet medical need is different and so developing the underlying capability or product acquisition, developments and commercialization unique to that entity is something that we’re focusing on. So that’s a major driver behind our innovation center that we focused in Shanghai. We do have R&D centers in both Shanghai and Beijing. I think we’re still in the earlier phases of some of the projects that we have coming out of those, but clearly it’s our goal to develop a much more customized approach for those particular markets. That being said, we still think that there is good opportunity in some of the premium segments across all three of our sectors. So we’ll continue to work those very hard as well.
Alex Gorsky: Yes, Matt, this is Alex again. Let me take a shot at that first and then Louise can certainly add any colors necessary. But as you know we’re one of the first companies to report in this space. So it’s always a challenge to predict exactly how everyone is going to come in, but as we look at our business we think that we’re maintaining share or slightly growing, what we’ve seen is somewhat of a more cyclical trend towards particular knee procedures, we think shifting more to the back end of the year. And if you think about last year and a very robust growth that we saw in Q4 about some of the ways now the patients have a greater responsibility providing their co-payments upfront with the procedures, but that does result in more of a second half of the year affect than early in the year. Again, let me put the caveat in but we can’t say that was certainly, because we’re coming out early on the reporting, we’re going to watch it closely but from what we’re hearing from our people in the field. We don’t think that there is significant share shifts taking place. We continue to get really good feedback on the Atune as it continues to be rolled out. And as you can see from the performance of our hips up 5%, trauma up 7%, you know the core of our business and our teams, we believe are performing well. So that’s our position at this point in time.
Alex Gorsky: Hey, Rick thanks a lot for the question. Rick, we’re going to continue to stay very active, particularly where we see great areas of unmet medical need where we think we can contribute and really bring value to the marketplace. I think there are opportunities across all of our segments. We’ve been active as Paul noted earlier in some of the partnerships, in development programs that we’ve been able to bring together in our pharmaceutical group. And we think if there, our agnostic approach of internal versus external sourcing is actually really have been a driver. At the end of the day, we went at that science and I think clearly we are seeing the results of that approach with the success that we’re experiencing. But we are certainly not slowing down, we continue to be very active particularly in the five therapeutic areas where we are targeting.  I think if you look across MD&D, there too, we continue to see opportunities. As I mentioned earlier, given our decision several years ago in cardiovascular, we’re going to continue to watch that area very close to augment potentially onto our EEP business, which has done very well.  And we continue to look for other ways in orthopedics as well as in global surgery. Again, where we see great technology that’s either a complimentary fit, has platform potential or may give us an opportunity for vertical integration. And in our consumer segment, another area that we’re very committed to, here too, we see opportunities. We think that we’ve done a very nice job over the past several years of focusing on really what are the key growth opportunities that we have in that segment, and as a result, we’ve done several smaller divestures. We think that’s allowed us to be more focused, more effective, more efficient. But here too, we certainly see opportunities to gain additional scale across different areas of that portfolio. So we’ll remain active, but I think in a strategic level, that’s the way that we are currently thinking about it.
Alex Gorsky: Yes, a couple of things. One is, we remain committed to the diabetes space and I think as you know, the significant I think it was 72% price reduction took place in the United States occurred in the first half of the year, so we do expect to be lapping that. If we look at the underlying dynamics of the market, I’d like to commend our team because we continue to see very good performance in SMDG both in the U.S. as well as outside. Also with our insulin pump business, Animas, we’ve seen proving performance. We do have Viario under review by the FDA, I don’t believe we’re projecting an approval time at this point, but we certainly think that that's going to offer a nice addition for patients as well as for physicians. And the other important dynamic, Rick is that our diabetes business has also been involved in launch of INVOKANA. And when you consider the strong relationships that we’ve had for a number of years with the endocrinologists, part of our early success with INVOKANA has been because of the way we’ve been able to bring a broader more comprehensive offering to those specialists and frankly that's better for patients that's better for the physicians and better for our business.
Alex Gorsky: That’s a great question. We are very mainly pleased with the launch of INVOKANA. As Alex mentioned, it’s been the most successful launch in type 2 diabetes since JANUVIA. And we’re now the leading oral anti-diabetic in type 2 among U.S. endocrinologists. The combination of metformin is a very relevant one. The most relevant combination we have that combination approved in Europe with the name of VOKANAMET and we’re expecting a response from the FDA with the PDUFA date in August. So we think it’s going to be an important element for physicians and we’ll have a significant impact in our business moving forward.
Alex Gorsky: Well, David, I am not sure that the messages were that inconsistent overall. And the way that I would answer that is we do believe scale and size and depth and breadth is going to be important across MD&D. And that has to do with evolving customers right now. I mean when you think about the healthcare landscape going forward whether it’s hospital systems in the United States whether it’s governments in Europe or in the developing markets, we see the opportunity for broader partnerships to be something that customers are both wanting and something that we can definitely provide. Now I think there is not just one flavor, I think it depends on the system, it depends on the specific customer as to what kind of partnership they may want to have, and I think there could be certain opportunities where a customer might look, might desire to look just across the orthopedics portfolio or perhaps the general surgery area to doing a different kind of partnership or other systems who might be a bit more mature might look for something broader across the entire portfolio. So I think that’s likely the difference in messaging that you’ve heard between some of our global surgery and orthopedics, but overall we do think that we see that as a long-term dynamic and something that will be important and frankly one where we’re positioned very well.
Alex Gorsky: Kristen, thanks a lot for your question, and let me first of all compliment our EP business and the cardiovascular group for the performance this past year. I believe now we’ve got over 10 consecutive quarters of double-digit growth and when you think of the new technologies like Cardo and others, it’s resulted in great, frankly advancements for patients as well as great growth opportunities for our business. And I would answer your question saying yes, we remain committed to cardiovascular. That being said, we know that we have to be very thoughtful about where we are going to compete and how we might expand our position in that particular market. So as you said, we are doing a watchful waiting. At this point, we continue to watch the other segments, new technologies as they come in seeing what kind of opportunity they may present and we think we will be well positioned going forward based upon how those dynamics evolve.
Alex Gorsky: So thank you very much everybody and I hope you all agree and as you can see that the diversified business and strategy that we define in our strategic framework that we discussed with you earlier are in fact delivering very strong financial strategic and operational performance and will continue to be the basis to fuel our growth going forward. I couldn’t be prouder the people of Johnson & Johnson and a big difference they make in living up to the mission of our credo, it’s on behalf of the billions of patients and consumers we serve around the world each day. We are very proud to have the honor and privilege of doing that. So I want to thank you all for joining us this morning and I wish you all a great rest of the day.
Dominic Caruso: Yes, sure Mike, thanks. Just a couple of points, I mean we did of course exceed street estimates for the quarter by $0.11. As you know, we don’t provide quarterly guidance, we provide annual guidance, and when we spoke to the investment community last quarter we were confident that our strong operating results would help absorb the OCD dilution in the back half of the year within the range we have previously provided. So let me just walk down the items that you’ve mentioned. We did exceed analyst estimates by about $0.11. Almost half of that will be used of course to offset the OCD lower earnings in the back half of the year. As you pointed out, other income and expense gains will be lower than we expected this year. That’s another $0.03 or $ 0.04. Currency was a minor adjustment. If you look at our overall guidance, we therefore after absorbing this $0.11 that we just described, we do think that overall guidance is up about four pennies. If we think about the midpoint of our guidance, last time it was about 585 the mid-point now it is about 589. So we feel good that despite this reconciliation that you just walked through, the business will continue to perform well and therefore we are comfortable raising the guidance for the balance of the year.
Dominic Caruso: Sure, Derrick. Well, overall, including the negative impact of the Japanese Yen to gross margins which was said was about 60 basis points for the year. Obviously, we saw most of that in the second quarter. The overall pre-tax operating margin improved about 230 basis points despite that headwind. And I would say about two thirds of that improvement is attributable to OLYSIO. That’s how we frame it.
Dominic Caruso: Well, I would say, it’s a little -- as I mentioned earlier, Derrick, it’s a little too early to predict. I mean, we know that new competition is coming, but at this point it’s premature to speculate on it. Obviously, when we speak to you in January about our guidance for ’15, we’ll make that much clear then.
Dominic Caruso: Yes, sure Josh. Well obviously the pharmaceutical business that drove most of our growth this quarter is our best performing business in margin, so obviously they are major contributor. The other two businesses also contributed, I mentioned the lower cost in the MD&D business in particular. I think going forward, it’s difficult to predict for each business because as we develop our plans, we will balance off investment opportunities for each business with appropriate, whether the R&D programs or product launches et cetera. So I can’t give you a specific as to what to expect from each for the business going forward. But for MD&D, the margins ex-OCD should definitely improve, because that was a business that had margins lower than our overall MD&D business.
Dominic Caruso: Hey Glenn, just to follow-up on your question about SG&A, we don’t give line specific guidance, but it is true that this particular quarter we saw 200 basis point improvement in SG&A compared to last year. And most of the 230 basis point improvement in pre-tax operating margin was a result of that. And I mentioned earlier that that was also two-thirds driven by OLYSIO. So I think this quarter is a relative low SG&A quarter relatively speaking, but it is an area that we constantly strive to keep an eye on because quite frankly we’d rather invest more in R&D. So if we can spend more in R&D and get more productive R&D investment, we would look to offset that with some lower SG&A spend going forward.
Dominic Caruso: So couple of comments on the impact of OCD, for this year the OLYSIO benefit does in fact help us absorb the lack of OCD earnings in the back half of the year plus we’re investing in the back half of the year. So our margins overall will not be as significant as you saw in the second quarter because we do intend to invest in the back half of the year for future growth while still overall providing higher earnings that we previously estimated. The share buyback that we talked about regarding the proceeds of the OCD, divestiture we will do that but that – we’ll see that impact in ’15 of course because the ability to have an impact of a share buyback this late in the year in ’14 is very small but that will help us offset the dilution in ’15, David.
Dominic Caruso: Yes, sure. I’ll let Louise give specifics on orthopedics pricing, but we did see a continual trend by the way, it’s not really new, a continual trend of negative pricing across the medical device space in orthopedics in surgery. We’ve also seen various competitive pricing dynamics even in the vision care business and we’re comparing this now to last year. So we do see increased competitive pricing dynamics and the market is looking for a lower pricing of products. And in orthopedics in particular this quarter we saw it, and Louise if you have in particular the impact for orthopedics.
Dominic Caruso: Yes, thanks Jay. Again building on the earlier question, we do think this is an opportunity where our breadth and scale is helpful particularly when customers are prepared to deal with a broader offering and this case we are able to provide it. We have definitely benefitted from that and we expect that to continue and other areas of the market continue to transform. And I think regarding how do you keep that from becoming just a pricing issue, I think it has to do with one of the level of innovation that you are bringing forward; two, what’s the overall partnership and solution that you are building with that particular customer that we think would be instrumental in helping us keep good solid growth going forward.
Joaquin Duato: Thank you. This is Joaquin. You are correct. Our expectation is that ZYTIGA patent will go until December 16, that is the composition of matter with a five-year data exclusivity under Hatch-Waxman extension.
Joaquin Duato: Not at this point. We are now working and understanding what the impact of this notice of allowance is. As a matter of patent use, so at this point we remain -- we have our position that I described before.
Joaquin Duato: Thanks for the question. And the biosimilars area is something that we watch very closely. As you know, biosimilars are not identical to their innate or medicines and therefore the contingency in which they will prescribe will be different than the situation we have in a small molecule. At the same time, developing and manufacturing and commercializing biosimilars has different costs. I mean they need to prepare a full clinical dossier and manufacturing biologics is an expensive and complex process. And commercializing them will have also additional cost. So we expect biosimilars to behave as lower cost brands. And from that perspective, biosimilars wouldn’t have the type of impacting erosion that you see with generic and small molecules. A good example of that is what happened with Epoetin Alfa in Europe. We lost the patent years ago and we remained a leading Epoetin Alfa product in Europe despite of the biosimilar that had been launched, now what is our part in landscape today, you refer to the U.S. in our two key markets in the U.S., our patent would expire in September 18 and in our key European as present 80% of European sales in February 15. Our strategy regarding biosimilar remained the same. We are going to clearly work with the regulatory authorities to ensure patient safety in this area as far as the conditions in which these products have to be developed and have to be prescribed that include naming, which we think it’s important, that includes to what extent indications should not be extrapolated and that includes also obviously interchangeability, so that’s the first point that we’re working globally in order to ensure patient safety. The second point is that we have an extensive safety real-world evidence database with regards to REMICADE, it’s been used already prescribing 2 million patients, it was launched in 1998 and we believe that is a factor that this is we consider when they prescribe. And the third one is that we continue to invest in immunology as Paul described, we think there is a still unmet medical needs there and we’re going to work in different mechanic or fractions such anti-IL-6 or anti-IL-23 in order to try to address these unmet medical needs. So that’s our strategy and now impact so far of biosimilars in the countries that have been launched like Korea or some European countries in which we are not patent protected. The impact has been very-very limited and the price erosion has also been limited. The discount in which these products have been launched averaged about 25% to the branded price, so that’s the situation today as far as the biosimilar to REMICADE. With regard to your question of the U.S. and the patent of REMICADE in the U.S., we feel very strong about the strength of patents and we continue confirm that our patent as we see today will expire in September 18.
Joaquin Duato: So let me start with the size of the market and may be a good example is how ZYTIGA is doing today. About 60% of the ZYTIGA sales today are already in the pre-chemotherapy setting. Now how big the non-metastatic setting is going to be because as you know we started the trial with ARN-509 in patients with high rising PSAs and noted metastatic is going to be bigger and mostly likely we’ll have a longer duration of treatment. It’s difficult for me to give you an exact dimension of that market, but it will be certainly bigger in terms of the number of patients and the duration of therapy than the metastatic market in each marketing where there is a significant unmet medical need and we are pleased to see that we have been the first in starting a Phase III trial in that legal setting.
Louise Mehrotra: Okay, so the spine unit in the U.S. this is operational growth. In the U.S., it is down 2%, O-U.S. it is up 4% for a worldwide growth up 1% for the total. And in terms of pricing in spine, spine in terms of price in the U.S. only, I don’t have it for the worldwide. The U.S. is down 5% in price with a positive mix of about 1.44% and net for about 3.5% down. Okay, next question please.
Louise Mehrotra: So in terms of hips in the U.S., we are seeing a very similar trend of price mix change. So the price is down about 4% but there is a positive mix. So it brings it down to about 3.5%. And in terms of knees, we have in terms of in the U.S., the price down about 2.6% but there is a nice positive impact of mix of about 1.5%, so for a net about 1.1%.
Louise Mehrotra: Trauma is a net price. So net price and mix together positive about 2.2 and that’s a small negative in the price about 1% and a positive in the mix of about 3%.
