Dominic Caruso: Right, so as Louise pointed out, Matt, the quarter includes this inventory step-up, from the acquisition of Synthes, which we’ve excluded in our earnings. And so what you saw when you exclude that for the quarter – I don’t know if you did that for the year-to-date basis – was just a slight uptick year-over-year of 20 basis points I think it was, Louise. And that’s related to the continued remediation efforts in the Consumer business. So I don’t think that gross margin excluding this impact from Synthes which will of course, you know, rotate off after all that inventory is sold, I don’t think that will be a big driver one way or the other to our earnings.
Dominic Caruso: Right. Good morning, Mike. Well you’re right we have been through some tough times which of course some of those are expected because of patent expirations and the like, but nonetheless, I think the focus that we had during those times to continue to invest particularly in our pharmaceutical pipeline has paid off for us. So if you look at the three businesses in particular, pharma of course is now as Joaquin said ten quarters of growth and accelerating that growth, and we’re excited about the way the products are performing in the marketplace. And as Paul mentioned, we have new products coming that we’re also very excited about. MD&D of course is challenged by the lower procedure volumes that continue, but offsetting that of course, we now have Synthes as a member of the Johnson & Johnson family of companies. And having a large presence in orthopedics, which we think will be in fact a growth area within Medical Devices given demographics and emerging market trends. So that should help us continue growth in that business along with new product innovation throughout all of MD&D. And the Consumer business is holding up well, you know, in a tough consumer environment generally. But of course we’re looking forward to the return of the OTC products, and we know that we’re delayed in that return. We want to do this right. But of course we see those returning over the near term horizon in 2013. And so all in all I think the business is on sound footing, Mike. I think the investments we made were the appropriate ones. They’re paying off. And the execution of the talented people of Johnson & Johnson is paying off. So I feel pretty good about where the business is right now, and obviously I can’t give you a forecast or guidance for next year. We’ll talk to you about that in January. But overall I feel pretty good that we’re on solid footing here.
Dominic Caruso: Biosimilars, Catherine, we described before our exclusivity situation in the U.S. and Europe in the U.S. in 2018 and in Europe with our pediatric extension is accepted would be until February 2015. So those are our core markets with REMICADE. Certainly we continue to work to shape our policy around guidelines and product development and approval of biosimilars, particular around the interchangeability and extrapolation of indications. So it’s an area which we are working hard in order to try to protect patient safety as far as using biosimilars. For us it’s also very meaningful in this context, the fact that we file SIMPONI IV in rheumatoid arthritis and we file it in September, and we believe that SIMPONI IV, it’s going to be a very good option for patients. It has a 30-minute infusion time which compares favorably with REMICADE. It has a low rate of infusion reactions, and it has a patent life until 2024. So we are confident that SIMPONI IV it’s going to become an important option for patients, and it’s going to make SIMPONI the only anti-T and F, which is going to be available at this point in subcutaneous and intravenous formulation.
Dominic Caruso: Yeah, hi, Larry. I think there was some. As Louise mentioned earlier in her script, there was some inventory build in the quarter, not overall significant to the entire growth in the quarter. So we’re pleased with the quarterly results, and I would say although somewhat impacted by these pipeline builds, I wouldn’t consider them significant as a significant impact at all.
Dominic Caruso: Sure, Larry. So let me deal with the U.S. first. So the statistics we have again are one quarter back so I don’t want to project for the third quarter until we actually see the data. So with respect to second quarter, we saw overall utilization trends continuing to increase in both hospital admissions, hospital surgeries, physician office visits. They were all single digit increases, however. I don’t want to overstate the increase. We did see orthopedic procedures grow at around the mid single digit range, and that of course did translate into third quarter results for us as you saw with our orthopedics business and the joint reconstruction results. So that seems to be stabilizing because we’ve now seen a couple quarters of these low rates of growth, and of course they’re not exciting low rates of growth but they’re not declines which is what we saw for the previous nine quarters, and more growth in orthopedic procedures in particular. In Europe, we do see in the MD&D businesses some volume pressures particularly in Greece, Spain, Portugal, and early signs also in Italy. And just to give you a sense, the Europe business for Johnson & Johnson we reported 7% operational growth excluding Synthes that’s about 2% operational growth, and within the MD&D business, excluding Synthes, it was marginally declined in the quarter but only slightly. So we are seeing some pressure as we expected to see early in the year in procedure volumes in Europe as well.
Dominic Caruso: Well, it’s difficult for me to judge on what the regulators will do. But based on the information and what we have submitted, I think all the information is in favor of a good safety profile and a balanced cardiovascular risk. The benefits we think significantly balance the cardiovascular risk, and therefore I think we’ll have to see. We anticipate we’ll have an advisory panel before the approval so more debate will happen there and I think our people are very well prepared to address this question. And so I think it’s not appropriate for me to further go into this at this point.
Dominic Caruso: Okay. Hi, Jamie. Let me take the first question about the portfolio and then turn it over of course to Paul on the Hep C question and other questions in the pharma business. When I referred to pruning our portfolio for businesses that might not fit or require more investment than we think would justify based on the return, I don’t view shifting out of pharma MD&D or consumer as pruning. That would be a pretty major decision. And I could tell you we’re not considering that now, and we feel very good about having a broad-based business in healthcare. We think that’s the way to be best positioned for where healthcare is going globally, and we believe having a broad portfolio is in fact the strongest set of cards we can have. So I would say the pruning refers to businesses that are not contributing to growth or for which investments are not worthy. And we always do that. We have done it over our history, and I would think we would continue to do it in the future as well. But not a wholesale reshaping of Johnson & Johnson. That’s not under consideration now. Paul? Or Joaquin.
Dominic Caruso: With regard to 435, I don’t have the holy grail answer, but on every drug you develop one by one, every drug needs preclinical safety and preclinical safety needs safety and efficacy. And if you combine three drugs, you need to have a massive amount of information and also luck to make sure the three drugs are both all safe and effective. And I think at this moment drugs are developed one by one, showing efficacy and safety, getting approved by the FDA. We’ll see a change probably in having combinations approved. But I think we have a very solid foundation with a very well tolerated PI, best in class PI, once a day combinable with other drugs. There is very limited limitation. It’s a low dose. And we have shown very strong efficacy data in Phase II and now Phase III of all enrolled. So I think we are in a strong position to partner. We have our own internal compounds which we are doing combination studies with that also. We look for combinations with external partners. And the future will tell.
Dominic Caruso: Sure, Derrick. Thanks for the question. So Louise talked about the fact that we re-launched some products this quarter, and we acquired the rights for some Digestive Health products. So generally speaking, the growth is attributed about half to each. Okay? So about half of the growth came from the re-launch of some products, and half from the year-over-year comparison because of the new products we acquired in the Digestive Health space. As far as our progress, we continue to make progress with the consent decree requirements. We have actually met all of the milestones that we’re required to meet at the end of each quarter so far. We look forward to discussing with the FDA our progress in the near future. And we still are moving forward with completing all the remediation efforts. And as I said in previous discussions, it’s just difficult to predict the speed and ramp at which the products can leave the plant until we complete the steps required and get the review and approvals required under the consent decrees. But overall we’re making good progress and I’m pleased to say that some products have come back to the market already and more are planned in the month ahead and obviously throughout 2013.
Dominic Caruso: Yeah, sure, Danielle. Thanks for the question. Well as we have said before, the – our priority on capital allocation are first, you know, generate significant cash flows, which we do. And then use those cash flows appropriately, and we generally view the use of the cash flow to towards the dividend as the first priority. And with respect to that, I know others in med tech have increased their dividend significantly, but you probably know that med tech companies generally have been low dividend payers and pharma and consumer companies have been higher dividend payers. So just to give you some perspective on that, our blended competitive set, so if you took a company that had the same kinds of businesses as J&J has based on revenues, the competitive set blended dividend payout ratio is around 34%, and for Johnson & Johnson, our dividend payout ratio is 45%. So we’re already at a healthy dividend payout ratio compared to our competitive set. We then want to use the remaining cash that we generate to build our businesses, and we will look for value-creating opportunities to do that. Synthes is a good example of that. And then of course, as we’ve done in the past, we would then allocate any remaining capital back to shareholders in the form of share repurchases as we’ve done in the past, but we do view that as the third priority. So that’s the way we think about it, and I think the reference to the med tech sector is a good one, but of course our business competes in three sectors. So I think – just make sure you take a look at that when you compare our dividend payout ratio to those of others that we compete with.
Dominic Caruso: Sure. Well, Danielle, I don’t think that this particular quarter there’s much impact of Synthes synergies. We just began the integration process. We’re going to do that over some period of time. Our priority will be first, you know, no disruption to our customers, and then of course, as we move forward with the integration, we will take appropriate actions to create the synergies that are available to us. But in this quarter, no contribution really from that particular acquisition. I think just good cost management, and as I said in my comments, operating – pre-tax operating margins can vary from year to year and quarter to quarter depending on stages of development in the R&D cycle, launches of products, milestone payments in R&D collaborations, etcetera. So we’ll certainly give you a good indication of what you can expect for 2013 when we meet then.
Dominic Caruso: No, I mean, you’re continuing to get pushback on it, but that’s a continuing trend. Okay?Glen Novarro – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you.
Dominic Caruso: Okay. Matt, good question. One thing I’ll say about pharma R&D investment is it as you probably know at the higher end of the industry range for R&D investment. You know, obviously when I’m talking about a medians or above the median. The more successful companies do invest more in R&D, and from my perspective as a CFO, if our internal development and the licensing strategy that the pharmaceutical team continues to do well with continues into the future, we’re happy to be spending above-industry norms for R&D investment because that is, unlike many of our competitors, this is a very capital efficient way of developing the pharma business, right? Rather than a large capital infusion in the business. We’re talking about a continual level of R&D investment that has proven, as Paul has pointed out, to have a success rate that is above the industry norm. So I think that that should continue, and we’ve been the beneficiaries of it so far, and I think as long as we continue to see that as worthwhile investment and a strategy that will continue into the future, we should continue to see it be above industry norms. As far as the overall operating margins for the second sector, I’m not going to comment on specific operating margins overall for one sector, because as you know, and we have talked about this many times, we manage the business of Johnson & Johnson holistically, and we make decisions across each business depending on the needs and the opportunities of each business. So we’ll provide more color commentary on the overall operating margins when we next meet in January.
Dominic Caruso: Sure. On the Synthes integration, it’s early. We closed the deal in mid-June, as I said, our first priority is no disruption to customers. But the updates that we’re getting tell us that things are moving along just fine. We’re integrating obviously the spine businesses, because they’re the two businesses that we had that were similar. So that’s where the bulk of the integration is occurring. And so far so good. We’re going to take this carefully. We’re going to be measured in the way we do this so that there’s very little disruption if any, and we’re confident that’s the right way to do it for the long term. The leaders are intact. We’re very pleased to have the Synthes leadership team join Johnson & Johnson, and as you all know, Michelle Orzinger, the previous CEO of Synthes now leads our entire combined orthopedics business. And on November 1st, you’ll get to hear more from Michelle and I’m sure he’ll give you some more color commentary on the how the accretion is going but so far we’re pleased
Dominic Caruso: Sure. Thanks, Louise. And I also want to take a moment to thank Paul and Joaquin for joining us this morning and giving us an update on the exciting development in the pharmaceutical pipeline and in our pharmaceutical business. I look forward to speaking to you again on November 1st at our MD&D business review, and then again in January, early mid January when we review our fourth quarter and full-year results. So thank you for your time this morning and have a great day
Joaquin Duato: For us, Matt, as I described in Western Europe, we are having a very positive evolution in the first half of the year. We had double-digit growth, and we are leading the industry in growth. And it’s based on the strength of our launched new products in particular, INCIVO, Zytiga, and Sepion, which is the name that INVEGA SUSTENNA has outside of the U.S. Having said that, we continue to see headwinds in most of the European countries and particularly Southern Europe, but also in Central Europe. The headwinds are in different areas. We see continued pressure on price on one side, and at the same time, we see stricter guidelines in the use of generics too, and also we see in many different countries HTA agencies coming up which are going to make access more complex and difficult. Overall, a complex situation, very fluid, and our view is that we have to take a long-term view on that. We are pleased with our results to date, and we are confident that our portfolio is the right one for this market environment
Joaquin Duato: Thanks. It’s a very good question. It’s certainly for us to tell you what is going to be the strategy with SIMPONI, particularly with regards to REMICADE. REMICADE, it’s a great option for patients. Physicians are very satisfied with the use of REMICADE. Today REMICADE, as I mentioned, has about 75% of the U.S. infusible market, so that reflects how satisfied physicians are with REMICADE. At the same time, we do believe that SIMPONI IV, it’s going to offer some advantages, like the reduced infusion time. And when you are looking at the clinical data, it’s going be a very strong clinical data package that we’re going to be able to present. So we are confident that we’re going to have a great option there. Now, how they are going to be positioned vis-à-vis each other, it’s certainly for us to speculate. We are pleased that we’re going to have two options, that’s what I can tell you.
Joaquin Duato: And just to confirm, I said it’s half the infectious disease worldwide operational growth that contributed. Okay? Next question, please.
Joaquin Duato: Thanks for the question. Let me start with ZYTIGA. So ZYTIGA as I said before, it’s been the most successful global oral oncology launch ever. It’s really transformed the post-chemo patients. When ZYTIGA was launched, 40% of the post-chemo patients were treated, now 75% of the post-chemo patients are treated. That’s the reflection of the positive benefit that it has for the patients and the very positive efficient experience so far. All our service indicate very high satisfaction with Zytiga by physicians and patients. As I said before, we have had a strong demand trends through October, and certainly we have seen the launch of Extendi there it’s very early on. Some of you have shown some data, IMS prescription data for the first four weeks, and it’s still very preliminary. What that data shows is that it is 10% below launch align Zytiga. Our service indicate that most of the use of Extendi it’s been used in patients that have progressed from Zytiga. So I think that that makes sense. And at the end of the day, it’s good for patients to have more options in these circumstances. We feel very confident of the trajectory that Zytiga is having. We also feel very good about the coverage and patients programs that Zytiga has. And I think that’s going to even play out more with the price that Ensaluata might have which is 28% higher than Zytiga. We are very much looking forward to the approval on the pre-chemo population that would significantly expand the eligible patient pool. So we feel good about how Zytiga is tracking and certainly looking forward to that approval. Moving to Xarelto, Xarelto has the broadest indication profile of the new oral anticoagulants, and it’s the fastest growing new oral anticoagulant. As I commented, it has overtaken Pradaxa in new to brand sales in patients in all novel new to brand patients in atrial fibrillation. It has also overtaken Pradaxa in new to brand share in cardiology, and it’s approaching Warfarin in that context. As a matter of fact, our attitudes and usage survey of September shows that Xarelto is the preferred brand by cardiologists ahead of Pradaxa and Warfarin. In other categories like in orthopods, it has garnered very strong acceptance, so we feel again very confident on the trajectory of Xarelto. Obviously we are awaiting two important decisions from the FDA. One is in deep vein thrombosis in pulmonary embolism but we are looking forward to the decision in November. And then in March in ACS. So with all that and supported by the strong access that Xarelto has, as I mentioned, 90% both in commercial and in life, 70% of that is preferred. We think that we are going to have a very good 2013 and on and that we are confident that Xarelto is going to perform good in the face of the competition. Again, I think it’s important that it’s going to be the one with the broadest indication profile. Orals, I think we discussed it before. Look, we need to see how the label for the orals play out on one side, and also we need to see how the risk benefit profile of the orals also comes to fruition when it’s used in the practice. It’s an interesting market. We recognize that, and as a matter of fact, we have done the deal as we described before. We believe that at this point, the anti nifs will remain the standard of therapy.
Paul Stoffels: Okay. Thank you. The first, we’re pretty constant in canagliflozin and first the basics. If you look at the cancer, there was no evidence of any clinical meaningful imbalance in the incidence of cancer including breast and bladder in clinical trials with canagliflozin. I think we are pretty confident from that side that we have a safe compound. The urinary tract infections, if you look at our studies then, there was also in the pooled analysis is the incidence of UDI was a placebo for 100 milligrams 5.9, for 300 milligram 4.3. No real dose-related increase, and it’s known for this type of compound. And typically these products are all managed with OTC medication. So from a long-term safety perspective, we, as you know, we are doing the CANVAS study with a first part of the data which went to the FDA. We’ll have a second interim analyst in 2013, and then later on, when the study is finished, it’s an event driven trial, so we’ll see when the study will be finished. But we are pretty confident that in those data, the support is there for a filing and an approval. The data show – we think the data shows solid cardiovascular safety in the balance between the LDL increase if you look at the overall ratios LDL, HDL, sorry, they were absolutely okay. If you look at the combine that with the blood pressure decrease, the reduction in triglycerides, the weight loss, and the improved glycemic control, we think that the balance between efficacy and safety is very solid for canagliflozin. On 435, with 435 we have a best-in-class protease inhibitor, which we are – which we’ll submit in the first half of next year. Drugs are developed one by one, so the first indication will be in the combination with interferon and ribavirin. We are doing additional early studies on testing the combination with 7977 from Gilead as well as with NS5a from BMS. And in addition to that, we have our internal drugs, which we are developing for our combination. I think as you – I think it’s now absolutely clear that it’s going to go to interferon-free regimens. The task will be combining safe and effective drugs together to make sure that we have the efficacy and the safety. And as I said, drugs will be developed one by one. You have to show the efficacy and the safety of each of the drugs. And we’ll participate significantly in that field.
Paul Stoffels: Yeah, let me address your question on first of all with SIMPONI, Celerra, and REMICADE. I think we have a leading franchise, and we are continuing to work with antibodies on new mechanism of actions here with ALV-3, L-6 we have additional new products coming there. At the same time, we are having a significant research activity internally on getting oral immunological agents. And while we didn’t have an advanced JAK, that’s why we made the deal on getting also a JAK inhibitor in our pipeline. It’s a selective JAK 3, and we think it has the potential to in preclinical showing safety and selectivity, so have a significant differentiation with the existing product. It’s also a once-a -day product which we think compares favorably with the Pfizer compound twice a day, and this field is still to play out about selectivity, and we have to learn about the longer term safety and efficacy of these products. So we continue to bet on the two ways: It’s the antibody space for new targets as well as the oral active agents. And Joaquin, if you can answer on the biosimilars.
Paul Stoffels: I was going to address the question, Jamie, about the patients that are coming to therapy in Europe. So the patients that are coming to therapy come from two sources: One, patients that have advanced liver disease, and the other one, patients that have failed previous therapies. So that contributed to have an initial bolus of patients that was conducive to the strong start that we had in INCIVO in Europe. Are we seeing warehousing? Not at this point. I mean, at this point what we are seeing is what I would call a reduced urgency to treat based on the fact that this initial bonus of patients has already been treated. But we are not seeing warehousing at this point. As I described in my presentation, we had some seasonality patterns, and now we are starting to see a pickup in September and in October that we think is going to continue
Rajeev Jashnani – UBS: Hello. My question was on canagliflozin also and following up on the response to a previous question, I was wondering if you can talk about cardiovascular safety and a little bit more detail given the LDL signal. It seems possible the FDA could look fairly closely at the interim look from the canvass trial or perhaps a composite of the CV data across the Phase III. Maybe you could talk about that and whether that data might actually show a cardiovascular benefit. And if not, just from a regulatory perspective, would it make sense to approve a drug at this time without showing that cardiovascular benefit? Thanks.
Rajeev Jashnani – UBS: Okay. I did have a couple of other form of follow-ups if I could. One on SIMPONI IV, I was wondering if you would comment on whether there might be any proactive switch strategy with REMICADE that the company could take on and also with respect to ZYTIGA and the rollout of chemo naive, I think you gave a sense for what the market opportunity may be there relative to chemo experience, maybe to talk a little bit about what the existing use of ZYTIGA is in chemo naive patients, and maybe some of the constraints that will get lifted from a payer perspective once you have formal approval. Thanks.
Rajeev Jashnani – UBS: Oh, it’s with respect to SIMPONI and the IV formulation and whether there might be a strategy to switch patients from REMICADE I guess both in sort of on a global basis.
