Dominic Caruso: Well, I think both companies believe these markets are attractive outside the U.S., and we saw some positive trends in certain markets that we thought we would like to have total control of. Of course, Merck, obviously, is doing well in other markets around the world. And I think, it was just really a settlement or an agreement between the 2 parties as to ratably divide the business and see where we can, together, make both REMICADE and SIMPONI grow optimally.
Dominic Caruso: Well, I would say that anytime you do such a transition that there may be some disruption, but our plan is to make this as seamless as possible. And we've gotten the assurances of our partners at Merck that they will, obviously, cooperate with us and ensure that this is seamless and minimize any disruption.
Dominic Caruso: Well, the increase of $0.06, just to be clear, from $0.06 to $0.12, that additional $0.06 is, in fact, related to the Consent Decree in 2 main buckets: One is the shipments from the facilities will be slowed, if you will, or slow down as we implement the quality procedures and the reviews that the Consent Decree now requires. And in addition, we have also -- we will also embark on additional remediation efforts. So that doubles the initial estimate that we has made for that impact.
Dominic Caruso: Well, as Louise mentioned, we expect to begin launching the products towards the back half of the year, but the majority of the products will be launched in 2012. And obviously, we'll spend in accordance with those launches.
Dominic Caruso: Well, as I've said many times, and I think everyone on the phone has probably -- or in the call has probably heard me say this. We're very pleased to be able to generate very strong cash flows as a business. And we have a 48-year track record of increasing our dividend to shareholders, so we do consider that as a priority in the use of our free cash flows. Then our priority is to grow the business to enhance the ability for us to continue to generate strong cash flows and returns to shareholders over long periods of time, so we would like to invest our excess cash as much as possible in building the business. And then lastly, of course, if that doesn't seem to be a reasonable way to use the cash, then we would always consider additional returns to shareholders as we have done in the past.
Dominic Caruso: Sure. Well, with operating leverage, as you know, when we provided guidance earlier in the year for 2011, we did describe that we thought our overall margin would decrease year-over-year -- net operating margin would decrease year-over-year. We still expect that to be the case, although we're off to a very good start, of course, in the first quarter. But the gross profit line will be impacted further throughout the year for a couple of reasons: One, we'll incorporate the Crucell business, and we'll go ahead and incur those additional remediation costs that I talked about earlier. And of course, we want to continue to invest in our business, especially the new territories that we're getting back from Merck, do I'd expect to see increased investment throughout the remainder of the year. And our pipeline remains strong, so we have every reason to invest in the pipeline. So our guidance reflects an increased level of investment throughout the year despite the strong start for the year. We think that's a great way to manage the business for the long term. With respect to your comments on pricing pressure, I think Louise was referring to the fact that pricing net of mix in orthopedics is still negative year-over-year, but sequentially from the fourth quarter to the first, that negative price net of mix got a little better. So Louise, I don't know if you want to clarify it any further.
Dominic Caruso: Right. And with respect to the other surgical business, I think, our Ethicon Endo business is a good barometer, for example. Right? They're widely used in many surgeries. And as Louise pointed out, when we exclude the impact of the Breast Care divestiture, the operational growth in the business is 5%. So that's returning -- it's not exactly at the levels we saw prerecession, but we are seeing some sequential improvement in volumes. When we looked at, for example, hospital admissions and other elective surgery trends, they still are below prerecession levels. But when you compare them year-over-year to prior quarters, as we compare year-over-year, the negative trend is becoming less, if you know what I mean. So the trend is getting better quarter-over-quarter, but it's still negative year-over-year, Mike.
Dominic Caruso: That's right. Comparable, with some trends starting to show some year-over-year less negative trending. And as I pointed out in my comments, the quarter, for example, for the Medical Device business is in fact a very tough comparison, because this market decline that we saw, actually happened, as you remember, in the back half of 2010. The first quarter of 2010 was still very strong. So we have not seen a decline as you pointed out.
Dominic Caruso: Yes. Well, like I said earlier, with respect to any transition, there's always some impact to the business whenever you make a transition that seems to be the right thing to do for the long-term health of the business. We believe it is the right decision to make, but I wouldn't be surprised if there was some potential impact. It's very difficult to quantify that, as you could imagine. With respect to NEVO, we have no further comments to share with you with NEVO. We're disappointed about the delay in the NEVO development program. We're still evaluating the situation, but we have no further comments to share at this point.
Dominic Caruso: Right, Larry. We're very conservative with respect to new product launches in our forecasting. We can't predict the timing of these things. I think they're all moving along through the FDA process, but as we normally do, we don't include much of anything in our forecast related to FDA approvals that are required before launching products.
Dominic Caruso: We've -- as you know, we've submitted for approval of our own catheter system in the U.S., and we are waiting to get that approval. We're working through the comments that we received from the FDA in the awarding letter, and once those are resolved, then we'll be able to use our on catheter. So it does assume that we'll be able to have that available for us at the back end of the year.
Dominic Caruso: Okay, sure. Well, just to summarize the guidance with respect to currency and operational, the $0.10 change in guidance, $0.08 is due to currency and $0.02 is due to operational matters. You are correct in some of the items you mentioned. For example, Crucell will be $0.03 to $0.05 dilutive for the remainder of the year, although we did have this gain in the first quarter. So the dilutive impact will be less than what we previously had expected, so it'll basically wash out the gain that we had in the first quarter. You did pick up on the $0.06 for additional remediation cost. When you commented about the Merck agreement, I think all of you have written extensively on the agreement, and I think you have it pretty, pretty right that on a long-term basis, it's in the sort of $0.10, $0.11 range. But remember, this year it's half a year, and this year we have transitional items. And of course, as I mentioned, we're going to want to spend against this benefit to make sure we can grow the business. So I think the impact to Merck will be minimal -- Merck agreement will be minimal this year. But in summary, $0.08 due to currency and $0.02, netting out all the things that we just talked about, including our good start to the year. And then with LEVAQUIN, we did see some stocking. Louise, I don't know if you have any other comments on that.
Dominic Caruso: Yes. David, as you know, we're not in the practice of giving any guidance beyond the current year, because we want to evaluate the plans that each of our 250 operating companies have throughout the world to grow their business the best way they can. So I think all of you have kind of estimated the impact of just the Merck settlement and, I think, appropriately. But whether or not that impacts our 2012 and beyond guidance is still something we'll have to determine once we see all of the plans. And, look, we have a strong pipeline, and we'd love to continue to invest in the pipeline. I think you've seen the fruits of these investments from the past, bearing fruit now. So were very pleased what our R&D folks have been able to do. So I'm sure we'll take that into consideration when we review our plans for '12 and beyond.
Dominic Caruso: Well, I guess, in terms of growth, this is a tough comparison, because many of the issues manifested themselves throughout the balance of 2010, after the first quarter. So obviously, on a growth basis, this is a very tough quarter, tougher than the other quarter that we'll see throughout 2011. We did see some sequential improvement in from Consumer from fourth quarter to first quarter excluding the McNeil issues, again, and the plant shutdowns, et cetera. So we are seeing some stronger market uptake in some of the products. And Louise mentioned that the Skin Care business was particularly down due to some manufacturing upgrades, at NEUTROGENA in particular, and those will be completed in the second quarter. So obviously, we won't see that drag for the remainder of the year. So we're hopeful that Consumer business will improve throughout the balance of the year.
Dominic Caruso: Well, let me take that, David. Louise is referring to select markets throughout the world. So for example, in our MD&D business, we've invested pretty heavily in certain emerging markets, and her reference was related to select markets throughout the world.
Dominic Caruso: Right. Well, you're right. We had developed a comprehensive action plan, along with the FDA, for restoring the McNeil manufacturing and quality systems, remediating them, including by the way, the transfer of the products from the McNeil Fort Washington facility over to other manufacturing facilities throughout the Johnson & Johnson network. So the products will come back to the market before the Fort Washington facility is reopened, right, because they will be shipped from other manufacturing facilities. I tried to quantify the incremental impact of this additional $0.06, and so the way to think about this, the initial $0.06 drag on earnings has to do with what I mentioned earlier. The difference between the CAP, or the Comprehensive Action Plan, and the Consent Decree has mostly to do with the presence of a third party in the manufacturing plants sampling the product qualities, checking the processes, et cetera. And therefore, that causes a bit of a delay in the level of shipments. And then working along with the third party to implement the Comprehensive Action Plan and report back to the FDA along the way. So that slows down sales, requires some additional investment. We had previously estimated $0.06 per share drag to implement the Comprehensive Action Plan, and now we expect that it's about $0.12 per share hit to implement both the Comprehensive Action Plan and the additional requirements in the Consent Decree.
Dominic Caruso: Yes, I'd say, generally speaking, the business is stronger outside the U.S. Just by way of reference, the BRIC markets, they grew in the first quarter for us. Our sales in the BRIC markets were up about 14% in the first quarter of 2011. They were up about 12% in the first quarter of 2010. So stronger growth in Brazil, Russia, India and China. And then selected markets, our selected businesses, for example, the Baby business is stronger outside the U.S., et cetera. So I say, generally speaking, the mix of the business is shifting more towards x U.S., so we're now about 53% x U.S. and 47% U.S.
Dominic Caruso: Yes. I don't want to exaggerate on this, because they're still below prerecession levels, but we do see the decline year-over-year, when we look at a first quarter comparison to a first quarter comparison. That decline is just less of a decline than we saw in the fourth quarter or the third quarter when we did the same comparison. So things are starting to improve but it's not over yet, of course.
Dominic Caruso: Yes. Well, we don't -- Rajeev, we don't provide any guidance with respect to margin on any sector of the business. But, obviously, the margins overall in that business are impacted by the -- less sales of some higher margin products in the OTC business. The overall margins for the Consumer business, pretax operating margins in 2010, were 16% as we disclosed at year end. That was down from 18% in 2009. And the main reason for that is the OTC impacts that we've been discussing. Other than the OTC impacts, I think that margins still remain healthy and at comparable levels to other years in that business.
Dominic Caruso: Yes, well, Derrick, I'm not going to comment on anything related to the Synthese discussions that they've made in the market. I would say though -- look, we're the largest med tech business in the world, so obviously we believe that having a broad base of med tech businesses of scale is important. We are usually the preferred choice amongst various hospitals or -- and even more importantly, with governments around the world, in terms of discussing the impact we could have on healthcare. So having a broader base of businesses across all of our businesses, whether it be Pharma, Consumer or MD&D, is a strategy we've employed for many years. I don't think that, that's changed any. I think that, that's -- it's important to be a major player. We think we already are a major player. And obviously, where we don't have sufficient scale, we'd love to increase the scale over time in the appropriate manner.
Dominic Caruso: Right. Well, just to summarize, the $0.06 isn't only additional remediation cost, it's an impact of lower sales, lower shipments due to, primarily, the impact of the Consent Decree. But also, it will have some delay in getting some products back to the market.
Dominic Caruso: Yes, we still see that overall for the business, year-over-year across the world, our business would see a negative impact to margins of 50 to 100 basis points due solely to price.
Dominic Caruso: Yes. Ben, again, we don't provide comments on each individual line item. But look, we're very pleased with the productivity of our R&D folks around the world. And in fact, this quarter, look at our Pharmaceutical sales. I mean, we have very strong growth of over 6% operational, and this is the result of launching these new products that the R&D team has either developed internally or, obviously, licensed from others. And so we are -- when we improve our operating margins, we generally don't focus on reducing R&D to improve our operating margins. We like to spend in R&D. Our folks are very productive. We have one of the most robust pipelines in the pharmaceutical industry, and we're very pleased with that, and we want to keep that up. I can't give you any specifics on how much R&D spend we're going to have as a percent of sales, but just suffice it to say that we're pleased in the level of productivity we have in our R&D organization.
Dominic Caruso: Sure. Thanks, Louise. And thanks, everyone, for tuning in today.  And in closing, let me just say we're very pleased to see top line sales growth again for the enterprise. And we see further opportunity for growth as the global economy stabilizes and our new products, robust pipelines and our core businesses continue to addressing the critical, unmet healthcare needs of patients and consumers.  I remain confident in our prospects for the year thanks to the dedication, focus and integrity of the people at Johnson & Johnson, and I look forward to seeing you at our Pharmaceutical business review day on May 26. And we also look forward to updating you on our progress throughout the year. Thanks for your time this morning, and have a wonderful day.
Louise Mehrotra: Sure. So in the U.S., the just pure price in the orthopedics group, total DePuy is about flat, fourth quarter versus the first quarter. And then when you go in and look at hips and knees in the U.S., we actually have seen a slight less negative combination.
Louise Mehrotra: Mike, on a sequential basis, in the U.S., the hips are actually up 4%, and the knees are up 1%. So the knee market is still soft in the U.S., but on a sequential basis, you are seeing it in a positive trend rate.
Louise Mehrotra: Sure. So the LEVAQUIN was up 16.9%, and if you excluded the stocking, it would be up about 10%. And that was the only product that we saw a major shift in stocking.
Louise Mehrotra: Okay. So the anomaly on the selling week actually relates to 2009, where we had a 53rd week. The 2010 did not have that phenomenon.
Louise Mehrotra: Sure. So on an operational basis, spine in the U.S. is down 1%; o U.S. is up 6% for a worldwide number of 1%. And again, if you looked at it on a sequential basis, o U.S. would be up about 3%. And the U.S. is flat.
Louise Mehrotra: So trauma is up 6% on an operational basis worldwide, as well U.S. and o U.S. So similar results in all the markets. As well for spine pricing, on a price basis, U.S., it's mid-single digits negative, and it's slightly better because there's slightly positive mix in the first quarter.
Louise Mehrotra: Yes. So the negative price only in the U.S. is less than 5%. It's in the 3% range. And then mix was positive about 1%.
Louise Mehrotra: So this relates to the Fort Washington products, and yes, it is later than what we had said in fourth quarter.
Michael Weinstein: Right. And I think we recognize the comparison is still tough in the first quarter, but that's probably -- I think, at least, certainly on the knees side, below the Street's expectations. So any commentary you have about the environment for DePuy would be appreciated. And if you could also maybe just compare that to the performance that you saw in your other surgical businesses for Ethicon, Ethicon Endo.
Michael Weinstein: So your view, Dominic -- I don't want to put words in your mouth -- is that looking at the aggregate of your numbers here then, we didn't see a step down this quarter, that this relatively comparable in your view to what we saw in the fourth quarter.
Michael Weinstein: Okay, certainly. And let me just ask on Cordis. You made the decision this quarter to consolidate your U.S. coronary and peripheral vascular sales forces. It looks like it might have had some impact this quarter on the business. Can you share with us your thoughts on that? And then any update you can provide on these, that would be great. Thanks.
Matthew Miksic: So I wanted to follow up just one -- couple of quick bookkeeping kind of questions here on the product lines within DePuy. I think Bob asked about spine. I was wondering about trauma. And if you could comment on what you're seeing in spine pricing similar to what you've given us on hip and knee pricing? And then I have just a couple of quick questions.
Matthew Miksic: And just to be clear, I think you had said mid-single last quarter, and when we pushed you for the actual number -- I don't know if you're comfortable giving a number on the call, but it was slightly less than say, 5%.
Matthew Miksic: Perfect. And I wanted to ask, this Consent Decree with McNeil and the FDA, you had already been engaged pretty, obviously, heavily in your action plan to restore McNeil to production. Incrementally, how should we think about the difference between the level of resources and focus and spend before the Consent Decree and after? Maybe if you could give us some perspective, and then I have one follow-up.
Matthew Miksic: Okay. And then one follow-up on Europe. By our estimates anyway, o U.S. seemed to be a little stronger, U.S. maybe just slightly weaker than expected. Color on strength overseas, was this -- was it in Europe? Was it in emerging markets? Was it just that U.S. was more comp-related and Europe wasn't? Any color you could give would be great.
Matthew Miksic: And the sequential U.S. improvement, you've given a lot of information on it this quarter. I mean, is the signal -- it sounds like the point you're trying make is prior-year comps -- the difference in weeks in selling made it difficult, but sequentially it feels like things were, kind of, maybe stabilizing and improving from a utilization standpoint.
