Joe Wolk: Good morning. This is Joe Wolk, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Johnson & Johnson. Thank you for joining us today to discuss our company's first quarter 2022 financial results and full year 2022 outlook. While many things have changed in the world since our last call, much has stayed the same for Johnson & Johnson. We continue to deliver reliable growth and generate meaningful free cash flow, enabling us to invest and advance our pipeline, increase our dividend for the 60th consecutive year and continued to make a positive impact across the landscape of health care. It is, however, important to take a few moments to recognize the current events that are impacting the world we're living in. Today, while we're all still managing through the global pandemic, as evidenced by the current surge of cases in China, we also acknowledge the increasing hardship brought on by the war in Ukraine. We remain focused on the safety of our employees and their families. Guided by our credo and grounded in our purpose, our hearts are with all those affected by these crises and hope for a rapid resolution to both. Now, I'd like to turn the program over to Jessica Moore, Vice President, Investor Relations, to take you through our Q1 results.
Joe Wolk: Yes. So Larry, I'll start, and then I'll turn it over to Ashley for some thoughts specific on Medical Devices. But before I answer, Larry, I do want to compliment you and your team for the foreign exchange report that you guys issued back, I think it was on April 13. That was just -- it's a tough topic to really grasp. And you guys did a fantastic job in assessing what it meant for the medical device industry. It was really a fantastic report. So well done. With respect to cash, as you heard us in January, we are reaching our lowest levels of net debt. And we remain very active. You could talk to Thibaut, Jennifer and Ashley, with respect to ideas that they are bringing forth. We continue to have the same principles that we've had historically. We want to make sure there's a strategic fit. And by that, I simply mean we've got capabilities. We've got scientific expertise. Perhaps it's just our scale that adds more value to that asset than where it currently resides. And then we want to make sure that we compensate risk -- compensate shareholders for the risk that we're bearing on their behalf when we do so. I would not get overly locked into size. Johnson & Johnson, quite frankly, have been built through a number of smaller acquisitions, and really the outliers are these larger acquisitions. But we look at really the strategic merit and then the financial value creation and don't get locked in to saying something is too small or too big with respect to adding to our already dynamic internal portfolio and pipeline. Ashley, I don't know if you want to...
Joe Wolk: Yes, good morning, Joanne. Thanks for the question. With respect to operating margins overall, which is really, I think, at the heart of your question, in the front -- the first quarter, I should say, we do tend to adopt a little bit more of an aggressive approach to advertising and promotion and hopes of getting the full year benefit of that promotion to the topline lift throughout the year. And I would say on R&D, it's also a little bit front-end loaded this year, simply from the standpoint of the progression of our pharmaceutical pipeline, as well as digital robotic surgery. So in pharmaceuticals, think about nipocalimab, our RSV vaccine, those had very nice progression. Teclistamab may be moving a little bit faster than we anticipated, as well as being able to launch Carvykti. There was a healthy amount of inflation built into our P&L in the January guidance. What I think our teams have seen in the -- let's say, the first four months of this year is an uptick in that inflationary impact of about 10% or 15%. So still very manageable. Again, as you heard in some of the prepared remarks, we anticipate that that inflationary pressure as well as commodity scarcity will subside a little bit in the second quarter and then hopefully more pronounced in the second half of this year. If it doesn't, it's certainly something that will keep our attention. And we have the resources to adjust accordingly to make sure that we not only meet the needs of long-term value creation, but also meet short-term performance expectations. So we all think it's very manageable at this point in time, but it's something that we're not taking for granted. We're being very active with cost initiative programs. As we look to separate the two companies, we are looking at ways to streamline technology, processes, things that will lead to leverage on the P&L.
Joe Wolk: I'm going to check the transcript on that, Josh, just to be sure. But listen, I think what you would hear, as Joaquin was sitting here, is that he supports all the businesses with respect to innovation. We realize that our calling card is innovation, and we're going to have growth across all of our franchises when we have products that matter that are differentiated, that are beyond the current standard of care and meeting consumer needs as well. I actually want to credit Ashley and her team for the way they've managed their P&L. They've been conscious about moving more of their investment into R&D. You saw a record number of 20 plus new product launches last year that are considered meaningful. We're going to be very close to probably a very similar number this year. And so that portfolio has taken very much the same approach that I would say Pharmaceuticals did almost a decade ago when the focus is very well understood and where we want to play because we've got a strategic or competitive advantage will be capitalized upon. I don't know, Ashley, if you want to add anything more, but I think that certainly, there is continued support, but a lot of the credit goes to Ashley and her team in terms of managing their levels of investment throughout the P&L.
Joe Wolk: I would maybe underscore too is that gives us the confidence to go out and add in inorganic opportunities when the opportunity presents itself using the criteria of strategic fit as well as financial value creation. So a stronger internal pipeline that gets hopefully success out in the acquisition markets.
Joe Wolk: Great. Thanks, Jess. And as Jess alluded to, we certainly do appreciate your questions and the chance to interact with you. I'd like to remind everybody as we close that we do have the opportunity to engage with shareholders at next week's annual meeting on April 28. Also be on the lookout for an update on our commitments to ESG. On June 8, we will be issuing our Health for Humanity Report, which is an in-depth review on the progress we are making on our 2025 goals. Thank you for your time and your interest in Johnson & Johnson. Have a great day.
Ashley McEvoy: Yes. No, Larry, maybe before I get to M&A, just kind of some macro thoughts on MedTech in the quarter. I'm pleased with the results of the quarter. We saw positive signs of the market recovery. Clearly, while COVID has not disappeared, health systems around the world are becoming increasingly more resistant with each passing wave. And as we know, the world is -- is a lot more equipped to manage the pandemic, and quite frankly, so is Johnson & Johnson. So encouraged to see in quarter one that we continue to maintain our path to above-market performance. We referenced that this is kind of a growth at scale, if you will, 11, $1 billion platforms, really most of them growing or maintaining share. And we saw robust sales growth across all four of our franchises in all four of our regions. Some standout, encouraging to see both vision surgery and Vision Care, both double-digit performance and growing market share, really fueled by innovation in ACUVUE and TECNIS. We are the world leader in electrophysiology, still a category that has significant under penetration. We've had 11 consecutive years of double-digit performance and really significantly enhanced our share gain. We're the world leader in biosurgery. The business was up almost 10%, really driven by a clinically differentiated portfolio. And then finally, and enthusiastically, I say we had strong performance in joints really by penetrating some new sites of care like ASCs, both with hips and knees. So when I look forward, I'm encouraged by the organic agenda that we see in innovation, like with the likes of the FDA approval on ACUVUE Theravision, the first drug-eluting contact lens. As Joe mentioned earlier, around really shoring up high-growth segments in knees with ATTUNE fixed bearing, and then really with CERENOVUS the launch of EmboGad, the balloon catheter. So continue to advance robotics and digital surgery. You'll hear us talk about MONARCH 14,000 cases with a big pipeline of new indications, and then VELYS completing over 2,000 cases. So when I think about the future of M&A, Larry, we're going to continue to do tuck-ins and to really digitize the patient experience. You heard us talk about CUPTIMIZE as an example around really adding a precise delivery to hit navigation to improve outcomes. You're going to see us continue to penetrate fast-growing segments like what we have in neurovascular, as an example, 90% of our capital deployment has been to $1 billion or more, but we do intend to make sure that we are well positioned to be in the highest growth end state markets.
Ashley McEvoy: Yeah, sure, Chris. So first, we have, I would say, a very strong and healthy business in China. We're the world – we are number one in MedTech in China. We have a very diversified portfolio from surgery to orthopedics to interventional as well as vision. We did experience an impact probably in the March time frame due to the recent surge of the viruses happening and the lockdowns, particularly in Shanghai and now other regions. We do anticipate that to continue in April and through the month of May. But like we've seen, I think China might come down a bit faster, but it comes back faster, too. We have very strong leadership there, and there are a lot of patients that need care. I'll turn it to Jennifer maybe to talk about your second question.
Ashley McEvoy: Thanks, Joe. I mean, Josh, I would say that we are investing at a competitive level, and I'm really pleased with the state of execution. We are – we have, in our pipeline right now, 27, $100 million-plus eNPV projects. That number three years ago was six. So they continue to focus the pipeline on medium to higher growth segments and really execute and we're off to a good start in 2022.
Ashley McEvoy: Thanks, Matt for the question. And it's April 2022, we're still talking about this, so just huge acknowledgment for our health care workers who are still battling through this. But I would tell you, EMEA really bounced back nicely in quarter one. It was pretty broad-based within EMEA. I would say, Asia with the exception of China recently also bounced back, and then US really gained momentum. I always look at two data points in the US as an example. I look at like, how were diagnostic procedures performing in the US and then how are surgical procedures performing. And probably at our trough when Omicron was hitting in the US in January, we had about flat diagnostic procedures, and we were looking at surgical procedures down near double digit, down 10%. Encouragingly, as we exited March, we started to see diagnostic procedures tick up to high single digit and start to see a flattening of surgical procedures. I expect in the month of April in the US to see it go north of 2019 levels, really driven by cardio cardiac ablation, bariatrics and colorectal surgery.
Ashley McEvoy: Well, thank you, Danielle. Appreciate the question and hope you are well. We -- in US, the ASCs, I think, are -- it's still relatively low penetration, I would tell, from a macro US, less than 20%, but I think it's the fastest growing as we know. In a COVID environment, we've seen the model evolve to create a safe, more patient-friendly experience that addresses a patient sentiment of not wanting to go into a hospital setting. Certain procedures have gone there early sooner than later. I'd say hips or migraine and knees, less spine per se, less complicated. Obviously, trauma case is still happening in the hospital setting. We've done a lot of work recently to modify our business model to make it a capital-efficient flow, if you will, in inventory management, on the personalization of care using digital assets to kind of your pre-op and your post-op experience less full of friction. And we're taking a lot of experience in the US ASCs to really what we're doing in China in the Tier 2 and the Tier 3 cities as well as we deliver care. So I'm optimistic that this channel will continue to evolve. I do think that we think we start competitiveness there, and we're making sure that we really have a sustainable business model going forward. Thank you.
Jennifer Taubert: Great. Thanks a lot. Hi, Chris and hello, everybody. A few comments on the Pharmaceutical business, and then I'll get to the question on IMBRUVICA. First, for our pharm business, I was really proud that we delivered $12.9 billion in worldwide sales. We're definitely above-market adjusted operational growth of 9.3%. And this is our sixth quarter where we achieved worldwide sales exceeding $12 billion. And as I look across the globe, the growth was really broadly based across our portfolio in the regions, with particularly strong growth in EMEA, Asia Pac and Latin America. During the course of the quarter, we really continued to maximize the value of our key brands, so strong double-digit growth across six of them, including DARZALEX, ERLEADA, TREMFYA, INVEGA SUSTENNA, [Privado] (ph) and EDURANT. And we also had a number of important milestones, the first being the FDA approval of Carvykti, which is our first cell therapy for patients with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma. The teclistamab filing in the EU was mentioned. The FDA approved expanded label indications for CABENUVA to be administered every two months for the treatment of HIV in virologically suppressed adults and adolescents. And we presented great new data on TREMFYA in our approved indications of psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis, as well as from our Phase II studies, where we're evaluating the product in Crohn's Disease and also in UC. So if we take a look at IMBRUVICA more specifically, IMBRUVICA sales did decline for the quarter, 3.9%, and this really was a US story. Outside the US, our sales actually grew 4.5%. In the US, performance was impacted by both competitive factors with a number of new competitors in the market as well as market softness. We haven't seen that market fully rebound to the pre-COVID levels yet. As we take a look at IMBRUVICA, IMBRUVICA has really changed the standard of care for adults with CLL and other B-cell malignancies. And it is the only BTKI that’s demonstrated overall survival and a high rate of progression-free survival at five years with up to eight years of safety follow-up. So, we remain really confident in the efficacy and safety profile of the product. It's the market share leader and continues to be the most comprehensively studied and prescribed BTKI with over 250,000 patients worldwide. So we continue to work to develop the asset. We do see further growth opportunities through the introduction of new indications and new combination therapies, as we take a look at IMBRUVICA plus venetoclax that we're working to develop and we filed in the EU. We're also taking a look at first line [ph] and CL and really trying to bring that forward. So I think you can anticipate there will continue to be strong competition in that market. We continue to believe in and invest in IMBRUVICA.
Jennifer Taubert: Sure. Thanks for the question. So let me start off with STELARA. So STELARA sales were $2.29 billion in the first quarter, and that was 9% growth. And we continue to see a lot of strength in STELARA. Ex-US, the product had nearly 18% growth. In the US, what we saw was growth around 3.6%. And what this really was due to, we saw an impact in the US due to the Omicron variant and the impact that it actually had on staffing resources that particularly impacted a number of areas where you had more resource-intensive delivery of care, and GI offices was definitely one. As we take a look at Crohn's Disease and Ulcerative Colitis, our share positions remain strong and with very strong positive momentum. We actually gained over five share points in CD and six share points in ulcerative colitis. So really strong growth and momentum. And with -- in psoriasis, as anticipated with TREMFYA and a very strong growth in psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis, we expected the STELARA sales there to start tailing off, and that's in line with our expectations. So we continue to have a very strong positive outlook for STELARA going through the rest of the year in CD and in Crohn's -- excuse me, Crohn's and ulcerative colitis, where we've really been realizing the growth. And likewise, when you take a look at TREMFYA, we saw 44.5% growth in psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis in the quarter. So together, really, really nice performance there. Question on XARELTO. So XARELTO in the US, we did see sales decline. That was largely driven by a net unfavorable prior period adjustment. And most of this has actually been a positive adjustment that took place in 2021. So when you do the comparable, it was negative. And so that was really due to the vast majority of that. With Xarelto, we continue to see nice share gains and growth at a prescription level across the indications, whether we're talking about CAD and PAD, really the newest indication set, but also across AFib and VTE. And so it really was around the net unfavorable PPA and a little bit of channel mix as well with some of the mix shifting into 340B and Medicaid in some of the lower-priced channels.
Jennifer Taubert: Thanks for the question. So we're real proud about our approval and our launch to-date on CARVYKTI. What I can say is that it is going well and it is on track with our expectations. We're real pleased. As you know, this is a customized therapy where the supply chain is literally built around each patient. We've got about a four week to five week period that goes from the collection of the cells, the processing and manufacturing and the return shipment of the final product and then ultimately the infusion back in to the patient at the treatment center. As we have mentioned before we really are taking a thoughtful and a phased approach to scaling this launch, to ensure a predictable and a reliable experience for the patients and for the treatment centers. We really tried to learn from the other launches in the market in this area. And so far, we're off to a really good start there and have been very pleased with the feedback that we're getting back from our customers. So we have activated our initial round of treatment centers. And we did this based on folks who were very well-experienced from our clinical trials and also very broadly dispersed throughout the US and help ensure patient access. We're working through all of the orders and the slots that we have and actually have product now that's been shipped back -- has been manufactured and shipped back to the patients for infusion into the patients. So we're going to continue in a planned and thoughtful responsible approach to this scaling, both in the United States as well as we do -- as we scale outside the US and throughout the world as well. Now we discussed before around lentivirus. Because there is an industry-wide shortage of lentivirus, that is something that we are also working and investing in to scale all of our internal capabilities to be able to meet the demand, both now in our initial launches in the relapsed/refractory setting as well as our ultimate goal to be able to move into first-line setting here. And so we would have an internal control on that as well. So hope this answers your question.
Jennifer Taubert: Just to reference our 10-K, we do provide the breakout of R&D by segment on an annual basis for reference.
Jennifer Taubert: Yeah. So I understand Terry's comment really was around the US and what we're seeing in terms of COVID. So as we exited last year, really in the December time frame and entered this year into really January and February, we did see the Omicron variant impact the US business. And what we saw there really, as already mentioned before, we did see staffing shortages because so many people got sick. People weren't able to go into work. And so in a higher – more intensive resource settings in some of the markets, we did see slowdown in terms of delayed visits and new patient starts. What we are seeing now is we're looking towards the end of March and in early April, we're seeing nice recovery there. And so this really, hopefully was something really just at the end of last year and the beginning of this year, and it does look to be more specific to the US than to any of the other markets.
Jennifer Taubert: So thanks for the opportunity to talk about our multiple myeloma portfolio in response to your question. So as we take a look at the myeloma market despite the advances to date in therapies, there is still so much unmet need there, given the underlying heterogeneity of the disease. And so it's really important that there are treatment choices. And what we're really trying to do is to have a strong portfolio of highly effected -- highly effective treatments and actually ultimately shoot for a cure. And so as we take a look at the market with DARZALEX -- in DARZALEX FASPRO right now, we're really seeing this as a foundational therapy multiple myeloma. And so irrespective of others and LOE and those types of things, you noted, it's a lot of combination therapy and things like that. That does not fundamentally change the opportunity for DARZALEX and FASPRO. What I'm also really excited about is then you add in CARVYKTI that was recently approved, as we mentioned, for triple refractory multiple myeloma. And we really think that this will ultimately become a preferred treatment for patients with relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma. We also mentioned teclistamab in the filing of teclistamab. And this really is the first-ever BCMA CD3 specific. And we think that this is going to be a great off-the-shelf option and for patients who really are triple-class exposed and who are really not eligible for CARVYKTI or don't have access. And then in the future, we're not stopping there. We're also working on Talquetamab, and this would be the first and potentially best-in-class GPRC5D bispecific that we think could be potentially sequenced combined to help transform outcomes. And so as we take a look at our portfolio, we really think that these assets are additive and complementary versus something where they would be cannibalizing each other. And we really think that these are the important advances that are going to really help transform multiple myeloma in the future and going forward versus any of the older therapies.
