Jennifer Taubert: Well, thank you, Joe, and hello everyone. It's a pleasure to be here with you today. I'd like to start by thanking my Janssen colleagues around the world for their relentless focus on delivering for patients. As a result, I'm proud to share that our Pharmaceutical sector had another strong quarter of above-market growth.  As you heard from Chris, our Pharmaceuticals business delivered $12.6 billion in worldwide sales in the second quarter, with adjusted operational growth of approximately 14%. Our base business, excluding the COVID-19 vaccine, demonstrated robust growth at 12.6%. This is our third consecutive quarter with sales exceeding $12 billion, and our growth was broadly based across geographic regions and our therapeutic area.  We continue to maximize the value of our industry-leading portfolio, delivering double-digit growth for 9 key brands, including our oncology medicines, DARZALEX, IMBRUVICA, and ERLEADA, our immunology medicines, TREMFYA and STELARA, our pulmonary hypertension medicines, OPSUMIT and UPTRAVI, and INVEGA SUSTENNA and TRINZA in our neuroscience portfolio.  Our leading commercial and market access capabilities enabled increased market penetration and share gains across our key promoted brands. And as we shared in our transparency report this year, our growth continues to come from volume gains and not price.  This is a strong indication that our life-changing medicines are reaching more patients each day worldwide. It's important to note, we continue to be a trough investor in research and development. This investment fuels our pipeline and builds the foundation for our long-term growth.  During the second quarter, we continued to deliver on our pipeline of transformational medicines. I'll highlight just a few of the key milestones and achievements. First, in May, the FDA approved amivantamab now known as RYBREVANT. This is the first by-specific antibody approved for the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer, characterized by EGFR exon 20 insertion mutations.  This is our first approved treatment for lung cancer, which we hope will be an important area for us going forward. This is our second NME approval of this year. PONVORY, or ponesimod, was our first 2021 NME approval, and this was by the FDA in March, for the treatment of adults with relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis. In the second quarter, it was also approved by the European Commission and Health Canada.  We also advanced our BCMA CAR-T cell therapy program, Cilta-Cel, for patients with multiple myeloma. In the second quarter, the U.S. FDA granted our BCMA CAR-T priority review. A marketing authorization was filed with the European Medicines Agency, and submission was made to the Brazilian Health Regulatory Agency.  We anticipate FDA approval of Cilta-Cel as our third NME approval later this year. In addition, our subcutaneous form of DARZALEX continues to benefit an increasing number of patients. In the second quarter, the European Commission approved DARZALEX for 2 additional patient populations; as combination therapy for the treatment of adults with newly diagnosed systemic light chain amyloidosis, which is the first and only approved therapy for this rare and life-threatening blood disorder; and as combination therapy for adults with pretreated multiple myeloma.  Additionally, subsequent to the quarter, the FDA -approved DARZALEX FASPRO in combination with pomalidomide and dexamethasone for the treatment of patients with multiple myeloma after first or subsequent relapse, our sixth indication specific to our subcutaneous form of DARZALEX. I'm proud of our Pharmaceutical results in the second quarter and feel confident in our ability to make 2021 our tenth consecutive year of above-market growth.  Our outlook for the rest of the year remains strong. Before I close, I'd like to invite you to join us for our Pharmaceuticals business review on November 18. We look forward to sharing a comprehensive overview of our business, our robust pipeline, and our long-term growth outlook.  We'll cover our key therapeutic areas, including oncology and immunology, which are always areas of high interest, and we'll delve deeper into some of our newer areas, including our retina and gene therapy pipeline, and the details behind the breadth of our auto antibody program that came through our acquisition of MOMENTA last year.  I hope you'll be able to join us. So again, it's a pleasure to have this opportunity to connect with you today. Thibaut, I will now turn it over to you.
Jennifer Taubert: I can add in. On the Pharma side, most of our core categories are pretty much back to the pre-COVID level, the exception on that actually being CLL. But we're really seeing strength coming back, for example, in the United States and in Europe. And we do anticipate some modest ups and downs, but I think our team really did an extraordinary job last year of partnering with healthcare systems, and physicians, and patients to make sure that they could get on and stay on the therapies that they need. So our outlook for the rest of the year really remains strong for our sector, regardless of what happens with emerging variants and any continued blips as it relates to COVID.
Jennifer Taubert: What I'd add in, we really focused on being a transformational medical innovator and we know that we do disproportionately invest in R&D versus the other areas of our business. If you take a look at the strength of our pipeline as well as the continued progression, we are seeing more assets transitioning into those later stages of development that require additional costs. And as Joe had indicated earlier, the beauty right now of the strength that we have for the business is it's allowing us to invest for those future waves of innovation. We feel real good about the level of investment for R&D in the Pharm group.
Jennifer Taubert: Perfect. So then, as it relates to DARZALEX, starting off with DARZALEX, we saw the very strong results that we had in the quarter. Also, the significance of the additional indications that continue to come through, and our 6th indication specifically for the DARZALEX FASPRO application. As we take a look so far across the business, already 60% of our DARZALEX business is in the subcutaneous form, and that's whether we look at the United States or whether we look outside the U.S. And so very, very rapid adoption as well as expanded into additional patient populations for DARZALEX. We're very, very confident in the uptake and this is really providing significant benefits from patients going from multiple-hour infusions down to a 3-5 minute injection. A lot of good things to come on DARZALEX. As it relates to IMBRUVICA, we're seeing very strong growth for IMBRUVICA outside the United States. Right now, a 22% growth in the quarter. As we take a look at IMBRUVICA overall, we had double-digit growth, but obviously less than that in the U.S.. In the U.S., we're still a bit impacted. The patient volumes and new patients starts are still down a little bit and CLL due to COVID. For these patient populations there can be more of a watchful waiting period or sometimes treatment with older therapies. And so we did see a slower growth rate, particularly in the U.S. in the quarter. but we do anticipate that to rebound as we move forward and more people get vaccinated. As it relates to the competitive dynamics, IMBRUVICA remains a number 1 prescribed treatment in CLL, and Relapsed/Refractory MCL, and also Waldenstrom. It's a number one BTKI wherever they are prescribed. It's also the only agent that's got demonstrated overall survival in first-line CLL, and a safety profile that's supported by over 5 years of follow-up in clinical experience. We believe we've got a great profile that stands up competitively with IMBRUVICA and will continue to be able to deliver great growth for us going forward.
Jennifer Taubert: One of the things that helps us be really successful here is that we're truly agnostic to the source of innovation. So the win is having something that's really transformational and being able to get it to patients. It' not where it originated from. And so as a result, about 50% of our products come internally, 50% externally. So for example, late last year, we brought in [Indiscernible] we made the acquisition of MOMENTA, we brought in TARIS as a drug delivery device for bladder, a gene therapy for geographic atrophy and age-related macular degeneration from Hemera. And so we really do work very, very assertively to find the best technologies in our key areas of focus. And many times that's coming from our internal labs. Many times it's also coming externally. Our strategy and interest there remains the same and making sure that we've got the best innovation for patients going forward. I feel like we're doing a really good job on that front.
Jennifer Taubert: I'll jump in on the vaccine question first. Really, we're really proud of what we've been able to do in bringing forward a COVID vaccine. And we see this as, really, the start of what will become a vibrant vaccine business for Johnson & Johnson. You were talking about the halo effect or a knock-on effect. We believe the good that we're doing in the world, and that we will continue to be doing on the COVID vaccine, is a great start. And in our pipeline right now, we've got a number of vaccines in development that we hope to have positive results coming from, including an RSV vaccine, an HIV vaccine, one for prevention of sepsis and others that we're looking at. We hope this to be a start of what will become a very vibrant vaccine business for us over time.
Ashley McEvoy: Thank you. Thank you, Thibaut, and good morning. Thanks for joining. Let me just begin with across JNJ, how privileged we feel to work in healthcare because we recognize that what we do matters, especially now. We're united by our purpose to profoundly change the trajectory of Health for Humanity and we're propelled by our MedTech aspiration to re-imagine the future of health today, in three ways. One is innovating across the continuum of patient care, two is prioritizing and modernizing health, and three is promoting health equity and wellness.  We continue to see strong evidence that our focus and actions to impact human health and improve our competitiveness is working. This quarter, MedTech delivered sales of $7 billion, representing adjusted operational growth of 59% versus 2020 and, as Chris mentioned, up 7% versus 2019, bringing our first half of 2021 revenue performance to just over 5% compared to 2019. Our sales reflect market recovery and our positive competitive momentum.  Eight of our $11 billion MedTech platforms grew versus the second quarter 2019. And quarter one '21 share trends show, that we have maintained or gained share in ten of these platforms. We have an exciting pipeline, and we've achieved some truly amazing results in the first half of this year which position us well to continue our growth momentum. We've launched 17 major products in the first half of 2021. This is the highest number of first-half of the year launches in 5 years for our business. These include products which will strengthen our core like TECNIS SYNERGY, our most advanced premier intraocular lens in surgical vision; and the ENSEAL X1 Curved Tissue Sealer, a next-generation advanced energy solution in our surgery franchise. We continue to focus on significant global health concerns, including myopia management, where we plan to have a portfolio of solutions for patients. And we are progressing all things digital with solutions covering the entire paradigm of care, including open and laparoscopic procedures, orthopedics, and illuminal, interventional and vision. Our Monarch platform achieved a significant milestone reaching over 100 customers and enabling over 8000 bronchoscopies, which is life-changing, and potentially life-saving, in the detection and treatment of lung cancer. VELYS, our robotic assisted solution for total knee procedures, launched in the United States and received regulatory approval in Australia this month. We're extremely pleased with the early customer engagement and feedback confirming the differentiation of this next-generation solution. And Ottava, our soft tissue digital surgery offering, continues to progress its key development milestones. We also recognize that the digitization of healthcare is happening and rapidly accelerating technology like this, making it possible to deliver new ways of care. An example of this is from our innovative team in China to develop the virtual solution powered by artificial intelligence and machine learning to more effectively train and expand the number of highly skilled electrophysiologists and provide broader access to high-quality care. Learning curves went from novice to experts from a year to 4 months. In the first 4 months of launch, 150 newly trained physicians delivered care to 7500 patients. It's no surprise our Electrophysiology business in China is so strong. And we continue to leverage science to influence industry trends and positively impact patient outcomes and human health. Just this month, the UK modified their NICE guidelines to recommend the use of PLUS SUTURES as a standard of care, giving the evidence supporting their role in reducing surgical site infections and are necessary cost to the healthcare system. Regarding the pandemic, we are seeing light at the end of COVID-19 tunnel, but this remains, as we all know, a very fluid situation. The pace of continued recovery will depend on multiple factors, including the speed at which global populations are vaccinated, healthcare capacity, and the ability to manage through surges, as well as the rate at which patients seek treatment. In closing, and I'd like to emphasize that our strong quarter 2 results and continuing momentum can be attributed to our purpose-driven, globally diverse team, which embody a winning spirit every day. Their resilience, agility, and creativity have taken us to the next level in our business, build stronger relationships with our customers and patients, and defined a clear vision of our future. Thank you. And I look forward to your questions.
Ashley McEvoy: Yeah, Louise. I would say -- listen, we're encouraged by, quite frankly, several things. How -- the ability that hospitals can manage through capacity in surges and labor, as well as, obviously, the vaccination efforts around the world. And just the patient, there's a significant backlog of care. If I look at the UK, my goodness, there's like 5,000,000 patients waiting for medical interventions, 400,000 of those folks waiting for surgery for the past 12 months. But as we know, it's not going to be linear. We do know hospital systems in the United States are starting to delay care right now. I think quarter-to-quarter, it will improve, but it will never be a linear line.
Ashley McEvoy: Sure. Thanks for the question, Larry. I think what you heard is, in quarter 2 we were up about 7% relative to 2019, and that was pretty broad based. I'd say 3 out of 4 of our franchises posted growth versus 2019. Orthopedics was down about a point. We were up in the United States about a point. Down about 3 points in orthopedics in OUS in quarter 2, really due to some of the slower moving countries like Japan and India in opening up in COVID. When I think about quarter 3 and quarter 4, I do expect continued momentum. You'll recall last year, we were down about 3% in quarter 3 versus 2019, and we were down about 1.5% in quarter 4 2020 versus '19. I do expect continued progress. I expect Orthopedics to go positive. I expect Vision to accelerate, given a lot of the new product launches. As we've discussed, we think the category is going to be high double-digit. We expect to be more in the high single-digit at the end of this year versus 2019.
Ashley McEvoy: Yeah. And Bob, just to -- again, thanks for the question. Again, we've had the benefit to learn from how this virus manifests around the world, starting with China. Asia is a region that is above 2019 in terms of procedure volume, clearly really driven by China. We've seen that Japan 's in lockdown. We know that Australia went back to lockdowns recently. We know India is digging out. So some of those other countries are going to be slower to recover. EMEA, we've been -- which has been at a slower pace than the United States. We actually see a lot of acceleration happening right now in EMEA, with the vast distribution and uptake of vaccinations and quite frankly, the backlog of patients that really need to be cared for. As I mentioned, I share a little bit of the waiting list data in the U.K.. And then U.S. in quarter 2 has had significant recovery versus the first quarter. I look at data like in January, we were down. Medical procedures were down about 6% in January versus 2019. And in May that went positive to up about 3%. But as I mentioned, it's going to be not a vertical line, given the recent surges that are happening in hospital systems in the U.S., like Florida, like Michigan in the midwest. So, again, I think our systems are unbelievably equipped to manage through this. I have huge respect and admiration for a lot of our customers who are managing COVID as well as non-COVID patients.
Ashley McEvoy: Yeah, Matt. I think -- thank you for the question. I would tell you that what we've experienced is maybe some bookends like our Electrophysiology business, our AFib, treating cardiac ablation has recovered very expeditiously. And that team right now is just really working on refilling the patient funnel. At the other bookend, I would say would be cataract surgeries, which are -- procedure volumes are still below 2019. We would expect that one to significantly accelerate on a balance to go. So it really depends by procedure. They really are meeting the bell curve, if you will. And again, as I kind of come back to what's going to affect the pace. It's really the pace of vaccinations, pace at hospitals being able to match the capacity and keep a highly engaged, healthy workforce and manage through some of the surges that we're seeing right now in the U.S. and other pockets of the world. And then just really patients sentiment. There's been a lot of investment that JNJ has been doing to reassure patients to go seek medical care. And I think we've seen a lot of the facts, and data, and publications on the impact on non-COVID patients who haven't seek ed care. So we expect that to continue. We don't expect, again, a perfect linear line. I keep saying that because we learn every week, we take four steps forward and maybe a step back. Thank you.
Ashley McEvoy: Sure. We've seen really strong performance of the TECNIS Synergy in EMEA. We are growing market share in EMEA in vision surgery and that market's had a lot of available premium intraocular lenses. We're pleased to bring that technology to the United States. We just launched in quarter 2, there's been very good pickup. It's also complemented, as Chris was mentioning, with our first innovation in the phacoemulsifier, the VERITAS. So the combination of those 2 with really our first advancement in Monofocals and the TECNIS Eyhance, which just launched earlier in quarter 1, the combination of those 3 innovations, I expect should improve our current run rate of revenue performance in the U.S. Surgical Vision. And as you heard in quarter 2, we did grow revenue versus 2019 in OUS. And so I expect that that should get -- have the U.S. start to pick up more in the back half of the year.
Ashley McEvoy: Thanks, Joanne. I'll start and then I'll turn to my colleagues to talk a bit about M&A and some of the other businesses as well. I would say we were very encouraged. We've had about 750 on-hand demonstrations with our VELYS knee digital surgery offering. We've done about 100 cases to date. What we keep hearing from customers who have been giving us really positive feedback on a couple of things.  The value of the system, smaller footprint, the image's interoperative capabilities, and really the ease of integration for surgeons and OR teams, the workflows, reducing the heavy physical and financial burdens of the currently available marketplace offering. It's new. We just got approval also in Australia, so we're going to start to do cases in Australia. And I would say very, very encouraging. We have several different commercial models that were assessing and we're seeing hospitals take really multiple archetypes, so stay tuned on that. And then I think you had a second question, Joanne, on M&A. And I would just say for MedTech point of view. You're seeing, we've invested over $10 billion of capital in M&A, really behind getting into iHealth. Getting more significant into digital surgery. And then really starting to invest in, I'll call it standard of care changing technology. It's like new ways in ablation. For liver ablation was the first indication. Right now we are under clinical trial to partner that technology with our endoluminal Monarch technology for lung cancer, the treatment of tumors -- bleeding tumor cells. We're also in first-in-human in oncolytic viruses and drug delivery using Monarch. As well as starting to get a stronger foothold in the fast-growing area of stroke. Our stroke business was up over 30% in quarter 2 relative to 2019. Again, a procedure that was less affected in the COVID environment that we continue to build down to. But I'll turn to my colleagues to talk a little bit about M&A.
Joseph Wolk: I'd also add, Louise, that I think we've got to really tip our cap to the healthcare administrators, health professionals across the globe. We're in a much better position to handle a pandemic than we were of March of last year. And so, certainly, that would have, I would say, a favorable impact on whatever unfavorable events may occur. We really need to recognize just the great resiliency and agility that those individuals have shown as well.
Joseph Wolk: Yeah. And Larry, with respect to your question on guidance overall, I think I'd almost have to mirror a little bit what Ashley had said, the comparables were going to be most pronounced for the second quarter. There will be a little bit of benefit as we look into the third and fourth quarter. As you know, we don't provide guidance by quarter. But I really looking at the underlying strength of each of our businesses, improved share in the markets in which we lead and for those that which we don't lead. In addition to the -- what you heard from all 3 of our segment leaders, just an improved cadence of innovation; new approvals, new offerings that offer better healthcare solutions. That's how we're thinking about it. From an EPS perspective, we are challenging our teams to continue to invest. We think when we have 10% top-line growth, and EPS growth, that will approach 20%. We think that's very healthy to take it up today on top of what we delivered in January, which surprised to the upside as well. We want to make sure that we don't only deliver strong results in the current quarter or the next 2 quarters, but really in the middle and back half of this decade as well. We think we're very well-positioned to do that.
Joseph Wolk: Yes. Chris, let me take a stab at that and maybe, Jennifer, you can chime in with anything that I might have missed. But with respect to the revenue guidance, Chris, I would say, coming into the year, just like every other Company and probably every other industry, we remained a little bit cautious with respect to how the recovery would unfold; would there be new variants? And so we took a, what I thought was a very responsible and prudent approach to our expectations at the beginning of the year. That being said, I don't want to undermine just the operational performance that each of the teams are executing upon as we go throughout this year. What we did learn, and it really is a credit to the leaders that you've heard from today and their teams, just how important it is reaching out to customers during the last 18 months, not only to find out what the status of COVID-19 was and how it was impacting the businesses, but also how Johnson & Johnson could help them in the recovery. And I think that is having some, I'll call it a goodwill factor, with respect to how we're approaching our business today. With respect to operating margins in R&D, I would say that the COVID investment for the vaccine specifically is a small part of it. What we're seeing, and really what we all take great pride in is there's not one big outlying expense item or investment item in the quarter or even year-to-date with respect to milestones. It's really just the maturity of the portfolio, again, across all three segments that really positions us well. Last year, you might recall we increased our R&D investment by $800 million above 2019 levels. Even with all the questions and uncertainty, and even though maybe competitors pulled back a little bit, we know the only right answer was to invest for the long term. We're actually at a pace this year through 6 months, about $1.3 billion above last year's level on a 6 month comparator. So we feel very well-positioned. And again, with how I answered Larry earlier on the EPS accretion, we think we're hitting the mark across all aspects. I don't know, Jennifer, if there's anything else you want to add.
Joseph Wolk: And just so nobody has a takeaway we're only investing in pharmaceuticals, we're investing in digital surgery capabilities that Ashley mentioned, we're investing in the consumer space, connecting with the consumer in more digital enabled ways. So it's really across the board.
Joseph Wolk: Yeah. Josh, I would say at this point, it's really a minimal, in terms of both the segment, as well as, certainly Johnson & Johnson 's margin profile. Thus far through 6 months, it's been dilutive, again, to a minimal amount. We expect that dilution to reverse itself in the second half of this year. But again, being a not-for-profit, there's no material impact on EPS despite the 2.5 billion revenue estimate that we've provided earlier today.
Joseph Wolk: Yes. Terrence, thanks for the questions. I would say in terms of the booster, whether it's needed or not, I think we should really defer to health officials around the world as to what that call will be. We do like the durability of at least 8 months. For our vaccine, we think that's better than some of the other vaccines that are out there, not to disparage them in any manner whatsoever, but health official still have not made any type of decisions on when or if a booster will be needed, so we'll just defer to them when more data is collected.
Joseph Wolk: And Terrence, with respect to your question on the 2-dose study for the vaccine, we would expect that data to be late Q3, early Q4 at this point.
Joseph Wolk: And, Joanne, I'll just say you're going to force me to review the transcripts in maybe more detail than I usually do. I didn't think our language changed much. We always remain pretty aggressive when it comes to rigorous portfolio management; making sure that we're making the most of the scientific expertise, the commercial capabilities that we have, and we just got to find deals that really fit the financial construct in a disciplined way. Whether it's in MedTech, Pharmaceuticals, or Consumer, we look across the board really monthly, if not more often, at opportunities that may fit nicely within the Johnson & Johnson business.
Joseph Wolk: Great. Thank you, Chris. And thank you really, everyone for joining today's call to discuss our second quarter results and updated outlook. We are incredibly proud of the relentless focus each of our JNJ colleagues apply to really meet patient and consumer needs around the globe, resulting in a strong financial performance this quarter across the enterprise while simultaneously investing for a very strong future. I'm very confident in our outlook for the rest of 2021. Our business is performing even beyond the mathematical year-on-year comps. And hopefully, that's your takeaway today. Thank you for your time and bye for now.
Thibaut Mongon: Now, we see strong momentum across our broad-based portfolio as I told you earlier this morning, Our categories will continue to be impacted by market level conditions, seasonality. Having said that, we have proven, over the past 18 months, is that our broad-based portfolio, in terms of both categories and geographies, allowed us to weather whatever external conditions happen. And we expect continued momentum into the back half of the year.
Thibaut Mongon: And in Consumer Health, I would say that we have a very strong portfolio of iconic brands that we continue to develop very quickly. Mostly, we continuously scan the market for opportunities to find either new go-to-market models or close gaps in our portfolio. But if you look at the acquisitions we have made over the past couple of years, we are really pleased with their performance. All of them, whether it's in self-care or skin health, are performing well. And that's very encouraging for the future.
Thibaut Mongon: Yeah. And to your question on consumer. As I said, we have seen the first half, and we continue to expect into the back half of the year pressure in part of our Portfolio in terms of commodity inflation and distribution costs. We are prepared to absorb those. And in terms of margin improvements, we are committed to continuously improve our margin profile. But as I said, it's going to be a mix of continuing search for efficiencies, but also investment in our business, whether it's brand-building activities or new innovation program.
