Joaquin Duato: We are confident that we have our readiness plan for our biosimilar launch in the U.S. What we have seen internationally in markets like Australia, Brazil where we market REMICADE is that our volume share has been in excess of 90%. So that is consistent with what you described. We are confident that we have a strong plan based on what Dominic described before, there's been 2.6 million patients treated with REMICADE worldwide, there is no interchangeability and there is a clear patient and physician preference. So it's highly unlikely that you're going to be seeing patients that are stable in REMICADE to switch it. So that is 70% of the patients. At the same time, we have a strong patient assistance program which will prove to be a market differentiator and we are ready to compete in every channel trying to bring patients the most affordable option in every situation. So we feel well-prepared to face the biosimilar, and as Dominic said, we are convinced that we will continue to grow our business in the face of biosimilar competition.
Joaquin Duato: INVOKANA remains the leading SGLT2, as I have described in the conference call, and to talk about CANVAS and CANVAS-R and the cardiovascular benefit, I'm going to pass the question to Bill.
Joaquin Duato: I described part of the reasons for optimism during my conversation before. We not only feel that we are going to be able to grow in the face of biosimilars in the pharmaceutical business overall, but we also are confident that we're going to be able to grow our immunology franchise in the face of biosimilars. Let me give you some examples of why going into the three segments, rheumatology, psoriasis and gastroenterology. In rheumatology, SIMPONI and SIMPONI ARIA are doing very well. As a matter of fact, SIMPONI ARIA is already leading in new-to-brand share in rheumatology in the U.S., and SIMPONI is gaining share in all international markets. We plan to file two line extensions of SIMPONI ARIA in ankylosing spondylitis and in psoriatic arthritis by 2017, and also we just filed sirukumab with EMEA and we plan to file it here in the U.S. before the end of the year. So that gives us a strong confidence that we're going to continue to grow in rheumatology. Then moving into psoriasis, STELARA continues to be the leading in new-to-brand share in the U.S. and it's leading in most markets internationally. Together with that, we plan to file Guselkumab that we have presented very impressive data at the last EADV. We plan to file Guselkumab before the end of the year. So that's another reason why we feel real confident that we will continue to grow in psoriasis. And finally gastroenterology, which by the way for us is the largest and fastest-growing segment, we just had the approval of STELARA in Crohn's disease and we are now launching it in the U.S. and we anticipate to be launching it in Europe pretty soon. So that is another reason which we believe that we are going to be able to continue to grow in immunology. So overall, we have line extensions, we have continuous penetration and also we have the filing of sirukumab and Guselkumab in the second half of the year.
Joaquin Duato: What is important to remember is that our focus is in medical innovation, and therefore our areas in which we'll operate will depend on where science is going and our own internal capabilities on the development on the commercial side. So, from that perspective, we are constantly evaluating in which therapeutic areas we are in and its affluent situation. The focus is in transformational medical innovation and the actual therapeutic areas can change over time.
Joaquin Duato: Our strategy is three-pronged, as I described. The first one is the fact that we believe based on the track record of REMICADE and the lack of interchangeability, it's unlikely that patients are going to switch if they are stable. So that's a very important component for us. The second element is that we plan to compete in all channels, and in planning to compete in all channels, we are going to be utilizing innovative contracting and utilizing the full breadth of our portfolio. And then finally, we plan to utilize market differentiators such as patient assistance programs that are going to enable affordability. So with these three components, we feel confident that we are going to be able to have a very strong plan to face the biosimilar. The second element of that overall is what I just described before, what are the elements that lead us to believe that we'll continue to grow in immunology too, and I described the different line extensions and NMEs that we have in the three areas, rheumatology, gastroenterology and psoriasis. So combined, we feel strongly that we'll be able to continue to grow in immunology and overall the Pharmaceutical business will grow in the face of the biosimilars.
Joaquin Duato: This is already a very competitive market as it is today. As you can imagine, there is already significant competition in the market today, both in the subcu area and in the IV area. So we believe that the level of discounting that is today makes it already a high bar for any new entrant.
Joaquin Duato: Thank you. I mean as you were saying, Dominic, despite of the rhetoric about pharmaceutical pricing, it's always good to take some perspective on that. Pharmaceuticals represent 14% of total expenditures and we understand that we need to work with different stakeholders in order to try to manage our healthcare cost and we have advanced different ideas in that area as you were describing, Dominic, such as value-based contracting, and we need to work there in order to try to eliminate the regulatory barriers that do not help in that area. As far as Proposition 61, as an example of that rhetoric, as Dominic said, there are different groups that oppose that measure that includes even veteran groups and seniors and unions, the reason being it's unclear what the effects of Proposition 61 would be. It is clear that it would be difficult to operationalize and also would create some access barriers to patients. So overall, we don't see Proposition 61 as the right way to try to work on pharmaceutical pricing. We think it's a misguided action.
Joaquin Duato: I think you got it right. All drugs, all medicines face price pressure. This is a particularly competitive market as it is today and we think that the price level is already quite competitive. So I think you characterized the situation quite right. I think the competition is going to move into other discussions such as other market differentiators, but the market is already quite competitive as it is.
Dominic J. Caruso: And Larry, I'm not sure whether Neupogen is a good analog or not. I mean, who knows, right. Obviously, we have Europe, we have a biosimilar in Europe that Merck is responsible for marketing I think there over about a two-year period. Merck has retained about 75% share. So that's one analog. You had a follow-up question you said on Pharma.
Dominic J. Caruso: Sure, Mike. I remember that discussion pretty well. I just want to put it in the context for everyone. So this was a discussion about the success of our Pharmaceutical business, which has largely been driven by collaboration, licensing, co-development, et cetera, and not at all by any major acquisition, right. And the question that I got posed to me was, well, that's been very successful, why would you ever change that or is there any reason to consider a change in that strategy? And my comment was, to the extent we have five major therapeutic areas today, if we decided that another major therapeutic area was of importance to us and we wanted to get into that therapeutic area and we felt we could add a lot to it based on our overall scientific knowledge more broadly, that I would see that perhaps being done not by necessarily a licensing strategy but more of an acquisition type strategy. So it would enhance the overall portfolio of Johnson & Johnson's Pharmaceutical business beyond the current therapeutic areas that we currently are in, and by doing that, that might require a more significant acquisition than we've been doing in the Pharma business. So that's the context for that.
Dominic J. Caruso: Sure. So what we saw, David, is that through published sources, many of which are from firms such as yours and many of the sell-side that publish, we saw actually utilization rates as depicted in hospital admissions and hospital surgical procedures with the first quarter of this year being the highest by far and then a slowdown in the second quarter, a slowdown even below the level at which most estimates were depicting or forecasting. And then the third quarter was even slower than the second quarter overall but with a very marked difference in September. So once September hit, the data showed quite a rebound from the summer months, and the rate of growth in September was actually faster than what we saw in the first quarter, which was the highest growth quarter year-over-year in terms of penetration. Now whether that remains at that level or whether it's a rebound effect from the summer, we'll have to see. But I think this is all well-chronicled in the multiple reports that many of you I'm sure have seen. So overall, I'd say we're now in a stable environment in hospital procedures. Going into 2017, I expressed confidence in our Medical Devices business growing faster, and quite frankly, you know we have a plan for that business to return to growth at above market for the Medical Devices sector and it's continuing to improve. What gives me confidence there is that the area that we focused the most on, the growth platforms and priority platforms, just this quarter they grew at 9%, and within those, three of those in particular, electrophysiology, energy and endocutters, each grew at double-digit growth. So we obviously have very robust growth coming in the priority platforms, which we expect to continue and drive us to above market growth in 2017.
Dominic J. Caruso: Okay, and with regard to profitability, obviously the product like REMICADE is an important product that obviously delivers significant profitability to the Company, but of course we have a number of new launches. We have some that are already launched and are progressing and rapidly growing and their relative cost does not grow at the rate of their sales growth, and overall we have to manage through this period of time when eventually when a biosimilar launches and a patent expires, we'll have to prepare ourselves for that in any event. So we are very well prepared to adjust accordingly, and as you know, our major focus always is to grow our sales at a rate faster than the rate in which our markets grow, so gain share, and then grow our earnings at a rate faster than sales. So that's the level at which we plan for each and every year.
Dominic J. Caruso: We don't see any major restructuring related to the REMICADE situation on the horizon, Glenn, not at all.
Dominic J. Caruso: Matt, as a broadly-based company in human healthcare, we have an equal amount of interest across each of the businesses, and the way we compensate for that is basically looking at an appropriate risk-adjusted return for the particular assets that we're interested in, and that is the same even regardless of size. I mean, obviously size matters for a couple of reasons. One is that the asset may be well understood, the business may be well-penetrated, the premium required for the asset may be excessive, and therefore to generate value for our shareholders would be a challenge, but it doesn't mean we wouldn't try to do that or we wouldn't look for areas where that may in fact be available for us. So that would be across any of the businesses. Within Consumer and Medical Devices in particular, Consumer, just like we have in Pharma, we have specific areas of focus. We have 11 need states. The primary focus for us is growing internationally in emerging markets, so strong brands in emerging markets. A focus on over-the-counter medications and the beauty space particularly in Asia are of interest to us. We just did a recent transaction with Dr.Ci:Labo in Japan where we have an interest in that Asian marketplace and utilizing that brand throughout broader, throughout Asia beyond Japan where it's currently marketed, just as an example of one. In the Medical Devices, as you know we have a very strong presence in orthopaedics and in general surgery. We keep looking for additional bolt-on acquisitions there and we have a very strong electrophysiology business in cardiovascular but there are other areas within cardiovascular that seem attractive in structural heart and other areas, but the valuation would be something we'd always consider. So we'd also be very disciplined about doing a transaction where the valuation seem pretty high, which is what they are today.
Dominic J. Caruso: Okay. Thanks Joe. As I noted earlier, we're very pleased with our overall performance this quarter and we are tracking well through the second half of the year. I would like to thank Joaquin and Bill for their outstanding leadership and for the great presentation they gave this morning about the continued progress we are making in our pharmaceutical business. I would also like to thank all of our colleagues around the world for their extraordinary achievements and dedication to the success of Johnson & Johnson. Thank you for your time today and I look forward to updating you on our full-year results in January. Have a great day.
