Joaquin Duato: Thank you. Thank you for the question. As we commented, our strong financial performance in 2021 is enveloped in a very strong financial profile, giving us the latitude to manage both for the long-term while meeting the short-term expectations of the financial community. As Joe commented, too, we are about to turn from a net debt to a net cash position for the first time in over 4 years. So we'll have to -- we'll have the flexibility to continue to grow our dividend, be bolder in strategic acquisitions and enhance the new J&J position in higher growth markets. And if warranted, we also would consider share repurchase programs. I believe that these priorities position us well for the future. And I think it's important to consider that when we get into 2022, we'll continue to manage the business strategically, one. The separation and the creation of the new consumer company, it's not going to slow us down of any priorities. So we continue to think about how we are going to opportunistically deploy cash for both organic and inorganic initiatives. And in other words, I wanted to make clear that if the right opportunities are there, in medtech and pharmaceuticals, the work stream of the separation won't held us back from forging ahead. When it comes to Pharmaceuticals, as you mentioned, we presented our outlook for the business in our November R&D review. And we explained to you that we were anticipating -- we are anticipating above-market growth rates reaching $60 billion by 2025, growing every single year there. So when we think about those results, it's important to remember that we do not factor there any future acquisitions or collaborations and that we are confident to reach those goals without inorganic activity. That said, one of the pillars of our success has been our agnostic view related to innovation and our desire to lean in for the new Johnson & Johnson for opportunities to build our current portfolio and our current portfolio, both in pharma and medtech remains there, and we need to look for that to enhance our growth profile. In fact, over the past 5 years, our investments in organic R&D and externally sourced innovation have been about equal. We continue to look to opportunities to be able to enhance our pharmaceutical portfolio. And we have been very proficient in identifying opportunities that have a high probability of success very early on as we have done, for example, with Legend. And also, we have been good looking at the post proof-of-concept opportunities like we did with Momenta. In the future, we'll continue to look for all types of opportunities early on post proof-of-concept. And we also will look at other opportunities of large size that we'll have to fulfill higher from a financial perspective, given the higher operational complications that these opportunities may take. But yes, we are constantly looking at M&A as a key source of growth for our business. Our position in cash today makes us been more aggressive in that area, and we'll continue with our focus on taking acquisitions, but not excluding, if the situation is granted, to look at medium-sized also opportunities.
Joaquin Duato: Yes, I would continue building up on Joe's comment that as the Omicron surge resolves, we anticipate that the markets will continue to improve as the year progresses. It is very difficult to predict when Omicron is going to peak, but we are beginning already to see cases decreasing in areas where the surge began like, for example, in the UK, and some regions in the U.S. already nearing peaks. So while COVID-19 may temporarily delay necessary medical and surgical interventions, the vast majority of these procedures cannot be ignored completely. And at the same time, hospitals, as Joe was referring, are getting better dealing with these situations. So while the path is not going to be linear, we expect an improvement as the year starts to go on and the fundamentals of the medtech market remain intact with disease prevalence and the need for surgery and change. So we believe we are optimistic of the value of the market in the long term, and we are optimistic about our medtech business and its ongoing recovery and improvement in the overall competitive position. So when we are facing 2022 on the medtech side, both from a market perspective and also from a Johnson & Johnson perspective, we look at it optimistically. And we think that the situation will clearly improve as Omicron surge resolves and the year progresses.
Joaquin Duato: Thank you, Joe. So overall, as I have commented in our Pharmaceutical Analyst Day and also in the different conferences that I have participated, medtech, it's going to be a key priority for me in my tenure. I see medtech and pharmaceuticals being the core of the new Johnson & Johnson that, as Joe commented, will remain the largest and more diversified healthcare company. So clearly, medtech, it's going to be a key area of focus for us in every aspect. When it comes to medtech and its market performance, I have to highlight that we have seen a very clear ongoing recovery in our medtech performance. We went from 1.5% growth in 2017 to nearly 4% in 2019, and we are ending the year at 4.6%. And when you adjust for the 53rd week, we are in about 5%. So we are clearly improving our performance in the medtech space, driven by some market segments which are really delivering in a very strong way. For example, in interventional, our growth ending the year was 15.3%. Our ambition, our growth in the year was 11%. So we have clearly outstanding performance there. And in most of the platforms that we participate, we are gaining share or maintaining share, improving our position. It's difficult for me to bracket exactly what the growth is going to be and when it's going to happen. But our goal clearly is to make our medtech sector a best-in-class performer. So that's going to be a defining element of my tenure, and we are going to be working towards that. We are going to be improving our commercial execution as we are doing today. We'll continue to invest in our organic pipeline that is delivering. We have had the highest level of innovation in our medtech business in 2021 ever, and our pipeline today has the highest value as measured by net present value that we have ever had. And also, we recognize that we need to do and we need to continue to be active in external innovation in order to be able to participate in markets where growth is occurring that we are not participating today or to build upon adjacencies our existing businesses that are going to further our growth. So as in any business, when it comes to their business allocation, we'll continue to drive our winners, and we'll try to efficiently manage the areas in which we are more challenged. And we'll continue to look for opportunities externally that will complement our portfolio and will enable us to enter into higher growth markets. Overall, our past acquisitions suggest that we have been good in managing smaller deals and tacking deals, and that is our base case. But at the same time, we don't have an artificial ceiling in our deal size. We are always looking for any opportunity that exist in the marketplace. But as I said before, when I was commenting about pharmaceuticals, we do know that larger deals are much harder to make work, both financially and operationally, and they will always have a higher bar. So very important for us and for the new Johnson & Johnson, the focus in our medtech business and how much we are going to prioritize this area of our business.
Joaquin Duato: And when it comes to your question, Chris, about M&A in the medtech business. Our aspiration in medtech is to be the first or the second in the markets that we participate. And if we are in markets that -- if we are not in markets that are growing, also have a path to get there, right? Recently, we have divested some of the businesses like diagnostics, pain, diabetes, where we came to the conclusion that it was difficult to get into this #1, #2 position, and that was better to sell that business in order to create value. So given the recent investment activity, what I want to emphasize and I have alluded at the outset is that my priority now is to be more on the acquisitive side and to be more aggressive on the acquisition side, identifying products that complement our portfolio but play in higher growth markets or market segments that we are today. So that's the change in outlook that you are noticing.
Joaquin Duato: I would add to that, that just we take into consideration some of the headwinds related to pandemic and also macroeconomic headwinds like inflation, and that's something that we take into consideration when we build our guidance. At the same time, we remain very optimistic in multiple fronts. We remain optimistic on the fact that -- as I commented before, when I was talking about medtech, the strong underlying demand for healthcare is there. And there's still lots to do in multiple diseases in order to address suffering and death there. So there's a strong underlying demand for medical care. And at the same time, both in medtech and in biopharmaceuticals, you see significant opportunity for science progress in terms of new treatment modalities that will give us the opportunity to enrich our pipeline and get to more patients. So we are optimistic about the underlying fundamentals of the new Johnson & Johnson. If you combine that with our scale and diversification, that gives us more confidence on being able to provide a consistent, solid volume-based revenue growth in 2022 as we have described and at the same time, being able to have EPS growth which exceeds our revenue growth. All that is underpinned by a strong investment in R&D. It's important to underline what Joe commented before, we had a record year of investment in R&D in 2021 with close to 21% increase. This is not going to be every year like that, but we are really betting on the future and on the underlying fundamentals when we are thinking about 2022 and beyond.
Joaquin Duato: Thank you. So going into medtech, R&D and medtech innovation, let me start by the fact that during 2021, we launched over 20 significant products across each segment of the Medical Device business. Some examples of that, for example, in electrophysiology, we had a limited launch of our QDOT MICRO in Europe. QDOT is a first-in-kind smart micro catheter, which is designed to deliver about 2x to 3x the amount of energy; and at the same time, reduce the total patient exposure and provided exposure to fluoro and reduced total procedure time. And that's helping us in driving our position in electrophysiology. In Orthopedics, we continue our enhancements in orthopedic knees, both with the differentiated next-generation VELYS Robotic-Assisted system. And at the same time, we had the introduction in December of the ATTUNE Cementless fixed bearing base. So these introductions are making us more competitive in the knee space, in the knee arena. In advanced surgery, we have some augmentations to energy to our energy portfolio with our ENSEAL X1 Curved Jaw Tissue Sealer. And in Vision, we introduced our ACUVUE OASYS MULTIFOCAL contact lenses; and in Surgical Vision, our intraocular lenses, TECNIS Eyhance and TECNIS Synergy. So great innovation, which is driving our better performance in market performance. When it comes to our pipeline, there are a number of exciting things coming up, for example, our next-generation diagnostic catheter in electrophysiology and also a potential solution in pulsed field ablation. So all these areas make us believe that we're going to remain extremely competitive in electrophysiology. We continue to prioritize the expansion of our VELYS digital surgery potentially into the hip space and also foot and ankle solutions in orthopedics. And specifically, to your question on digital surgery, that's a very important area for us. We have a bold ambition there, and we are already making progress. The first launch was our MONARCH robotic system. Our MONARCH robotic system, it's enabling in the luminal bronchoscopies. And we have already launched it in the U.S., and it's progressing really well. And we are also studying our MONARCH robotic system to deliver energy and also a payload of pharmaceuticals for being able to do local treatment of early lung cancer lesions. At the same time, we have also submitted a 510(k) expansion of MONARCH for a potential treatment in kidney stones that will give us an expanded market in this area. I commented on our successful launch of our robotic system with VELYS, and we recognize that we will have to continue to be committed to develop in Ottava and entering into the general surgery market with a highly competitive offering, and we are working through that as soon as possible, and we will provide updates as we progress.
Joaquin Duato: As I have commented in the past occasion, Danielle, our preference is clearly both in medtech and in pharma to look for earlier-stage deals or smaller tuck-in deals in which we can deploy our own capabilities in development, manufacturing and commercialization in order to create value. And that's where we have been successful, and we are always trying to look for opportunities in that context in market segments that are going to enable us to enter into higher growth areas or to complement through adjacencies our existing portfolio. So that is the way we have been creating value in a very significant way, both in pharma and in medtech. While our past history always suggest smaller deals, as I said before, we don't have an artificial ceiling as far as far as deal size. It has to be something that has to be workable financially and in terms of value creating for shareholders. And typically larger deals are harder to make work both financial and operationally. So that's where we make it more of an emphasis in areas where we have a higher chance of creating value. We are open to midsized and larger deals, and we have demonstrated that we have done that in the past like we did, for example, with Actelion, but we tend to prefer this small new molecule, new device that we can, as I said before, apply a lot of our scientific technology, regulatory expertise and ultimately create this $1 billion platforms that we have, both in medtech and in pharmaceuticals. So that's our preference. That's our strategy, but we always remain open to investigate any opportunity or possibility that may be out there. It just has a higher bar from a financial and operational perspective.
Joaquin Duato: Chris, and let me take this opportunity also to express how optimistic we are about the future of Pharmaceuticals, and we express in our Pharmaceutical R&D Day that we are very confident of being able to continue to deliver above market growth through the STELARA patent expiration in the U.S. And we are also very confident on the strength that we are showing also in immunology, for example, with TREMFYA, growing 88% and really exceeding expectations. So we are very confident on the potential of TREMFYA, which has exceeded already $2 billion in sales and has gained share both in psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis. So very, very positive about the future of our Pharmaceutical portfolio and also about the strength of STELARA in the immunology market. Regarding the erosion of STELARA, we are going to provide you updates as time goes by. We'll see how things play out with the competitor that it's going to go patent. We'll also learn from our experience with REMICADE, which will be a very good proxy for us and have no doubt, as we approach 2023, we'll be able to provide you a more accurate guidance of what we expect. We -- as I said, we remain optimistic that we'll be able to deliver growth during the STELARA patent expiration every single year. Thank you, Chris. 
Joaquin Duato: Thank you, everyone, and thank you for your comments and questions today in this my first call as CEO of Johnson & Johnson. Every day, as I get into this job, I am reminded of the importance of our mission to continue to work in changing the trajectory of health for humanity. And it's a purpose that energizes everyone at Johnson & Johnson, the 140,000 employees of Johnson & Johnson. We are proud of our performance in 2021 and believe we are extremely well positioned for 2022. We look forward to keep you informed throughout the year. And until then, please be well. Thank you very much.
Joseph Wolk: Yes, Louis, thanks for the question. This is Joe. I would just say, maybe to further elaborate on Joaquin's points, With respect to your question on valuations, it's really hard to say whether there's been a capitulation or a recognition that values have come down. I think we probably need to see a little bit longer period of that. I don't think things are out there necessarily on sale. But I will say that it really just takes 2 parties to agree on a valuation that makes sense. And a lot of times, the valuation is driven by the capabilities, the skills, the scientific expertise that we have that maybe that potential partner or acquired asset does not have at that time. So that's the kind of the way we look at it. Again, I don't think there's a capitulation, but we are seeking to use some of the cash on the balance sheet in a very disciplined, responsible way, that compensate shareholders for the risk that we're bearing on their behalf where we can create great value.
Joseph Wolk: Yes, Larry, thanks for the question and your interest. I would say it's somewhat a tale of 2 cities. If you look at surgical procedure volume in the fourth quarter, it eroded over the months of October, November, December. I would say it was roughly flat in the early part of the quarter relative to 2019, which we think is a more appropriate comparison, to down about 5%. The most pronounced area was clearly Orthopedics, which is the most elective segment of our portfolio. However, there's probably some reason for optimism if you look at diagnostic volumes in the fourth quarter. So that average roughly, let's call it 7%. It was a little bit stronger in October than it was in December, but still very positive relative to levels that were experienced in 2019. So we think there is a backlog that is potentially building of diagnosed cases that have yet to be scheduled. That being said, as you've heard from a number of outlets at this point, it really is about the hospital staffing and being able to accommodate surgeries from that perspective. We are seeing reduced cases with respect to Omicron, and we think that will play favorably. The first couple of weeks in January and probably limiting this to a week, maybe 2, saw a little bit of a bleed over from what we experienced in December around surgical procedures. But I do think that's going to improve with each passing month and with each passing quarter as the year goes on. And then as you heard from Joaquin as well as Jess, we are favorably positioned to capitalize on a much more stable market, given our improved competitiveness from where we were just a few years ago, in addition to the enhanced pipeline. Last year, we introduced over 20 products, same expectation for this year as well. So once the market gets to be a little bit more stable, hopefully no more future variants, and hospital administrators who have done a great job through the pandemic continue to modify their plans to ensure appropriate staffing, we think we will be in a very good position to not only approach market growth, but hopefully exceed it.
Joseph Wolk: Yes. Thanks for the question, Chris. With respect to operating margins, I think the 50 basis points is probably something that is reasonable to expect this year given some of the inflationary pressures that we've outlined, likely to be experienced in the first half of this year. That being said, given the size of our company, we do think we can always improve kind of the infrastructure, our operating model to find some leverage in the P&L. I won't commit to any -- to say it's each and every year. I think that's going to be very much dependent upon the opportunities that are presented to us in any given year. And if we've got an opportunity to invest disproportionately in R&D, on a particular asset, we will do that, and we just have to size up that opportunity. But I do think as a general rule, given the size of our company, that we should find some opportunity to operate where we can leverage. I would like to see us as we separate the company, maybe be relabeled as more of a growth company. And therefore, we may reposition that, taking that top line growth and putting that back into the business. But as you can see, even in recent years, we've had, I would say, significant operating margin improvement, but we have not starved investment. R&D was up over last year's record-setting year by $2.6 billion or 20%, as Jess mentioned. So we feel that we're finding that right balance, and we'll continue to do so moving forward.
Joseph Wolk: It's a great question, Joanne, and thank you for it. It's -- and it certainly has been a moving target as we had certain thoughts as '22 would shape up in the beginning of December to where we are actually ending up today. We've tried to address all the risks that are appropriate based on the information that we have as of January 26. And so we've taken into account, I think, a favorable outlook and an improving trend in Medical Devices, but also the fact that it's going to be a slower start to the year for some of the factors that we mentioned. The same type of position was taken with consumer and some of the supply constraints from some of our suppliers. So I think it's the right balance for where we stand today. We know from the last 2 years that things will likely change, and we'll adjust accordingly. In Pharmaceuticals, there's really not much of a change there. We expect that to be pretty stable. We enjoyed our 10th consecutive year of above-market growth, and we're planning for an 11th year in 2022. We did take note of some of the larger insurers who commented last week during their earnings calls about reduced office visits. So we'll continue to monitor that. But given the portfolio in Pharmaceuticals and various severe diseases that we address with our products, we don't see much change there.
Joseph Wolk: Yes. So Matt, let me start with some of the inflationary pressures that we're seeing and how we're offsetting those. So in consumer, there's, I would say, select products within the portfolio, think Skin Health and Beauty, as mentioned in the prepared remarks, where lubricants and things of that nature are in shorter supply. There are some, I'd say, probably increased labor costs with respect to third-party manufacturers, and we're obviously seeing heightened transportation costs. We are like the competitors in the consumer space, offsetting some of those costs with select price increases in our portfolio, where we can still provide those trusted brands and products to people without really impacting the elasticity or the demand of those products overall. We think we can strike that right balance as others have. In Medical Devices, I would say it's around the labor input costs and some of the staffing related to COVID-19, I would say, in the sense of overstaffing to some degree, but those are costs that are clearly managed. They're much like Pharmaceuticals are not prices that we can increase. And then, in fact, the stellar performance that you saw in pharmaceuticals was the sixth consecutive year where we actually had negative price. So the growth that you see is more than 100% of volume due to the innovation and the ability to address unmet medical needs. And then with Medical Devices, most of those specifically in the U.S. are contractual by nature. So there's limited opportunity there as well. So where we can, specifically in consumer, we're looking to pass some of those cost increases on. In other spots, we continue to have supply chain initiatives, manufacturing initiatives that have been in place really for a number of years as part of our overall cost management program.
