Joseph Wolk: Yes, Chris. So this is Joe Wolk. Let me answer some of it quantitatively and then maybe I'll hand it over to Ashley and Jennifer to discuss their outlook for their particular segments. In terms of the guidance for the balance of the year as it relates to where we ended the third quarter, if you look at what I guess has been labeled early morning here as a miss, I would say, I think about it in two categories. The vaccine, quite frankly. And as you saw, we did not change the full-year guidance. So that is simply timing.  We expect that to be fulfilled in the fourth quarter and we're still very much committed to the 2.5 billion of revenue and the supply that is correlated to that. With respect to medical devices, I think we're very pleased that we had above 7% growth in the quarter, given the different dynamics of Delta variant and hospital shortages. And we do anticipate that those procedures will be recovered. It's hard to say whether they'll be recovered in the fourth quarter or early next year, so that could provide some tailwind as you think about 2022. But let me turn it over first to Ashley to comment on medical devices and then to Jennifer to discuss pharmaceuticals.
Joseph Wolk: Yeah, thanks for the question, Josh. Let me start this response by underscoring just our conviction in the safety based on decades of science that these products are safe. What we've done is acknowledge that there's an established process that allows companies facing abuse of toward systems to resolve claims in an efficient and equitable manner. We initiated this process specifically for our cosmetic talc claims, both for current and future. And while we believe the cases lack merit, and by the way, an overwhelming number of courts, juries, and judges who have opined on this to full adjudication ultimately agree with us.  We did establish a $2 billion qualified settlement fund. But as you note in your question Josh, it's really the bankruptcy courts that will ultimately decide this. It's not plaintiff's attorneys. It's not Johnson & Johnson. But we do know that based on prior experience precedent, that claimants are far better off and clarity and resolution is in the best interest of all stakeholders. So we'll continue to monitor the process, but we're really beholden to how the bankruptcy court decides to proceed and their timeline.
Joseph Wolk: Thanks, Louise, for the question. I'll try to address that one. What I would say is, first off, I'd probably repeat the words I had both to congratulate Alex, as well as Joaquin. Alex clearly on a stellar career, a great run as his tenure as CEO. And he'll be a very active Executive Chairman, I suspect. It's not as if he's riding completely off into the sunset. Joaquin values the same principles that have made Johnson & Johnson successful.  That's investing in innovation and making sure that we've got differentiated products and solutions to improve the standard of healthcare across the globe. The nice thing about the transition is, I don't expect any significant bumps. They've worked together for a number of years. The strategies that they have talked about and that you'll probably see in the early part of Joaquin 's tenure have been contemplated with Alex in mind and they've collaborated as Chair and Vice Chair over a number of years.  So I would expect as the organization does a very smooth transition. With respect to CSO, we have not had a chance to acknowledge just really the impact that Paul has had on the scientific community not just here at Johnson & Johnson, but across the globe. He was a pioneer in infectious diseases. When nobody had an answer for HID, Paul emerged as clearly a leader there. And then just most recently his notable leadership on the COVID-19 vaccine, again here at J&J but also on the global stage. I think the -- probably the greatest testament to Paul's legacy is the fact that our R&D investment this year is 23% higher through nine months than what it was last year, and last year was a record-setting year in terms of what we've invest in innovation. We've got a great team of scientists that Paul has assembled over the years across all of our therapeutic areas, across all of our franchises. And I just look forward to the success that they will continue to carry on that Paul has really, I guess, cemented in terms of how we approach our business.
Joseph Wolk: Matt, this is Joe. Thanks for raising the point because I do think that underscores in that question just the strength of our core business, right? So vaccines in and of itself this year is not for profit. As Jennifer said, we'll rely on the science and the data to guide us how we proceed commercially.  But you should all consider that as upside to our base plan. We're so proud of the results that we've been able to accomplish, the investment in R&D, and just the strength of the portfolio not just this year, but how it really sets up for the balance of this decade, I think is something that people should take away from the call. I always smile a little bit whenever there's vaccine news because it seems to be overly pronounced impact on our stock, good or bad. And it always just makes me chuckle a little bit because of the strength of our business is really in our pharmaceutical medical device and consumer strength these days.
Joseph Wolk: That was a 60-second spot, Jennifer. Thibaut is going to tell you about the rates on that one, if you say. Jen.
Joseph Wolk: And Danielle, maybe just to clarify too. It's a recovery no matter what. It's just the intensity of the recovery so I would not expect, based on what we know today, any backward step with respect to Medical Devices performance going forward across the industry.
Joseph Wolk: Great. Thanks, Jen. So I hope you take away from the third quarter results, as well as this call, just how broad our financial strength is. Setting us up very well to close out 2021. But more importantly, 2022 and beyond. We certainly do look forward to seeing many of you in New Brunswick on November 18th, where Jennifer McIntyre and a number of the pharmaceutical leaders will be featuring our product portfolio and just how optimistic we are about the future. With that, I'll close the call and wish everyone a great day.
Ashley Mc Evoy: Sure. Thanks, Joe. And thanks for the question, Chris. When I look at quarter three as we share, procedures across most categories in which we participated did decelerate through the quarter, primarily due to obviously the Delta. So if I take you a little bit around the world, Asia-Pacific in aggregate continues to operate above pre - COVID levels. However, COVID does continue to be a challenge with like mobility restrictions being reinstated or remaining in places like Japan, Australia, Southeast Asia.  China clearly is setting a new pace for the world. When we look in the United States, we saw procedure trends decelerate in quarter 3. You'll recall on our quarter 2 call, we were feeling pretty good around 5% growth procedures in May. We saw a stabilization in June and July. In August, we saw the numbers of procedures dip around mid-single digit, and we saw that continue into the early part of September.  We are starting to see, qualitatively, recovery from hospital systems the past four weeks, where we look at early indicators of really filling the patient funnel. We look at diagnostic procedures and the past four weeks we're seeing diagnostic procedures in the United States flat relative to pre-COVID numbers. And as we talked about, we do expect some micro-surges in areas like the Northwest as well as the Midwest.  And then, in EMEA, rounding it out, we are encouraged that countries are beginning to ease its strict mobility restrictions and are really starting to resume procedures, given the vaccine deployment accelerations, the decrease in rates of new cases and hospitalizations, and overall, procedure volumes are gradually improving, like Spain, Italy, Germany are all above pre -COVID. The UK, where I was just there 2 weeks ago, clearly below 2019, long waiting list, really working to go, make progress on that patient funnel. I'll turn you to Jennifer for any other commentary.
Ashley Mc Evoy: Thanks for the question, Larry. And before I get to quarter 4, let me just give a quick frame for quarter 3 just at a macro level. First is really the market. And while COVID-19 has temporarily disrupted the MedTech markets, we absolutely believe that the underlining foundation of these end-state markets continue to remain attractive really due to what we say are oodles of clinical unmet need and quite frankly, the overall state of the technology on the S-curve. Quick refresh is our standing and our competitiveness as the second largest MedTech Company with 11 platforms delivering at least a billion in annual sales, we are very much focused on competitiveness and innovation.  In quarter 2, almost all of our priority platforms held or gained share. Some notables include continuing to enhance our global market position in electrophysiology. Biosurgery gaining share and hips seeing the impact of recent innovation in surgical vision. Now seeing several sequential quarters of share gains and even seen stabilization in knees year-to-date. So this is really about our focus on commercial effectiveness and our ability to deliver innovation. As Joe mentioned earlier, in 2021, we had 17 new product launches year-to-date. And this is a significant amount over last year.  So year-to-date through 2021, Larry, we are tracking to 5% growth versus 2019. We did achieve 4% growth in quarter 3. Obviously, that's an improvement of how we exited 2019 the full year. And then last, I would just say, you heard us talk a lot about digital surgery. We're absolutely committed to leading in the future of surgery and making our medical innovation smarter, less invasive, and more personalized. Joe talked a little bit about our MONARCH reaching 10,000 patients this year, has a very rich pipeline.  VELYS Knees is now approved in 5 countries. Our smart digital tools continue to scale. And lastly, Ottava, our soft tissue offering, you heard us share we're experiencing a temporary setback in its development. Transformational innovation is all kinds of fun, I will tell you. It's highly complex, but sometimes we do experience technical challenges, but we are absolutely committed to resolving our challenges, continuing to invest and bringing to market a competitive differentiated offering as soon as possible.  When we look at quarter 4, we do expect to see continued improvement. We do expect hospitals are going to have to continue to continue to manage through labor shortages. I don't expect that to get better in quarter 4 nor in 2022, but they've been quite master rolling how to manage patient flows. We are when I talk to hospital systems over the past three weeks and particularly in United States, they are ramping up again and resuming elective procedures. We're keeping our eye on vaccination rates, patients sentiment, the cold weather. But we do -- we are planning for a strong recovery in quarter 4 versus how we exited quarter 3.
Ashley Mc Evoy: Thank you for the question, Matt. As Sarah shared in quarter 3, knees grew 2% versus 2020, and a lot of that was due to really two-folds. One is the state of innovation, so the VELYS knee robot is obviously getting some nice traction. As Joe shared earlier, the utilization rates are very encouraging from hospital systems that have adopted this new technology. That coupled with a very proven differentiated ATTUNE knee implant, with a revision offering, as well as the cementless rotating platform have all really helped [Indiscernible] up, I would say, our portfolio in knees.  And then you mentioned the channel and we are seeing really healthy growth in the ASC channel. We continue to be encouraged by our market share gains predominantly enjoined in ASC. And really we started to deploy what we call an advanced case management, which is really how you simplify the pre -op planning in ASC and that new advanced case management service is starting to really take effect. And we expect to have these new sites of care start to really improve not just in [Indiscernible], not just in the U.S., but even in areas of Europe and really moving joints to more of a day surgery. Thank you for the question.
Ashley Mc Evoy: Yeah. So we're really proud of the role that our vaccine's playing and really helping address the global COVID pandemic throughout the world. And hopefully, you saw last week that the FDA advisory panel unanimously recommended a booster for our COVID vaccine. We are in the process right now of continuing under emergency use authorization to roll-out our vaccine across the globe in both in developed markets, as well as developing markets.  I think as the pandemic, as we continue to work through and fulfill our existing contracts that we have throughout the globe, and as we move into more of a booster market in later '22, potentially into 2023, we'd be looking at moving into a more of a commercial market. I know our R&D team is gearing up and getting ready to file for full approval. I think we want to be moving into a full approval market for that switchover to commercial.
Ashley Mc Evoy: Thanks for the question, Danielle. I think what we're planning for quarter four is I think we'll still continue to see micro-surges in cases. There will always be little hot spots. Hospitals are still going to experience some labor challenges. We don't see that getting better in the near-term immediately. I will qualify that so to say that they have been quite frankly masters at understanding how to manage patient flow and procedure flow. When we look at diagnostic and routine screenings and surgical procedures, we expect the trends will continue to recover globally, similar to the trends we saw in quarter two where surgical procedures grew low single-digit above 2019 baselines.  As we've referenced, there are more procedural backlogs in the highly elective procedures like knees and spine. And we expect those to recover, although maybe not as in terms of hospital capacity, at levels significantly above 2019 in the near-term. But I would just say going into November, relative to where we were entering November last year, we are encouraged to look at the worldwide case data, to look at the worldwide hospitalization data and the freeing up of mobility restrictions. So we are encouraged by quarter [Indiscernible] performance from 2021 Q4 versus last year. You'll recall we ended around 1.5% Medical Devices did in revenue versus 2019. So we are anticipating a healthier recovery.
Jennifer Mc Intyre: Thanks, Ashley. And hi, Chris. So we've got a real positive outlook on the pharmaceutical business, and if you take a look at our third quarter results, we had clear double-digit growth across a number of our key brands, including DARZALEX and ERLEADA in oncology, TREMFYA and STELARA in immunology, and OPSUMIT and UPTRAVI in pulmonary hypertension. Those areas we have seen strong recovery and we believe that the trajectory on those assets is really going to continue, so continued trajectory in '21 and into '22.  The area part of the market where we're still seeing a bit of a slower recovery, but we're starting to see it tick back, is really in chronic lymphocytic leukemia and mantle cell lymphoma, the market where IMBRUVICA is right now for IMBRUVICA, we just achieved double-digit growth ex-U.S. but in the U.S., it's actually been a little bit lower than that. And so I think that's one that, as you take a look and we move into 2022, we're anticipating to see some positive recovery there, but really strong results in 3Q and we anticipate continued strong trajectory through the rest of the year and into '22.
Jennifer Mc Intyre: Sure. Hi, it's Jennifer. So we are really looking forward to our upcoming PDUFA date in the 4th quarter for our BCMA CAR-T. This is going to be our first entry into cell therapy, and so the total team from R&D to supply chain to commercial has been really, really invested in this asset over the past couple of years preparing to launch. I think the results that you've all seen, and they're really deep and durable responses that have been proven through our clinical programs really highlight that this is going to be a really meaningful and transformational asset for patients.  As we have been planning the launch, we're really taking a thoughtful approach to scaling our global manufacturing, making sure that we're learning from those who come before us, and that we're really going to plan to deliver an optimal patient experience and patient treatment or provider treatment center experience as well as we scale up.  So the team has been working very heavily on this and we're gearing up for what we believe will be a very successful launch for patients hopefully later this year. I also want to call out the very strong partnership that we have with Legend Biotech, where we've been attached at the hip throughout and we're so excited to be working in partnership with them to be bringing that to market. I'm looking forward to a good launch later this year.
Jennifer Mc Intyre: And if I can jump in as well and just put in a commercial for our upcoming pharmaceutical business review. On November 18th, we're really looking forward to having a comprehensive overview of the business, our robust pipeline, our -- featuring our therapeutic area leaders and also really outlining our long-term growth outlook. So we're really excited. I think at that meeting, we're planning for a great day and we'll be highlighting a number not only our key therapeutic areas and delving deep in the pipelines, but also having a chance to feature a number of the key assets that folks, I know, have really, really interest in the learning more about. So everything from [Indiscernible], our BCMA CAR-T to nipocalimab that we got through our MOMENTA acquisition last year, Our new treatment for lung cancer, and what we hope will be expanding into a much broader market, RYBREVANT plus lazertinib. Our Retina portfolio. Also, things like our RSV vaccine, and our TARIS Drug Delivery platform for bladder cancer, and then, I could go on and on. But nonetheless, we're really planning for a very exciting day on November 18th and look forward to having you all join us.
Jennifer Mc Intyre: We're really looking forward to a great day. I couldn't pass on this opportunity to not highlight it. Thanks, Matt, for your question. Rob, last question please.
Jennifer Mc Intyre: Thanks, Danielle, for your question and thanks to everyone for your questions and your continued interest in our Company. Our apologies to those we couldn't get to today because of time, but please don't hesitate to reach out to Investor Relations as needed. I will now turn the call back to Joe for some brief closing remarks.
