Dominic Caruso: Sure, Mike. We are not going to give very specific profitability by product. But generally speaking, when we saw the uptick in OLYSIO sales this year, we knew we had the opportunity to invest more in the business, including both some marketing investment as well as new R&D program. So we expected that we would do that while still having our investors see the benefits of the uptick in the OLYSIO product. So I can’t give you the specifics, but generally speaking about $0.20 for the year. I mean, if you assume that OLYSIO is a high margin -- high gross margin product with very, very little costs associated with it, you can probably estimate what the total impact would be.
Dominic Caruso: Yeah. I think so, because it’s obvious that we saw such a significant uptick this quarter and you all know that Gilead’s compound in this space was just approved Friday. I think we all expected that. So we took the opportunity to invest. I think we're being very transparent with investors of what the impact to this year's earnings are net of the investments, of course. And yes, we don't expect that that will continue into next year.
Dominic Caruso: Sure. Louise, we have spoken before about the fact that 2015 is biosimilar impact for REMICADE in Europe, in particular.
Dominic Caruso: Right. Well, couple things. This quarter of course, we have the impact of the OCD divestiture, so the quarter-over-quarter comparisons are difficult for that. So Europe, I think you saw published operational growth of negative 0.8%. Without the OCD impact, it would've been positive 1% growth. That is slower growth than we’ve seen before. I think you're all very familiar with the fact that Europe is in fact slowing down and we're seeing that across our businesses as well.
Dominic Caruso: Right. Well, we mentioned in the comments by Louise earlier that there is some competitive pricing dynamics that we’re seeing in the market for our Vision Care products. So we took the opportunity to price we set, some of our products in that marketplace. We have a lot of new and important innovations coming to market soon. And when we noticed what was going on in the market, we want to price our products competitively with those in anticipation of the new products we have coming in the near future. So I would say there is a little bit of a slowdown in overall market, but the impact you saw for our business was primarily a result of our price we set.
Dominic Caruso: Okay. So just to be clear, when I talk about the impact of OLYSIO net of investments, I am talking about net of all investments, not just investments in hep C. So investments across the full range of the Johnson & Johnson portfolio. We are committed to hep C. We continue to do studies in combination with other products. We think there is important new advances still available in that marketplace. We think the market is substantial and it’s worth pursuing. So we are still committed to investment there and we’re doing those clinical trials. As you know, we have already filed with the FDA for our combination of OLYSIO with sofosbuvir and then we have additional data coming out, I think, later this year in addition to that. And then, finally you would ask about pricing given the impact of Gilead’s new pricing for Harvoni, I believe the product is called. And I would just offer the following comments. First of all, we believe that OLYSIO is in fact a very good -- has very good safety and efficacy results, in a strong position in patient experienced to date. We plan to remain competitive in the hepatitis C category and we will work with payers to maintain access for OLYSIO in the marketplace. And given the size, complexity and diversity of this patient population, we think physicians will continue to need multiple treatment options and hence my comment earlier about our commitment to continue to study OLYSIO for hep C as well some other combinations. We think having a potent protease inhibitor available to physicians is important and we’re committed to doing that. As far as Double Dutch or Irish Sandwiches or whatever they are called, I'm not going to comment very specifically about what we do or we don't have but we’ll have to wait to see what the Irish legislation actually says. But we understand from all the comments that have been made by Irish regulators that there will certainly be some grandfathering period for any changes that they propose because they do expect to keep Ireland competitive in the world economy. So we certainly expect that there will be some grandfather period. I don't know how long it will be but we've heard in the range of five years, could be three to five, could be five to seven. But we expect that the grandfathering provisions will give us all enough time to adjust any plans that we might have as a result of any impact.
Dominic Caruso: Okay. Well, let me start with just a few comments on volumes. We did see increased volume in the third quarter. Consistent with what we expected where we thought that the second half of the year would be stronger than the first half of the year. Just by the way of reference, last year, our hip and knee growth we experienced 70% of that growth in the fourth quarter. So obviously, we've now seen a new seasonality that’s very clear in hip and knee market. And we’ve seen an uptick in the third quarter or in the back half of the year as we expected, we would see. And Louise on pricing.
Dominic Caruso: So, Derrick, thanks for the question. So biosimilars in the OUS first, we haven't seen much of an impact and we know that that even pricing is sort of in the 30% range down from the branded product, but we haven't seen much of an impact of biosimilars in Europe such as Procrit and we’re not seen much of an impact for any other biosimilars as well including REMICADE. In the U.S, you raise a question about the potential biosimilar impact in the U.S because of Celltrion filing. Just as a reminder, we have a patent in the U.S, which goes until 2018 and yes, it's true that the Patent Office recently issued a rejection to that patent, but we have recently filed a revised amendment to that, which is now in the public domain. And until the patent in finally adjudicated, which could go up to the Supreme Court with the number of appellate arguments and appellate avenues that we have available to us. We don’t expect that there will be a final adjudication of the patent for several years now. So whether or not, the biosimilar comes to market in the face of that particular patent situation is up to the competitor. But we certainly continue to believe in the strength of our patents and the validity of those patents and we’re in active discussions with the Patent Office and we will pursue all available appeals and all the available jurisdictions and avenues of jurisdiction that we have to us, which again, I would say, would take several years before they would be finally adjudicated.
Dominic Caruso: Right. Well, couple of things, I remember, the MD&D sales, surgical care in particular have been impacted by lower women’s health and urology sales. Remember, we withdrew the more selects product from the market. So there is some negative impact related to that. There was also some negative pricing pressure in the quarter. And the overall utilization uptick that we saw was in the very low single digit. So, I mentioned it was modest growth, although encouraging that we saw in two quarters in a row but still very modest, Derrick.
Dominic Caruso: Right. Well with respect to the differentiations of INVOKANA to the new competitors, INVOKANA, of course continues to do very well. And the data as you know as filed was a result of something like eight different clinical trials, which should both the safety and the efficacy of INVOKANA, seems to continue to do well even in the face of new competition. So, we’re still growing share even with new competitors coming to the market. We don't see much of a price issue in the marketplace. They are all relatively priced competitively. Remember, this is a very large market and the fact that more SGLT2 inhibitors come to market, we think is good for the market overall because it increases physician’s awareness of the use of that particular mechanism of action. We think the market can withstand a number of competitors. And so we think overall there will be market growth as a result. As far as the combination, I’m not aware that we are actually studying the combination with DPP2 and SGLT2 inhibitor combination.
Dominic Caruso: Right. Kristen, thanks for the questions. So, couple of things, so nothing changed with respect to our overall strategic approach to the space. We are looking at areas where we think there will be strong market growth either because of demographics or because of innovation or because of our own ability to compete in the market, bringing in new technologies with our current presence. As you know, we made the determination some time ago that we’re going to focus on surgery, general surgery, and specialty surgery, and orthopedics and have less of a focus on cardiovascular and we got out of the drug-eluting stent business as we saw that become a commoditized business. Within the overall approach to medical devices, we still believe surgery is the place to be. We’re obviously very happy with our market position there. We made a big bet as you know in orthopedics and we’re continuing to see the benefits of that combination with Synthes. And with respect to cardiology, we believe that there are specific areas of focus within cardiology that are important. And for example, electrophysiology where we’re a leader there and we've seen very good growth, I think nearly 18% growth this quarter from our Biosense Webster business. So nothing has really changed. We believe these are the two main areas within and indeed that we’re going to focus on surgery and orthopedics with selective investments in selective growth areas within cardiovascular medicine. I think our competitors have basically followed suit in terms of these combinations in orthopedics as you know, and there is also combinations along with a current large player in cardiology now acquiring a major player in surgery, again confirming our approach that in fact surgery is the place that we’re going to see sustainable growth going forward. So nothing has changed and I hope that overall picture that I gave you is consistent with the previous discussions we've had and we’re moving along that strategy.
Dominic Caruso: Right. Well, we are very careful to integrate this business in a way that wouldn’t be disruptive to our customers. And we made sure that that was our first priority. There is a number of sites that we have to consolidate. These are two very large businesses as you can imagine. So these integration activities are winding down and we should see less of the special charges going forward. And I would say that we’re very close to actually completing the full integration of Synthes.
Dominic Caruso: Right. Well, one way to think about it is that OLYSIO has been a major contributor this year, but we, of course, invested, as I mentioned earlier, some of that upside in the business, so that overall next year when you see a reduction of that contribution overall net-net, it wouldn't be a significant as you might think and that's why, I quoted, the net $0.20 impact for the first nine months. We don't believe that that given the dynamics in the marketplace of this significance that we should overreact and adjust our business too drastically just from one year to the next, considering the fact that we have many investment opportunities, the businesses are still growing nicely and in fact, the overall pharmaceutical business as you know even without OLYSIO is still growing at high double-digit rate. So we continue to bring our consumer products back to the marketplace. So we don't want to really overreact from a big change in a single item that we believe the investment community is very well versed on and so we’ll continue to invest in our businesses appropriately going forward.
Dominic Caruso: Right. So, we said, I mentioned earlier, we did see positive utilization trends two quarters in a row. So we have you two dots we can connect. I guess but these are very, very modest, very low single-digit utilization rate increases and our suture business also had modest low single-digit growth offset by a little bit of price, but overall modest growth. So I think that's consistent with utilization trends we have seen.
Dominic Caruso: Well, Matt, one of things that we are benefiting from is the launch of ATTUNE, our knee platform and it’s been very well as it continued to launch throughout the world and we are seeing significant growth from the ATTUNE launch in Europe in particular, so that that's a major factor that’s specific to our business and not the overall market.
Dominic Caruso: Yes. I do think that that we are seeing the benefit of having a broader offering in orthopedics. So we had estimated some sales synergy from combining these businesses and we just got a report recently from the team and we are ahead of the sales synergies that we had expected. So I think the overall combination is working well for us. This is a marketplace as you know where share changes are not very dramatic and they are gradual overtime, but we are seeing positive momentum in that regard.
Dominic Caruso: Well, I think, a little too early to tell that, but we do think that is an opportunity going forward. There will be disruption as we experienced ourselves when we combined our two spine businesses. So we think that will be an opportunity for us go -- on a go forward basis.
Dominic Caruso: Well, let me just say that with respect to the second question, I don’t think we need a robotics platform of our own to effectively compete in the future. We are in fact utilized in the robotic platform that exists today with our products, at the end of factor – end of the robotic arm. So we do participate in the robotic -- view it as a critical enabler of growth for us in particular. And then, secondly, with respect to the overall orthopedics business, I would say, the only place we saw some softening is in trauma in the extremities portion of trauma. So, lower foot and ankle kind of trauma products, that market seem to be growing more rapidly than the overall market and we have some new innovations coming to market, but not yet there. So we are not yet participated in that growth, but we will be going forward.
Dominic Caruso: Okay. Well, thank you everybody for your thoughtful questions and I hope you will agree that our continued investments and innovations, and our strategic portfolio management are delivering very strong performance and positioning us well for growth moving forward. Well, we couldn’t do that without the great people who work at Johnson & Johnson, I would like to thank them for all they do every day and the contributions they make on behalf of the consumers and patients whose lives we touch around the world every day. So thank you very much for joining us today and have a great day.
Louise Mehrotra: Correct. And as far as INVEGA SUSTENNA and RISPERDAL CONSTA, we are not aware of any ANDA filings on them at this point in time.
Louise Mehrotra: Okay. And so just a little further on the market, so we are the first one though but our best estimate of the U.S market growth for the third quarter was hips about 3%. We grew slightly faster and knees about 4%, which we also grew slightly faster. But that’s again, just a big estimate because we’re the first or second one out, depending on how you count it. Regarding price, so in hips this is U.S only, price was minus 5%, which is additional negative by 1% versus sequential basis and mix was virtually flat. So net net price mix in the U.S for hips was down about 5%. For knees, price was negative 2.2% so that's a little better than the second quarter. Mix coming in about 1.5% positive so negative minus 0.6 on the quarter price and mix together and that’s better than the second quarter.
Louise Mehrotra: Yes. There were some additional contracts that were renewed in the third quarter and that is you’re seeing the impact in that minus 5%.
Louise Mehrotra: Okay. And did you want to do spine price in the U.S is down 5% and that’s more negative versus the second quarter. Mix is up a positive of 1% for a negative of 4% altogether price mix for spine in U.S.
Louise Mehrotra: Yeah. So INVOKANA was just approved, right, which is combination with metformin. And if you look at the usage of INVOKANA, where about 50% of it is in triple therapies, so they are actually able to get the combination themselves.
Louise Mehrotra: I think for our business, the combined, still grew very well, if you take a look at our INVEGA SUSTENNA and Risperdal Consta together. So the U.S. is up 10% due to an increase in combined market share for our growth and that’s INVEGA SUSTENNA and Risperdal Consta together. OUS is up about 3%, so worldwide it’s six in operational levels.
Louise Mehrotra: I think someone was going to ask that one. Okay, so for trauma, U.S. only prices 0.5, 0.7 negative and mix was very strong at 2.5% positive, so for net net, a roughly 2% positive.
Louise Mehrotra: Yes. The best estimate from our surgical care group is that the market was flat in the U.S. and then as Dominic said, there’s some negative price on it, and then internationally, sutures grew about 2%, so on a worldwide basis we grew 1.
Louise Mehrotra: Next question please? Next and last question, and then we’ll turn it over to Dominic for some final remarks.
Louise Mehrotra: Certainly, for the U.S. about 90% of our shares are going through the oncologist and about 10% -- 10%, 11% going through the urologist. In the third quarters, 60 plus percent was in the naïve versus the refractory. And I think what you are seeing in outside the U.S. is just continued new introductions into the market.
