John Reed: Hi. John, Reed here. It's great to join the call. This is my first time as a newcomer to J&J, and before I answer your question, David, I would just like to say I have to tell you I'm really enjoying being a new member of the J&J team. I've really been impressed with the culture inspired by our Credo with the caliber of our talent our people here at J&J and with the really strong performance of the pipeline. We've already launched two NMEs this year, Akeega for prostate cancer and TALVEY for myeloma, continuing our tradition in bringing new therapies in those agents, and we're positioned to deliver an average of more than two enemies per year between now and the close of the decade 2030. So the pipeline is very robust and it's exciting to be here and to be a part of it. So on to your question, the data will be presented at ESMO in a Presidential session. So we're embargoed until then. Abstracts will be available on [Wednesday] (ph). I can only say that the RYBREVANT Lazertinib combo did perform well head-to-head against Osimertinib. Our regimen is a chemo-free option for patients, which we think is important, and we'll present those data at ESMO.
John Reed: Yes, to follow up on Joaquin’s comments, we've been progressively adding more and more capacity. That's included at our original launch site in New Jersey, but we're close to having an additional manufacturing site up and rolling in Europe, in Belgium, and also have recently increased our capacity by using some excess capacity that Novartis had to further bolster the number of slots that we can accommodate. One of the traditionally rate-limiting components of the therapy has been the lentivirus component, and there we've made really outstanding progress in-house, mastering that technology, increasing the scale at our factory in Switzerland. And we're in the process -- we're building, I think it will be available next year, another factory in the Netherlands to support the lentivirus component, which has sometimes been one of the rate limiting aspects. So altogether the capacity continues to ramp up and we continue to perfect the technology I would say. Same thing with the number of centers that are qualified to administer the therapy and we're also making progress on the number of countries where CARVYKTI will be available. So very excited, obviously, about the momentum with that. Really, that best-in-class CAR therapy, the CARTITUDE-4 data as you know, showed unprecedented progression-free survival benefit, a hazard ratio of 0.26, overall response rate of 99%, 86% complete response. Very durable for a one and done therapy that was well tolerated. The Grade 3 or above cytokine release syndrome was only 1.1%. So this is really, I think, now emerging as the preferred second line therapy. And we hope to do more such as bringing the front line as a possible alternative to stem cell transplant.
John Reed: Yes, thanks for the question and we look forward to sharing those data at the ACR in November in San Diego. We're looking at Nipo as either a monotherapy combined with a precision medicine strategy or as a combination for a broad population where we aim to combine with an anti-TNF agent. We see those two mechanisms as being very complementary, reducing the levels of auto antibodies with Nipo and then inhibiting inflammatory mechanisms with the TNF. The so-called DAISY study, the Phase 2, is underway now and we'll test that combination. So that in general has been the way we're looking at RA, not only for Nipo, but other agents in our pipeline where we see the future being monotherapies that are targeted in a precision medicine way or broad therapies that are combos that can bring together synergistic mechanisms in a safe way. We're excited to be launching the DAISY program to look at that combo. And we're hoping that that will bring deeper, more durable remissions for patients as we bring those new mechanisms together.
Joaquin Duato: So thank you for the question. And yes, I mean, our results in orthopedics were 2.6% growth overall. And part of it, as you mentioned is driven by seasonality. As we have commented, we are in a journey of improvement in orthopedics. We want to be number one and number two in every segment we compete. And that is a place where we are not there yet, but we are very confident that we are going to continue to make improvements by investing and by growing in the highest growth segments. We have made improvements in our portfolio, for example, on the knee side. We have a more complete portfolio now on the revision side, on the cementless side. We are launching now our VELYS orthopedics total robot, total knee surgery replacement in Europe. And we already have about 30,000 procedures that have been performed with our VELYS robotic system. Overall, we are increasing our penetration also in the ASCs, which is a fast-growing segment, and we see our performance continue to improve in the U.S. and globally. In this particular quarter, we also had some impact due to the impact of value-based procurement in China and also because of the impact of the Russia sanctions that was mentioned already in the previous remarks. So overall, in orthopedics, we are determined to continue our journey of improvement. We are focusing in having the right portfolio. We have a very strong team in the field, and as Joe has announced, and Joe can comment on that, we have a plan to be able to continue to improve our margins in orthopedics.
Joaquin Duato: Thank you, Geoff. And as you have seen in the progression quarter-over-quarter of CARVYKTI, we continue to have on one hand strong demand and on the other hand, progress in our manufacturing. We're also very encouraged by the data that came out with CARTITUDE-4 that eventually we make CARVYKTI also a medicine in early absence of therapy. So when it comes to our manufacturing progress, I'm going to let John explain what are we doing in order to be able to supply the strong demand that we are seeing in CARVYKTI today. Overall, what you can expect, Geoff, is that we -- you will continue to see quarter-over-quarter improvement in 2023 into also 2024.
Joaquin Duato: And, you know, Geoff, to your point, in multiple myeloma new product launches, we are also very encouraged by the launch of TECVAYLI and also the recent appointment of TALVEY. The progression of these medicines is exceeding our internal expectations and we already have about 2,000 healthcare professionals in the U.S. that are REM certified to be able to administer TECVAYLI and TALVEY. So very encouraging progress in these two medicines in multiple myeloma. And we expect to be able to break out TECVAYLI sales beginning in 2024.
Joaquin Duato: Thank you for the question. Certainly we have always been very confident in being able to hit our $57 billion target in 2025 for pharma. As I have explained before, there are a number of factors there, the first one and most important is the growth that we're having in our key assets, TREMFYA, ERLEADA, UPTRAVI, our long-acting injectables, and especially DARZALEX, we continues to have a tremendous trajectory gaining share in first line. We are encouraged, as I just commented, by the launches of CARVYKTI, the progression of SPRAVATO, and also the recent launches too, also in multiple myeloma of TECVAYLI and TALVEY. And looking into 2024, the remainder of the year, and also into 2025, we have some very exciting news in our pipeline. Some of them have been already commented. For example, the first chemo-free regimen as first line in EGFR mutated non-small lung cancer. We will be presenting the data of MARIPOSA in our ESMO and that potentially will be a filing and an approval in 2025. This would be a new standard of therapy in this line of therapy in this very important need for patients. We also continue to be encouraged by the progress in our TARIS drug delivery platform. You are also going to see data being presented at ESMO. Very important for us in two existing products. We will be presenting data on TREMFYA in IBD, both in Crohn's and in ulcerative colitis for a potential approval later in 2024, that’s going to be a very significant growth driver for TREMFYA, take into consideration that in the STELARA case, IBD represents 75% of the sales. So we still have a lot of growth in front of us with TREMFYA, as we do also in ERLEADA, in which we will present data in localized high-risk prostate cancer. We also, you know, we're also going to be able to present some data of Nipocalimab in Myasthenia Gravis end of this year. So all in all, very good news for our pipeline in 2024 and 2025. Certainly, the entrance of the biosimilars in 2025 in the U.S. is another factor that builds our confidence that we are going to be able to meet the $57 billion. For me the most important thing now is to look forward and to think about the growth profile of our innovative medicine group into the second-half of the decade. We have a number of growth drivers that are already there that I described, but also the strength of our pipeline both in immunology, in oncology, and in neuroscience profiles us as a strong company, as a strong growth profile into the second-half of the decade. And that's part of what we will be looking forward to discussing with you in our upcoming enterprise with review, focusing on what is going to be the growth profile in the second-half of the decade.
Joaquin Duato: Thank you, and thank you Larry. And taking a step back, we see the evolution of our MedTech business in a very positive way. One of our key goals for us is to be a top tier grower in MedTech. When I look at the results of MedTech this year, we are delivering on that. Our growth in the quarter pro forma was 6.4% when you compare with Abiomed as a standalone company. And when you look at our pro forma growth year-to-date in MedTech is 7.9%. So very pleased with the performance of our MedTech business. And we have expectations to continue our progression into 2024, in part fueled by the procedural growth that we see and also, but our continued improvement in our execution and the launch of new products. Some of them we can discuss later. For example, you know, we will be launching our first PFA catheter in Europe into 2024. When it comes to GLP-1s, it's good for patients to have new options for treatment, especially in obesity, which at times has been a stigmatized disease in which patients were not looking for treatment due to the stigmatization of that. Certainly, as you commented, we're seeing some impact in our bariatric business in the short-term. Some patients are reconsidering surgery, expecting to get treatment. But overall, when we talk to surgeons, bariatric surgeons, what they see is a complementary role of surgery and GLP-1s, and many of them comment on the fact that they could see a tailwind for bariatric surgery down the road, given this complementary nature, the increased awareness about obesity, more patients seeking treatment, and many of the patients, about 30% of them, are not going to be tolerating this medication. So they would be another funnel for our bariatric business. In the rest of our MedTech business, at this point, we continue to see robust procedure increase and we don't anticipate that change, that thing -- that trend changing in the foreseeable future.
Joaquin Duato: Thank you, Joanne. And first, let me say that China for us is a key market, and a market in which we are delivering growth now, and we are going to continue to deliver a strong growth into 2024. So it's a key growth driver for us. So on one hand, certainly, VBP represents a headwind in price. And on the other hand, it also represents an opportunity as you can expand quality products, medical technologies into more patients. So there are a number of MedTech platforms now currently undergoing VBP headwinds, electrophysiology, spine, trauma, endocutters and energy, and these effects will last during 2023 and part of 2024. We have already anniversary our large joins VBP. So at this point, we have about 80% of our platforms that have been already affected by VBP. Again, as we look into 2024, we expect to continue to deliver a strong growth in China, and China remaining a key part of our growth. When it comes to the question that you were asking in anti-corruption side, we have a strong culture of compliance in our business. And at this point, we may see some limitations related to physician and surgeon access, but we are not seeing any material impact in any part of our business due to that, and we'll continue to monitor the situation. Overall, as I said, we continue to see China as a key driver of our growth and also as a key source of innovation moving into the future.
Joaquin Duato: Thank you. We are very pleased with the performance of our immunology business, especially we're pleased with the performance of TREMFYA with 25.1% growth in the quarter, which shows our ability to drive growth there. As I said before, TREMFYA currently is now indicated in psoriatic arthritis and psoriasis as an analog. In the case of STELARA, that represents about 25% of the sales. So with the upcoming readouts, filing and potential approvals of ulcerative colitis and Chron's disease, we expect to have significant growth in TREMFYA. We talk about TREMFYA as a $5 billion product earlier in our Analyst Day in 2021. Now you can see clearly that we're going not only to meet that, but to clearly exceed that benchmark for TREMFYA. So when it comes to STELARA, we had also a very robust growth of close to 16%. In that case, there is a prior period adjustment in the quarter a year ago that represents about 600 basis points. So you should take that into consideration when you think about the STELARA growth. We are very pleased overall, as I said, with our immunology portfolio. Overall, our immunology portfolio in the quarter grew 12.4%, which is very strong considering that we also have headwinds there of REMICADE biosimilars. And we remain very excited about the immunology portfolio as a key driver for J&J. Our Innovative Medicines are going to be bringing significant improvements in IBD with TREMFYA as I recall, but also staying there, we have our target oral peptide which is going to be presenting some data soon that we already presented data in psoriasis. And also, we have the combination of [Technical Difficulty] and golimumab in IBD, which has presented also groundbreaking result, so very encouraged about our immunology portfolio and the ability to drive growth in the second-half of the decade more to be seen in our EBR later in the year.
Joaquin Duato: Danielle, if I may interject here on Ottava. I've been in touch with multiple surgeons around the world. And one common comment that I find is that they all want. They are rooting for Johnson & Johnson to come into the robotic surgical space. They want to have the service and the support that they have accustomed doing decades with our Ethicon business and they also want to be able to utilize the advanced instruments with whom they have grown. So what I see in the surgical space is that the surgeons want to have alternatives and they are all looking forward to having Johnson & Johnson play an important role in robotic surgery.
Joaquin Duato: Thank you, Jess, and thank you to all of you for joining us today. I'm proud to present today the company's performance. This is the first quarter that we report as a new J&J, focused in health care innovation, in MedTech and in Pharmaceuticals. And I believe this new J&J has a better foundation to continue to drive growth for the next decade. We are achieving strong results in 2023 with our 7.5% adjusted operational growth in the quarter. It's the second quarter in a row that we have a beat and a risk of our guidance. And we continue to believe that we're going to have a very strong finish into 2023 and that reads well for a strong 2024, too. We have a dedicated team both in Innovative Medicines and in MedTech. And we think we are very well positioned, as I said, to carry the momentum that you are seeing in 2023 into 2024. Finally, we are looking forward to engaging all of you at Enterprise Business Review on December 5th. Thank you very much and enjoy the rest of your day.
Joe Wolk: Yes, just very quickly, Matt, thanks for the question. With respect to the restructuring program that we announced specifically in orthopedics, we're looking to exit those less profitable markets and product lines. So we'll have some clearly inventory write-downs as a result of that. Over the next two years, there will be some modest revenue disruption, but we actually do think these actions not only accelerate growth going forward, but will improve profitability.
Joe Wolk: Hey, so Eric, why don't I turn it over to you to discuss the TALC litigation matter and then I'll come back and answer Chris's second question.
Joe Wolk: Yes, sure, Chris. Thanks for the question. So first off, we're very pleased with the margin progress that we've been able to make in 2023. I think we started the year to roughly flat to now improving by 50 basis points. A lot of that has really gone, is it directly attributable to the efforts of many people in the organization, who really took the opportunity to look at our infrastructure as a two segment company versus a three segment company. So dis-synergies that we warned about and talked about early on in the Kenvue separation process really haven't come to manifest. In fact, as we look out to 2024, we see minimal to almost no impact from dis-synergies from the separation. We are in the process of finalizing our business plans for 2024. I'd like to get a little bit better assessment of how the clinical development pipeline is shaping up, what the investments are required there. But we're a larger company. We take the opportunity to look each and every year at efficiencies. So we're not in a position to give you margin guidance right now, but I would expect that something similar to where we started this year would not be a bad starting point for next year. Again, it's going depend on the investments that the R&D teams from both MedTech and Innovative Medicines can bring forth, and we'll obviously look to accelerate bringing some of these great products to patients sooner if we have that opportunity.
