Joseph Dominguez: Thanks, Dan. Folks, I'm going to close here basically where I started. We've had a fantastic run for the first couple of years of this business. But as we look at the fundamentals of power markets, as we look at growing demand, need for sustainability solutions, we think there is a ton of room to run yet. And we think we have a very durable policy in the PTC because of the kind of unique position we're in, where both political parties have strongly supported nuclear energy for all of the reasons that we covered earlier in the presentation. At our core, we have visible base earnings growth of 10% through the decade, backstop by the PTC. And again, our assets are the best in the world, run by the best people that operate those sorts of plants in the world. And this company can't be replaced. There's simply not enough nuclear out there to replace it. And we all know from having seen Vogtle, what the cost of new nuclear is. And notably having 25 of these assets and having to just replace two of them at Vogtle was $35 billion should give you some sort of insight in the replacement value of clean energy that is also 100% dependable throughout any sort of weather event. Our businesses -- our commercial and our generation business are a great marriage. That 24% share of the C&I business gives us the ability to connect our unique capabilities with some of the most sustainable companies in the country, and that just seems to be growing. As we look at the dynamics of energy markets, it's impossible not to conclude that if we're going to continue on the energy transition, that reliability is going to become just as important as sustainability, and we're able to do both of those things. We just think that we're a huge part of the solution for America. And our clean reliable nuclear plants, coupled with our ability to reach customers and help them achieve their sustainability goals supports our vision as being the leading company in this space. On top of the opportunities that we've talked about, we're going to have 180 million megawatt hours of carbon-free electricity that we could receive additional compensation for through 24/7 sales, behind-the-meter opportunities, hydrogen subject to the final rules or the outcome of litigation, government procurements of clean energy, and just simply capturing prices above the PTC price floor as volatility continues and accelerates in the markets. All of these opportunities are all on top of what is a wonderful profile for the Company of growing a very base and predictable part of our business that comprises a huge chunk of our earnings by 10% per year. And Dan and I have already discussed how that number could be considerably better. So that's the reason, as we talk about capital allocation, that that we're happy to buy the shares of this company all day long. Because the road we've traveled for the first two years is nothing compared to the future that we're going to have as a company here at Constellation. With that, I look forward to answering your questions with the rest of the management team here.
Joseph Dominguez: I think so, Steve. I think it will represent itself both as an improvement in base and enhance because when you think about how the PTC pricing elbow works, right, wherever -- assuming your overall price is below that elbow, there's extrinsic value above the elbow. It's effectively the possibility that prices will be higher than the elbow come the time of the delivery year. So whenever you're getting -- whenever you have a contract value that's in that range, if you're adding to it, for example, PJM capacity payments, if those end up being higher, even if the plant right now is residing in the PTC level, the closer it gets to that elbow, the higher the value of the extrinsic floor, and that gives you enhanced earnings. It also gives you what Dan has talked about the potential for higher margins and better portfolio opportunities as you handle the contracts. But effectively, what we're thinking is the contracts will be well above the PTC levels, right, to reflect the value of the attributes. In terms of how we're seeing the opportunities, let me just go from kind of maybe worse the best. I think hydrogen right now, we've stayed in the game on the hydrogen hub in Illinois because DOE has asked us to, and they're covering the cost, pending the outcome of the final rules. If we don't get the right final rule, we'll head into litigation, but we'll suspend further capital deployment or opportunities in hydrogen until we get an outcome from the courts. In terms of 24/7, we're continuing to see uptake from our customers on those opportunities. They are some of the same customers that appear to us in the data economy world, right? So Microsoft shows up as the first pioneering 24/7 customer. It's also a potential customer empowering the data economy and growth in that economy. And so I think of those two things as kind of similar. There will be customers that obviously, are pursuing sustainability solutions that aren't in the data center economy like ComEd and others. But I think probably materially the biggest piece of this, at least as we see it right now, is going to be in the data economy and selling 24/7 solutions to those companies that are in the data center business or intending to grow in the data center business and trying to do that across multiple jurisdictions so that we could get a template agreement in one place where we could agree on pricing and then quickly move to other opportunities with that same customer in other parts. I think when you think about who we are, the spread of our assets, we're probably the only company that can do this at scale, that has the megawatts available, and do it with geographic diversity that these clients seem to like. In terms of timing, Steve, we're working on all of these issues. There's a huge team at Constellation that is involved in these discussions and sorting them out. They're big deals so -- and they take a long time to materialize. And what I don't want to get into in these calls is predicting when the outcome of those deal discussions will occur. But they want speed to the market and we want speed in terms of getting this started. So I think the incentives are aligned.
Joseph Dominguez: And David I just quick to supplement Dan's point. I think that the opportunities we're talking about don't come necessarily with more O&M. Some of the behind-the-meter opportunities might, but that will be factored into the contract pricing. But simply selling attributes doesn't add a bit of O&M to our Company. So its cash conversion is quite large.
Joseph Dominguez: Yeah. Look, I think we talked about the two parts of our business, the commercial business and the nuclear asset base. I think it's fair to say that M&A activity would be focused on both of those things. And in the case of nuclear, we've kind of long said that young dual unit sites are our type around here. So those -- that's sort of -- anything that's in that -- fits that description will be something we'll be interested in.
Joseph Dominguez: But look, it's all at the right price, right? What you're seeing here in terms of the management presentation is that we like the future of this company. We like the future contracting opportunity. We like the future realization of the reliability benefit that we think we can. So stated quite simply, we think there's a lot of value that is still unrealized here. So as we look at different M&A opportunities, it's going to be judged against buyback in the sense of where is going to be the greatest impact or a return for our investors. And I'm not sure where that's going to be. We have a type of plant that we would be interested in buying. We have commercial businesses that we'd be interested in buying, but those things have to come at the right price. And if we've, I think, demonstrated anything very well over the first couple of years is we're going to be really disciplined in how we look at that.
Joseph Dominguez: We -- some of them will have collars around them, and I will tell you that in all the numbers we're showing, you basically have those contracts at max caller value.
Joseph Dominguez: Neil, I think, it could be pointed out that we're probably a little conservative here in returning back to historical margins as opposed to resetting margins. But there's probably a flavor of conservatism throughout the materials as Dan has covered, and that's just we anticipated you would or you or someone else would raise this question, we just used the historicals for a plug for right now until we see how the market continues to evolve.
Joseph Dominguez: Well, I think that gets into the question of operates. We've already announced some. We have others that we're looking at. We're looking at some other fairly material opportunities to increase the number of megawatts that we produce and then anything that would happen from an M&A perspective. We're not going to build more nuclear, so that's -- it's really how we optimize the existing fleet, which is already running at a pretty high capacity factor. We'll look at upgrades M&A opportunities and possibly some unique opportunities that we have to bring megawatts on. So that's -- I think this is a neighborhood we're going to be in for a while.
Joseph Dominguez: Well, again, it's been a longer-than-usual call. We had a lot to go through in terms of the evolving marketplace, Constellation strategy and the change in guidance that we're providing. Appreciate, again, all the positive feedback. We look forward to continuing to deliver on the promises that we made to you. So looking forward to the first quarter call. And with that, I'll end it and thank you again for your time and attention.
Daniel Eggers: Hey, Steve, just to tie that into the earnings expectations, right? As we sign long-term contracts for the attribute sales of data center, what have you, those long-term earnings contributions would flow into the base earnings given the long-term visibility that go with them.
Daniel Eggers: Yeah, Steve. We use a range of expectations, right? We have the billion-dollar buyback on right now. We've got the $3.1 billion to $3.5 billion of unallocated. We assume that we'll use some of that for growth opportunities and some of that for buyback. But I would say that, that outcome covers a range of outcomes. So it's not as if it was an all-buyback assumption, which would probably be the highest additive contribution to EPS, right, because you get immediate contribution, whereas the growth investments probably have a higher return, but take a little more time to get into play. So we -- our growth rate is -- encompasses a wide range of capital deployments to make sure we'll meet our commitments.
Daniel Eggers: Yeah, I think that's a fair expectation. If you think about setting aside the nuclear PTC and the tax attributes of it, we will work through our tax credits we've accumulated previously. So depending on capital investment and bonus depreciation, things like that, our functional cash tax rate is probably going to be a bit higher in the future than it has been in the past. That could be a little bit of an impediment. Year-to-year, you can see different timing on nuclear fuel spend or base CapEx spend, particularly if we think about the work we're doing to extend the useful lives of the assets. But I think it's fair to assume that we should have some good follow-through on free cash flow.
Daniel Eggers: Yeah. David, I think, we put those in as kind of just benchmarks for you to kind of quickly do the math. We're not selling an attribute for $10 here. That's just not what we would be interested in over the long term. What we're -- you know, what doesn't make sense to do on this call is kind of reveal our pricing curve for attributes because that's obviously, competitively sensitive information. But we put the $10 in as just an illustration. It could have just as easily been $20 rate.
Daniel Eggers: Yeah. I mean, I think you should think about it as some deployment of capital for buybacks and then whether it was used for paying down debt, although we'll manage our balance sheet differently, or reinvestment in projects which we have contractual visibility, which is really how we think about our growth investments by and large. I think you should assume a decent amount of that would show up in base, right, because your denominator is changing on a share buyback calculation. It would also help enhance a little bit, to be totally honest, if your share count is falling. But we used a range of different allocations to get comfortable with both the growth rate and the range we provided. We didn't want to lock ourselves into one version of future capital deployment.
Daniel Eggers: And Durgesh if I just add, if you think about -- sorry, I would say, if you think about last year, we were successful on STP would certainly fit that template. Other assets where we were not successful because it didn't fit our return profile or our asset mix.
Daniel Eggers: Angie, it's Dan. On the free cash flow performance, we exceeded our commitments in both years, I think that's how I describe it. We can get you the actual numbers, we follow up, but we did exceed the numbers on the plant for both years. As far as going from EBITDA to EPS, I think a major factor was the nuclear PTC because you're calculating its gross receipts. The PTC value can move within the calendar year. It is an after-tax number so how you affect your net income would be consistent as those two balance themselves out. From an EBITDA perspective, it added a lot of volatility, and there is not an ability to gross up the PTC to a pre-tax EBITDA equivalent value on the consult of -- our outside council and then auditors and all those folks. I think the other part, more significantly, right, is that when we look at our story, right, we're a strong investment-grade company with a modestly levered business. We've got a really compelling growth story as we see it with the PTC growth and the opportunity to redeploy capital. The free cash flow, as return it to our owners or reinvest in the business drives a unitized growth story which we all felt fit a lot closer to an EPS-driven business and a more mature business than probably what we would have experienced with the volatility and variability of results that a lot of the IPPs have had over time, where they didn't have the certainty provided by the PTC in our core commercial business. So we thought it was a really natural time to make the transition and probably suits us to compare to companies who we think we look a lot more like as we go forward as a company.
Daniel Eggers: Yeah. I mean, Angie, I think on the O&M front, right, I mean, you got to remember that we did buy STP last year, right? So there's a fairly meaningful step up in our projected O&M for '24 from last year's update because STP is in, and that's the biggest piece of the increase in '24. We also, just like we saw in '23, we do have a higher O&M for performance-based compensation for employees given the extraordinary results we've had in commercial. As you're aware, we locked a lot of backlog in '22 and '23 that's going to show up in '24, hence the strong enhanced earnings numbers. We pay at delivery, not at inception, right? So our O&M is going to be up with extraordinarily higher profits for that pace. I think we're really comfortable with the O&M profile relative to earnings expectations. And if you look at how much the numbers have moved for '24 from over a year ago, I think that's pretty clearly validated. On the CapEx front, I think timing will vary from year to year depending on what our workload is for maintenance capital at the plants. When we've done things like the up rates, we've moved some capital forward in order to get that on and get those high-return projects in place. So I think we look at a long-term CapEx program that's incredibly consistent, where we expected things to be maybe a few more dollars here and there for long-term support of the assets going to the SLRs. But we feel good on that front. On nuclear fuel, we were, you're correct, well ahead of where the world was heading on the need to procure fuel. We had bought out through '28, that has continued beyond '28. We have contracts extending well out into the 30s at this point in time across the fuel chain. So I think that we've managed our fuel exposure very well. We talked about last year, '28 nuclear fuel expense to be around $6 a megawatt hour. It might be a smidge over that, but not a whole lot more. So I think we've done a good job controlling where our fuel costs are, certainly in an inflationary environment. And I guess the last point is on fuels because people ask about it a lot because you can see the spot price move around. I'll just remind you that we don't buy in the spot market, right? We buy in the term market for all of our products. We are a long-term buyer with a very sophisticated fuels group. So where we're procuring is certainly different than what you're seeing on a very illiquid tape.
Daniel Eggers: Yeah, Neil, I think when you look at our commercial business, right, we tend to sell forward in contract terms, let's call it, 24 months plus or minus, right? We would have sold a lot more of our '24 volumes in '22 and '23 than we would have sold '25 volumes in '22 and '23. So what we have in our numbers reflects really the positive backlog gains, right? We had very good margins on what we've been signing to the point that margin sustain at the higher than these long-term average margins you would expect that enhanced value to improve as we sell more contracts, right? So anything that isn't sold at this point in time, we assume reverts back to this long-term average we've seen volatility continue. We've seen good margins hold up into this year. So I'd say there's probably, in my mind, a bit of opportunity if we can sustain at these market conditions. And the commercial business has just done a tremendous job taking advantage of the market, but also helping our customers, the volatility is disruptive to them. So our ability to sign and provide them long-term certainty to their energy costs is really valuable for them, and it's been a good relationship for sure.
Daniel Eggers: Neil, on the retail side of the house, I think that we have been opportunistic in our ability to grow. We've been a consolidator in retail for a long period of time. So I think when things that fit our portfolio, could be added to our volumes. I think the team always challenge themselves on the profitability of the customers and the margin gains that we're looking at, right? So we're going to balance all those pieces as we go forward making sure that it's not just volume driven, but it's profit to be organization-driven.
