Mayo Shattuck: Thank you, Sandra. And good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Last week, we announced Constellation Energy's strategic merger with Exelon. We are excited about the value that will be created upon completion of this transaction, both for our shareholders and our customers.  Having visited with investors over the last couple of days, we appreciate that you, too, see the strategic logic and value of this combination. At this point, we are focused on the regulatory approval process, and Constellation and Exelon will be working diligently to keep the process on plan and on schedule.  We have offered upfront a strong package of commitments and mitigation that we believe should be viewed favorably, in light of recent approvals such as the First Energy-Allegheny merger. We will make the first of our filings in the next few weeks, with the goal of having the S-4 filing and all required federal and state regulatory filings prepared and submitted for review by the end of the second quarter. We expect to receive approvals beginning in the third quarter of 2011 and continuing through the first quarter of 2012.  We have also begun integration planning to work through the steps necessary to ensure a smooth transition for all stakeholders. I look forward to providing additional merger updates, as we work our way through the process.  So now let's turn to Slide 6, where I'll discuss the results of the first quarter. This morning, we reported stand-alone first quarter adjusted earnings of $0.63 per share, which includes a noncash mark-to-market timing loss of $0.13 per share. Excluding these mark-to-market timing losses, our adjusted earnings would've been $0.76 per share.  Including one-time items, Constellation reported first quarter GAAP earnings of $0.35 per share. We are reaffirming our 2011 guidance range of $3.10 to $3.40 and our 2012 guidance range of $2.40 to $2.70 per share. Our 2013 earnings estimate continues to be north of $3 per share. Jack will discuss our first quarter results and earnings outlook in more detail later in the presentation. Our NewEnergy segment continues to focus on providing integrated, multiproduct energy supply and management solutions to new and existing customers. During the quarter, we entered into a long-term electricity agreement with the U.S. Department of State, with more than half of the power coming from newly-constructed wind and solar facilities.  In addition, we signed new Retail business, performed well in key load auctions and remain on target to achieve our full year NewEnergy plan. In January, we completed the integration of the Boston Generating assets into our portfolio. We're experiencing higher capacity factors at these plants than originally forecast in our pro forma model.  Our regulated utility, BGE, continues to serve its customers safely and reliably. On the heels of other significant industry awards, BGE was selected by the EPA as one of its 2011 ENERGY STAR award winners. This award recognizes BGE for its commitment to energy efficiency. BGE also received its detailed rate case order, with an outcome in line with expectations from the December preliminary order.  During the quarter, BGE invested more than $160 million of capital, primarily for reliability and efficiency. These investments will further improve service for our customers, as well as grow rate base and earnings.  If you'd turn to Slide 7, please. In March, our NewEnergy segment announced an innovative electricity supply contract with the U.S. Department of State. This competitively-bid contract includes a 20-year Energy Savings Agreement that will provide about 120,000 megawatt hours of energy annually to the State Department and other federal government facilities.  This bundled solution enables the State Department to surpass statutory and executive order clean-energy goals for reducing greenhouse gases. The Energy Savings Agreement accomplishes this by spurring development of green energy projects in 2 states that are expected to create 250 construction jobs.  One of the projects will be a 5-megawatt solar facility constructed by Constellation in New Jersey. The other will be a 17.5-megawatt wind facility built in Pennsylvania. We anticipate these projects will be completed during 2012. This Energy Savings Agreement serves as a transformational contracting model for federal agency energy management, which we believe will forward new opportunities in the public sector for NewEnergy.  In closing, Constellation is well positioned to succeed due to our national footprint, diverse product portfolio, scalable platform and seasoned risk and portfolio management team. Now I'd like to turn the presentation over to Jack, who will review our financial results and forecast with even more detail beginning on Slide 8.
Mayo Shattuck: Let me start and see if Kathy has anything to add to it. We are essentially marketing on the residential side in Maryland, which has a more advanced switching rate, now above 20%. Both the New Jersey and Illinois markets are definitely at the front end of the adoption curve. And so the rate at which we expect to bring on customers is considerably slower than what we're seeing now in Maryland and others are seeing in Pennsylvania. So our view is that both of these markets, New Jersey and Illinois, need the education that's being provided by sort of multiple competitors at this point. We're hoping for a little bit greater endorsement and education from the incumbent utilities. But I think the combination of these things eventually leads to an acceleration in that adoption curve, but it's fair to say we're at the front end of that.
Mayo Shattuck: We don't have any issuance from the commission on that subject matter yet. So it's a wait-and-see at this point, and we'll see what happens.
Mayo Shattuck: Jay, Jack commented on it earlier, and I'll have him expand on it a little bit. I think -- I can think of -- in the course of last 9 or 10 years, we probably had 3 events that I can think of that I'd put in the extraordinary camp. And I remind people here that to some degree, having these events sort of validates the value and the risk premium associated with being a provider in this business. You're going to lose money from time to time, but the advantage of being nationally scaled is that you can absorb these events, and we've had positive events on the other side of the equation over time. But I think when you're in the business of load serving and you have for an example an unusual weather event and that's usually the issue. We've had that, you might recall, back in New England about 6 or 7 years ago. You're going to take a little bit of a hit. And our job is to make sure that we have the hedged profile to mitigate against what we think is an outsized event. This one was, again, probably as unusual as they get because we had both generation and load-serving obligations and we got hit on both sides. But I often think that one of these things happening to this industry is not such a bad thing because you have to be big, you have to be nationally scaled. And consistent with our thoughts about the merger, it's nice to have a balance between generation and your load-serving obligations. I think the Texas, specifically, maybe I'll have Jack expand a little bit on that.
Mayo Shattuck: Jay, I think you're right. The last thing we want to do is overload the commission. They've got a merger case that will be filed shortly in front of them, and we're expecting a decision on that in early January, if we're successful in filing in the next several weeks. So my guess is that we'll make the determination not to double up on that and overload, and we would postpone consideration of that until after we get the ruling on our merger case.
Mayo Shattuck: A couple of things. One, obviously, how it comes out by virtue of the capacity market will be interesting. We're right on the cusp here of learning a lot more how about how PGM interprets all of this, and we expect probably further refinement, further ruling during the course of the next year, particularly after the lessons of this auction. From our business standpoint, we believe in demand response. It's an important component of the overall capacity mix. We have programs on both the regulated and deregulated side. They are -- in particular on the regulated side, the programs that we have in place at BGE under PeakRewards. And then prospectively, under smart meters, there's going to be an important component of rebate back to customers in that realm. And on the competitive side, similarly the arrangements that we have with our commercial and industrial customers are some source of revenue to them. I think prospectively to the extent that there is less capacity value in the marketplace for demand response, I think we will find that we'll do an increased amount of bundling with our customer base, as we mix both commodity sale with other product competencies, of which demand response would be one. And there may well be a different kind of sort of price response that is built into future arrangements with customers as well. So I think it's definitely going to be evolving. And one lesson will come out soon, with respect to how the capacity mark auction ends up.
Mayo Shattuck: Well, as I think you know, this was not an auction process at all. These are 2 companies that have known each other and shared a lot of the same philosophies for quite some time, particularly around the climate issues and the competitive market advocacy. We have tended to be 2 of, if not leading 2, that are participants in organizations like the Clean Energy Group and the COMPETE Coalition. So as a consequence, I think that we've been watching each other and know each other well for years. Our strategy clearly on an independent path required that we continue to purchase generation as we built the Load business. We were successful last year to the tune of about 4,500 megawatts. But no doubt that part of the long-term strategic plan required us to opportunistically purchase plants at good prices and good returns. And there's some degree of uncertainty about whether those stars align. On their side, they definitively had to move in the direction of building their customer front-end. And if you are a merchant then without that capability, you are eventually going to suffer from being an entity that sells through a computer screen, and you're going to get lower margins. So the consequence, there is no doubt that the match between the 2 entities was extraordinary, and I can't think of a better match, honestly. The combination or the ability to reduce the inefficiencies on our side that come from being, essentially, philosophically short and having to reach a flat position by spending money on hedges. And there's a certain inefficiency that goes away when we add a lot more generation matched against that. And correspondingly, the other side has inefficiencies by fundamentally being long and protecting against unusual events by always having the kind of length that -- where one doesn't ever get in jeopardy of losing money in an unusual event. So the ability to reduce the inefficiencies on both sides while building a nationally-scaled platform is really pretty unusual. So I think that, as we've looked at the landscape over the years, there really is no better match for us or for them than this combination.
Mayo Shattuck: Thank you all for joining us this morning, and we look forward to next quarter and further updates on the merger as well. Thank you.
Jonathan Thayer: Paul, I think we're being pretty consistent focusing people on a full year forecast. To your point, depending on how we contract for margins and the shaping of various -- whether its wholesale load contracts or pricing for certain of our retail activities, those contributions per quarter will fluctuate. In general, I think it's important just to focus on the full year contribution. We expect to be able to perform in line with plan.
Jonathan Thayer: I guess, my comment would be, Paul, that our investors, I think, should be focused on the full year contribution and our performance and expectation against that full year. Quarterly guidance and how we perform against external consensus shouldn't really impact the value of what people see the contribution from NewEnergy being to our business.
Jonathan Thayer: I think where there's sensitivity in NewEnergy's outlook is our sales volumes and margins. And as we've mentioned, those are performing consistent with plan. There's commodity sensitivity within the Upstream Gas segment, with really sensitivity to production volumes potentially to the upside given the current high oil prices and distillates prices that we're seeing. But that will be determined by drilling rates. And then on the customer services and solutions that we're seeing consistent performance in our Solar, in our Energy Efficiency and our Demand Response segments of that business. And again, similar to the commodity-focused power and gas sales, it's really just a sales cycle, and we're performing well against plan.
Jonathan Thayer: It's in the NewEnergy segment because that's where all the hedging occurs, and it's primarily related to some of the volatility we've seen in gas prices.
Jonathan Thayer: It's actually the opposite of your lead-in. As we look at the increases we've seen in coal prices, relative to power prices, our operating assumptions for how much the plants will run has come down. So with lower expected volumes of power coming from those plants and lower coal burn than initially anticipated, our hedge ratios have gone up.
Jonathan Thayer: Absolutely if you look at -- our coal fleet is on the margin, and so it's quite sensitive to realized dark spreads.
Jonathan Thayer: We do expect them to come in lower. I think our expectation that's been inferred by the investor community has been $160 to $180 per megawatt day. I think you can back into what our expectation would be, but it's somewhat lower than our outlook at the beginning of the year.
Jonathan Thayer: Sure. So Jay as you know, we had recently purchased the Navasota plants, and those are combined cycles that we do use for shaping and for events such as this. Subsequent to this event, with our operations and generations teams, we've gone back and reviewed lessons learned or steps that we might have taken. I think 2 specific steps: one, from a capital investment side, we have installed freeze protection and wind, effectively blockers that would've addressed certain of the both the temperature, but also the wind-chill induced elements that caused those plants to trip; and the other from an operational side is the importance of in the -- when our meteorologists see potential for weather events like this, the importance of actually running the assets even if it's not economic to keep them, so that they will be operational and heated effectively, so they don't freeze during a cold snap. On a platform basis, I think it speaks to the importance of the integration of our portfolio management, our trading organization and our generation operations group. And while we have a very integrated approach, I think there's always opportunity to refine how those groups work together, and this event certainly highlighted the need for them to be linked very tightly. And those protocols have been addressed and adopted.
Jonathan Thayer: Sure. So Paul, as you remember, we divested our international Coal and Freight business to Goldman Sachs, and there was a legacy book of contracts, both in the money and out of the money that's, as part of that transaction, we've been working with Goldman to novate. We have novated the majority of those. And as you recall, that was a benefit in the first quarter of 2010, which was offset in the second and third quarter by the novation of certain out-of-the-money contracts. We novated, or one of the counter-parties with Goldman Sachs novated the contract, one of the contracts during Q1 that -- I believe there's one remaining contract that's available for novation. And then we will have fully exited any obligation that we have to that international Coal and Freight business.
Jonathan Thayer: It's really outside of our control, and we would anticipate it if it is novated, one, it's small and two, it would -- just as we've done with this, it would be incorporated into our earnings.
Jonathan Thayer: It's noncash. It's effectively hedges that we'll realize in accrual earnings largely in '12 and beyond, so it's noncash. As is practice with many others, we generally exclude that from our earnings calculation when we're talking to you about performance in the quarter.
Jonathan Thayer: No, it's hedging effectiveness, not -- we're not certainly excluding mark-to-market, that's incorporated in the numbers. It's this noncash hedging effectiveness number where we're marrying up financial hedges with physical positions that will deliver further out the curve. We do add that back or subtract it whether it's positive or negative because it's our perception that it skews the interpretation of the results because the cash and the delivery timing are mostly delivered in '12 and beyond.
Jonathan Thayer: Paul, I think you're mixing apples and oranges. One is from an accounting standpoint. We absolutely acknowledge that if we have mark-to-market gains or losses, that's incorporated into our results. This specific item -- and NextEra and others do the same thing -- when you have hedging effectiveness, that's related to the financial hedges of accrual driven primarily by moves in commodity prices, we add back or subtract whether they're positive or negative. That and how we view our quarterly results to give you a better picture of our performance during the quarter.
Jonathan Thayer: So I mean, just for perspective, but for the Texas ice storm, we performed this quarter according to plan. Obviously, there are puts and takes across the entirety of the business, but for that $0.14, we literally came in right on top of plan. With respect to what we see prospectively in your comments about where we come out in the range, we've had tremendous success in the wholesale load auctions better than expected. And that will cost of contributor further throughout the balance of the year. We're seeing success on the upstream side and in our solar business. And we're seeing good performance out of BGE and opportunities for further cost savings on the generation side, reflecting some of the tighter dark spreads that we're seeing. So I think across the board, it's Q1, it's early. But we are very comfortable with our plan and the range that we provided.
Jonathan Thayer: Scott, it's Jack. It wasn't specific to Texas there. As you recall, given the slope of the decline in commodity prices, margins were quite high across the board for our NewEnergy business in the first quarter of 2010. We have seen those margins come in, given the flatter price curve in Q1 2011 to the tune of about $1 or $1.20 per megawatt hour.
Jonathan Thayer: So Neel, directionally you're absolutely right. We do see that magnitude roughly of a decline, while we received the parameters around the auction from PJM given the demand, given the expectations for a demand response to be bid in, given certain elements to the positive or negative, the increasing tone, we don't see offsetting the reductions in demand. So as we fine tuned our numbers, we took them down. I will note that our expectation was, last year, that it would clear much lower than we actually did, so we tend to be conservative here. Obviously, we'd rather be positively surprised than negatively. But because of our conservatism, I think it's our hope that we'll see the auction clear higher. Certainly, we expect in RTO that the auction will clear year-over-year higher.
Jonathan Thayer: No, it's overall. It's the level of demand across PJM, as well as some on the supply side, the ability to bid in certain demand response assets.
Scott Senchak - Decade Capital: Just quick question. It looks like from the release, there were 2 reasons that Texas was a little lower, one is the weather and the other was lower realized margins. I'm just wondering what was driving the lower realized margins in Texas.
Scott Senchak - Decade Capital: And Okay, great. And then also kind of new Retail business that you're signing up. I know there's a couple of other companies that are getting pretty aggressive. I was wondering if you're seeing increased competition and any decline in margins for kind of new business out there.
Scott Senchak - Decade Capital: And just one more question. I think you guys are building some wind and solar this year. I was wondering if you're electing convertible ITCs and if that's impacting your earnings on kind of much that would help you guys this year.
