Joseph Dominguez: Thanks, Dan. I want to just close by talking a little bit and summarizing Constellation's value proposition. It was a decade ago that we were really starting this discussion about the importance of preserving the nuclear plants. And I think just so much has changed during that period of time. And really, a lot has changed here in the last year or 2, where you've seen some of the horrible policy decisions that in closing these plants have an impact on electricity prices, reliability and, of course, the fight on the climate crisis.  So it's just so great to see this package coming together in Washington. And we're confident it will pass, and it's going to really change America. So it's a great thing. We just think we're a unique company that cannot be replicated. We own 25% of the U.S. nuclear fleet. And we produce 10% of the carbon-free antigen, nearly twice as much as the next largest carbon-free generator. And these plants could run for 80 years, well beyond 2050, in most cases. We provide power to nearly 23% of all competitive C&I customers in the U.S., 3/4 of the Fortune 100. This puts us in a position to meet the growing demand for customer-driven carbon-free energy and sustainability solutions.  We think we're the best operator of nuclear plants in the country, and the metrics back that up. We thrive in times of volatility, as both Dan and I discussed earlier. We generate strong free cash flow through our best-in-class operations, retail and wholesale platforms, and we support clean energy across the country with a good focus on cost and reliability. We have a strong balance sheet and our investment-grade credit rating is extremely valuable, and we deliver value to our shareholders through disciplined capital allocation. I'll now turn it over to the operator for questions. 
Joseph Dominguez: Yes. Well, I'm going to ask Jim McHugh to weigh in, but I think you just -- you've actually nailed it. I think in the early days, and we certainly saw this in the first quarter, renewal rates were down because our customers quite naturally were wondering if this is a short-term blip and things were going to kind of cascade backwards to where prices were before.  And now we see a lot more renewables. Now some of that's just time-driven. Some of these contracts are coming up. Customers have to make the decision. But I think the conversations we're having, Jim, right, are that customers now understand we've had a transformation in energy pricing, and they're locking in deals. 
Joseph Dominguez: I think I've talked a little bit about this before on last quarter's call. I always thought that with the IRA out there, and we were certainly seeing this, it was just going to be hard to pin down valuation. Sellers were always going to want to value the IRA. And we wanted to see the certainty, even though we were cautiously optimistic, and we saw the progress.   So I think what the IRA does is narrows the bid-ask spread by effectively providing a strong price floor under the nuclear units at over $40 a megawatt hour. So that allows us to have conversations that we haven't had before.  In terms of getting into specifics here, you all know that we're focused on acquiring assets, and that's part of the inorganic growth strategy, if the price makes sense to us. And if you see any nuclear plant transacting, I think it's fair to guess that Constellation is going to be involved in that discussion. But I wouldn't describe the pace as increasing or not. I think right now, people are just waiting for this to get done.  And then I think maybe revisiting that question in the third quarter, it'd be interesting to see if there's an uptick in activity. But I think folks have to digest this. They have to understand what it means for their business. And then I think there'll be an opportunity to have a landscape where assets will become available. 
Joseph Dominguez: My thought on that would be that anything we spend in '23 would be relatively modest compared to the amount of cash that we'll be generating as a business. And I think capital in that area would probably scale up more meaningfully in '24. 
Joseph Dominguez: Yes. I think in terms of a U.S. strategy, I think policymakers are right to be focused on incentivizing more production capability in the U.S. I think that's a pretty exciting technology. Bryan Hanson, who runs our fleet, is here. And maybe, Bryan, you could add a little bit of color. 
Joseph Dominguez: David, appreciate your question. We're working through that. The legislation still hasn't gone. We want to see the final language. Even after the legislation is done, there's going to be some elements of it that will be subject to treasury interpretations, where we're going to need some guidance to settle it out. It has -- the first year it's really effective for us is '24, which is outside of our guidance at this point.  But we'll be working through that, quite obviously, and have devoted a good deal and thought to it. But at this point, I don't think we have all the data points yet to say. And secondarily, I just -- I don't want to be in the middle of this legislative discussion talking about profits until we see bills and see how this really translates to our business. 
Joseph Dominguez: Yes, Jonathan, we think it could be either. And that's the way that treasury will ultimately interpret it, either as a hedge or you could do it -- you can take it the spot. But that's -- when I talked earlier about one of the treasury interpretations that we're going to need in the long term to really add certainty, that's one of the things that we're going to look at. The reason -- look, the reason we think that the hedge should be one of the means of setting the value of the PTC is this, the way we've always done business.  And in point of fact, if the IRS was telling us that the only way to guarantee the PTC at its full value is not the hedge and take everything to spot, then we would have to effectively stop participating to a great degree in some of these utility procurements that go out multiple years. And with 33-plus percent of the energy that's being sold in PJM as an example, coming from nuclear, without the participation of nuclear baseload in these auctions, our customers, at the end of the day, families and businesses won't be able to get the certainty through their hedges.  So there's a number of examples where Treasury has used hedge values for for tax purposes. We think those will apply here. There's a lot of good reasons why it should apply to, again, facilitate these load options that all of the utilities seem to have and warrant. And those points will be made to treasury. And I think treasury will certainly accept it at the end of the day, but it's not a done deal just yet. It's one of these open issues. 
Joseph Dominguez: What I said, Jonathan, I apologize if it was on our end. But what I was saying is this, with the IRA, if that were to pass and be enacted in September, we'd want to see a period of time to see how the market reacts. Is the market, in our view, treating us fairly? And does it reflect the enormous transformational value that the bill would have on our business? And so that will drive how we utilize our cash, and that may change the option. So I think we'll see this thing in September.  We'll see fairly quickly how the market reacts. And what I was saying is that we are committed to providing that information before the end of the year. Is that going to happen on the third quarter call or sometime between the third and fourth quarter call? I don't know yet. We haven't made that judgment, but we're going to provide that information. And the year is going to be 2022 in which we're going to provide it. 
Joseph Dominguez: Yes. I think in terms of the long-term value of our assets and our business, the market is going to be able to figure that out fairly readily. I know that the treasury interpretation on the reference point for setting the PTC is an issue, and certainly, in the earlier year of the program, perhaps it's an issue. But in the long term, you're going to be able to look at the number of megawatts we produce and evaluate it against low 40s megawatt hour price, and you're going to have a pretty good sense of what the value of these companies can be. 
Daniel Eggers: Yes, Steve, thanks for the question. So when we talk about our cash tax exposure, I guess, number one, certainly, we're going to be over the $1 billion pretax earnings threshold as we look forward. So we'll qualify it in that sense. We've told you that we expect that our cash tax rate to be moving up from a modest payer this year to be a more meaningful payer next year and the years beyond. When we look at '23, our cash tax rate would be above the AMT under all circumstances. We would expect to be a cash taxpayer, absent the PCC, once that goes in effect in '24, we'll manage the credits to cover our tax liabilities and use the transfer market to monetize those that wouldn't fit and rate the AMT construct. 
Daniel Eggers: I think that's right. We'll keep an eye on all the pieces, but certainly, between the labor deals that we have and the supply contracts, the delays that significantly played out at this point. 
Daniel Eggers: Yes, Dave, I think [ that hard ] point, we just kind of highlight that this is a trend that we haven't seen historically, right? We reiterated our guidance comfortably for the year. So we still feel good that this is going to be a little bit in the friction of the year. So I wouldn't over rotate in it by any means, the origination, as Joe pointed out. We're having good margins on the business as customers are coming back, and they're looking at getting risk priced into those contracts. So we feel good about it. I guess a little bit of something we're keeping eye on for this year, maybe dragging in next year a little bit, but nothing has changed in our disclosures at this point. 
Daniel Eggers: Well, Liz, I want to thank you again for starting the call and your colorful remarks throughout and for all the folks who have listened in and the great questions we've received. So thank you very much, everybody. Have a great day. 
