Mayo Shattuck: Before turning the call over to questions let me conclude with just a few thoughts. The uncertainty of the current commodity environment weighs heavily on everyone on this call. We, however, see opportunity. We have built a company and a strategy with the flexibility to deal with all phases of the commodity cycle, weather and the troughs and harvesting value at the peaks. We are using our excess cash balances and financial stability to further transform Constellation into the leading customer focused merchant generation company. Our first quarter is an important step on the road to realizing this strategic vision. With that, I’ll turn it over for questions.
Mayo Shattuck: You probably prefaced that correctly where it might be a little too early. It’s been a very, very dynamic week on that front. I think that the industry is still very much focused on the end user exemption language and the definition of major swaps, swap dealer and I think we believe that, that’s probably the most important issue; we believe that the intent is actually to have an end user exemption.  We continue to be very much involved in that debate with all constituencies and I think that the industry representatives EEI and others involved in this debate have really spent an enormous amount of productive effort making sure people understand what is an obviously complicated issue. We will not let up on that with the prospect obviously that there are amendments to come and there is a regulatory process and rule making process to come.  I think that it’s going to be important that all of us continue to focus on the intent and I think that we feel that the work done today is going to end up in a place where the industry falls largely under this end user exemption issue.
Mayo Shattuck: Our objectives continue to be the same that we’ve expressed obviously an interest in the Northeast and Texas as being the places where we have the largest load obligations and the least amount of Generation capacity, in the case of Nepool none. We will continue to focus on both regions, those are the highest priorities. We think that during the course of the year there are going to be some opportunities that arise in those regions.
Mayo Shattuck: As we talked about on analyst day, there are a number of issues that we’ve been addressing for close to four years now with respect to knocking off the risk profile of building a new nuclear plant. Certainly one of the big hurdles right in front of us is the loan guarantee process and in fact there’s a little bit of good news in the week in the sense that there seems to be growing support for expanding the volumes underneath the loan guarantee program, hopefully that’ll manifest itself. We have within the last month or so since analyst day just continued in the same path of developing processes to mitigate the other risks that we have associated with the project. Obviously cost over run is an issue that naturally we and our investors would be concerned about. We have a significant partner in all of this looking at the same economic issues and they have other broader aspirations and interests around the world with respect to the development of particularly the French nuclear industry. All of these things are in very active discussion at this point, as you might imagine this is a big year for new nuclear. As we suggested last time we take all of these variables into account in very active discussions with our partner and as those unfold during the course of the year we’ll be as disclosive about that as we can be. I definitely would represent that this is sort of the big year as most of these major risks get consummated and mitigated if we’re to proceed.
Jack Thayer: With respect to margins we continue to see them coming in at the high end of the $5.00 to $7.00 range. To your volumes comment, as you recall, in a declining price environment we have to reserve less collateral against perspective market stresses. In the current environment we see the opportunity to expand the volumes perceptively of the business we’re doing without any impact to the balance sheet or our available net liquidity.
Jack Thayer: The answer to that question is quite simple. This is the amount for the remainder of the year whereas the prior estimate was for a full year so it’s really just the nature of hedges rolling off and impacting the averages.
Jack Thayer: In terms of un-levered returns we’d expect to earn within our targeted range of 8% to 10% on a mid cycle EBITDA we believe we paid seven times EBITDA for the plant and that’s before you consider any of the insurance benefits or business support benefits of the plant for our ERCOT retail activities and wholesale activities.
Jack Thayer: I think in looking at those plants it’s important not just to focus on actual spark spreads but also the ancillary services that these plants provide. They do offer the ability to respond quickly to the intermittency associated with wind. I think on a longer term perspective the fundamentals certainly support an increase in heat rates in ERCOT you’re seeing demand grow there that state is growing faster and participating in the economic recovery to a greater degree than many of the other states in the union.  We do see reserve margins there getting below that 15% threshold that does tend to signal new build responses and in ERCOT it’s going to have to show up in power prices as opposed to capacity that you would see in a market like PJM.
Jack Thayer: That’s correct plus the capacity factor of the plants we would expect it to increase as reserve markets tighten.
Jack Thayer: Your earlier comment about our anticipation of recovery that exceeds current forwards plus the impact on the expected capacity factors that the assets is what makes the acquisition economic. These assets are uniquely leveraged to a recovery particularly given the price we paid for the assets, the transaction is modestly dilutive in ’10 and ’11 and we’d expect it to be break even and accretive in ’12 and beyond.
Jack Thayer: There was an auction process with these assets so if that’s what you mean by being on the market for some period of time. Clearly we won an auction process. I would suggest the secret sauce is the relationship that these assets of forward from a risk management perspective our NewEnergy business so insulating us from the super peak power price exposures and allowing us to hedge those exposures with gas which is far less volatile than the $1,000 per MWH prices we tend to see with some frequency in Texas during low wind, high temperature periods.
Jack Thayer: It certainly insulates or clips the super peak exposure that is uniquely sized in the ERCOT market given their willingness to let power prices send new build signals because they don’t have the capacity market.
Jack Thayer: No. I think at this point given the time span between now and 2012 I don’t think that would be prudent given the open position we maintain and our expectations for a power price recovery.
Jack Thayer: Clearly as we spoke to you and other analysts going into that meeting we acknowledged that prices had come down markedly during the quarter. As you know, we maintain an active investor calendar and so it was no secret that there was going to be some impact on perspective 2011 and beyond earnings if we marked to current market. With respect to the focus of that analyst day it was very much on the new segment outlook and we didn’t want to distract from the focus on the segment reporting and the fundamentals of the business by marking our earnings to market. With respect to what we’ve seen in power prices, we certainly gave you the detail and transparency to make your own assumptions in your models with respect to what the impact could be if you mark those earnings to market. I think we’ve been probably somewhat progressive relative to peers in the industry in acknowledging what the impact of the current forward markets will be on our 2011 earnings relative to peers and beyond. The final point I’d make is while we knew where prices were going to be given that the forwards you see are March 23rd, since that point if you were to market the end of April here we’ve seen a modest recovery from that period of somewhere between 4% and 8% in 2011 if you look at PGM and New York pricings. I don’t know that I would characterize our analyst day and the decision to reduce guidance here today as being addressed in a way that you perhaps described.
Jack Thayer: I think it’s fair to say that with respect to those assets we’ve given you the heat rate, you know the capacity factors that they’ve been running and you can make your own assumptions around what the contributions from those specific assets will be in 2010 and 2011. I did comment earlier that the acquisition is modestly dilutive to ’10 and ’11 EPS and becomes break even to accretive in ’12 and beyond.
Jack Thayer: Basically we used one year Libor strip to calculate the returns on the cash. I don’t think there’s been any meaningful news in Libor in that one year strip period.
Jack Thayer: The short answer is higher than anticipated margins on new originated business and renewal business as well as expectations to grow other aspects of our NewEnergy business.
Jack Thayer: It’s entirely related with the decline in power prices that we’ve seen the collateral we have to reserve against stress scenarios is smaller on a per unit basis which allows us to with our current available liquidity and balance sheet to do a higher volume of business.
Jack Thayer: The reality is once you get out to 2013 there’s not a liquid market. So to the extent that we’re taking actions to forward hedge our fossil generation further out the curve generally that’s done in the PGM market through gas as well as some longer term wholesale obligations. Given the time and duration between now and then we would expect obviously these numbers to change meaningfully each quarter in every year up through 2013 given the normal cadence of hedging in our business.
Jack Thayer: If you think about how we hedge the business the bulk of it is through our NewEnergy business with 18 month customer contracts. If you think about a normal hedging profile we’re hedging our fleet roughly 2.5% each month going through the year in the forward year. That relationship decreases as you get further out the curve given there’s no liquid market really and you have to use proxies to hedge the fleet based on a macro outlook for power prices out the curve.
Kathy Hyle: We’re very pleased with the business opportunities that we’ve seen this past quarter in particular the margin. Volumes, I believe we have in one of the modeling pages and you can see that we’re forecasting I believe 134 TWH of volume, pretty equally split between the retail and the wholesale business for 2010 and that’s pretty consistent with what we shared with you at analyst day.
Kathy Hyle: For 2010 134 is what we think we’re going to do this year as you look out maybe you start thinking about 10 to 12 TWH increase as a range for 2011.
Kathy Hyle: The volumes that we have in the 134 it’s just our current forecast and update and it contemplates whatever activities we’re seeing from the economic cycle and this mix of the business between our wholesale and our retail business. We feel very strong about what we’ve seen in the quarter with respect to new originated business from both a volume and more particularly from a margin standpoint and we feel pretty comfortable with what we’re presenting here today.
