Joe Dominguez: Thanks, Dan. That's a good summary. Folks, this management team remains focused on creating value for our shareholders. Our business is unique, and we continue to have many opportunities in front of us to create incremental value for our investors. As you know, we're the best operator of nuclear plants, and the largest producer of carbon-free electricity in the United States. Our commercial business serves nearly 25% of the competitive C&I market in the United States and is helping our customers, like Microsoft, meet their sustainability goals through products like our hourly matching product. Our businesses are essential to addressing the climate crisis and our assets are durable. The Inflation Reduction Act provides unique opportunities for Constellation and its investors. We believe, we will be able to use nuclear energy to produce hydrogen. We will be able to relicense our nuclear fleet to run at least 80 years without needing to replace it. And the IRA provides, at long last, the long-term commitment that nuclear energy is part of the national security of this great nation. And we have many ways to grow and bring more value to our shareholders. Against the baseline earnings level supported by the PTC floor over the length of the PTC, we will benefit from floor price inflation. If you're a believer that 2% inflation for the U.S. is going to be hard to reach, then you should like this company a great deal. We generate strong free cash flow that can be used to fund robust organic growth at double-digit unlevered returns, disciplined M&A like the STP deal, fund a growing dividend and buyback stock. We're doing all those things already. We've announced a $1.5 billion growth in uprates, hydrogen and wind repowering, doubled the per share dividend and have bought back approximately $500 million of our own stock as part of the authorized $1 billion buyback. And as Dan mentioned, there's more we can do. We have $1.2 billion of unallocated capital in '23 and '24 that can be used to further enhance our earnings growth in the ways that I've outlined. Constellation is in unique form that cannot be matched anywhere in the marketplace. Our large clean carbon-free nuclear fleet paired with our customer-facing business provides us with opportunities to grow and create value for our shareholders. And that's what we're focused on. Now, Dan and I and the rest of the management team, look forward to your questions.
Joe Dominguez: Yes. Let me - kind of go at it a little backwards and cover your second question first. So, when you think about the time match product we just sold to Microsoft. It's the same sort of product that is going to enable also - the hydrogen production at a customer location, right? So, if you have a refinery, a processing center, if you're distributing hydrogen, and you don't want to make it, for example, behind the fence line of a nuclear plant transported, you can cite the electrolyzer directly at the customer's location. And then, we would sell that customer, time-matched clean energy that would allow that customer to get the tax credit, and we would earn some of the value of that tax credit and the transaction in these longer-term deals that Jim is talking about. So, it can be a separate product. It can be sold. The 24/7 product can be sold to a Microsoft like company for sustainability reasons, but it could also be sold to enable hydrogen production at the customer location, so-called grid connected hydrogen. In terms of how we see the current discussions going on in treasury, let me just start with this, Steve. The language of statute is clear that existing nuclear plants are allowed to earn a tax credit for producing hydrogen. There's no other way to read it. And frankly, when Congress intends something like, for example, only new resources would be allowed to earn the tax credit, Congress is well aware of how to write that and explain that in the statute. I think Senators Manchin, Senator Carper, who just came out very publicly this week, are exactly right that there was never an agreement on additionality, let alone even a discussion of additionality when this bill was passed. And so to the extent from a regulatory standpoint, people intend to impose that requirement, we believe it will be defeated in court. But I don't think we're going to get there. We're having very productive conversations with the administration about means of addressing this from a regulatory standpoint, so that existing nuclear can begin to be used to make hydrogen and relicensed nuclear plants would effectively count as new. I think those conversations are productive, not only, because Democratic allies in Congress are saying what they're saying about this never came up in the process. But also the fact that think about it, with nuclear, the other tiers of the strategy they're trying to achieve, time match, geographic matching already are there. We could do that immediately tomorrow. We could start having these contracts and electrolytes which running on time match regionally matched electricity. And we're going to have to do this, because for things like the EPA regulations that I mentioned earlier. That say, for example, that existing natural gas should blend with hydrogen, you'll never ever create that much hydrogen by the deadlines that EPA is seeking unless you allow these existing resources to begin making hydrogen with megawatts that, frankly, are in surplus at different times of the year. So look, I think we've made all of those arguments. We continue those discussions. I don't want to get into the nitty-gritty on these calls of the exact content of those discussions, because I think it will be counterproductive. But I feel confident. And if at the end of the day, those discussions don't go the way we expect, then we'll use the Board's to achieve the line. And I'm quite confident that we will be successful.
Joe Dominguez: Yes, Shar. I'm not even to the second one because, frankly, I think the claims are meritless and will be discussed by a court. To the extent we find any extra capital in our plan, we'll use it for the things we've talked about, double-digit growth opportunities. And if they don't happen, and we don't have any inorganic growth opportunities at that time, we're going to look to deploy value back to our owners. And Dan and I have not been shy about saying, we very much like the value of the company, and buying back shares at these price levels. As I said it on the first quarter call, when the price was in the 70s that we would buy all day long at those prices, and I feel the same way today.
Joe Dominguez: Yes. Sure. Shar, let me give - let me introduce you to Dave Dardis, our General Counsel, who negotiated the provisions of that agreement and is best to answer the details question.
Joe Dominguez: Yes. I think there's some bits of good developments. So, I'm going to turn it over to Kathleen Barron who Heads Strategy and will share for us to give an update on.
Joe Dominguez: Well, thanks again, everybody, for joining the call. We'll end the call now and get back to work. Have a great day.
Dan Eggers: Correct. Yes, Steve. The way we've approached that slide is we refresh it, once a year when we give our full plan for numbers. So the metrics are in there, I'll tell you that, yes given the strength in earnings this year that would certainly look favorable, before we put STP and time to watch. So that - we do not include updates to our numbers in credit metrics or the cash available as we go through the years. So favorability, we've seen in '23 and '24 would be added to the numbers we talk about.
Dan Eggers: Hi, Dave. This is Dan. On the nuclear fuel side, we laid out on the fourth quarter earnings call that we were procuring fuel to make sure that even if we were to not have our rush deliveries executed on, we'd have enough fuel how to use through 2028. I can tell you these actions have continued to deliver on schedules. We're in a better position than we were coming into the year. We're very happy about that. I feel very confident about - the confident in all of our deliveries. As we look out, we'll continue to execute on that plan. We also shared with you that you having up to 2028, our nuclear fuel cost will still be below $6 a megawatt an hour through our income statement, and that remains on track. So that's all in good shape. As far as O&M is concerned, we are on plan, I'd say, with our core O&M that Joe hit on in his prepared remarks, you'll see a bit of an increase in our disclosures. That has to do with profit sharing and other incentives associated with the significant outperformance we're having in 2023. When you look at 2024 in that same table, you'll see that will be consistent with year-end. So, we're of course comfortable with our projections.
Dan Eggers: Paul, I think we're probably not going to be in a place to give you specifics on cash tax rate. There's a lot of things that are going to move period-to-period with CapEx, plus depreciation, our timing of the cash taxes that Exelon is to load back, they still owes us at this point in time. There's a lot of pieces that will go into it as well as the PTC timing. So, I probably wouldn't isolate its one particular issue. I think the forecasts we have are pretty solid at this point in time.
Dan Eggers: I think there could be an opportunity when we look at our cash tax go over time to get more effective, and this could be a good use of it.
James McHugh: Sure. Yes. Thanks, Joe. And Steve, I think adding some color on the duration of the contracts, if you think about in addition - to the contract as we sign is the duration of the customer. We tend to hold customers for at least five years when once we get them signed up when you think about retention. So that's another sign towards durability. I think, the macro trends on volatility with - has load and electrification hit and low growth continues or starts to really pick up. Combining with the supply side changes that Joe talked about on the intermittent seen and other things on the generation side, volatility in multiple of these markets, we think, is going to continue in the next several year window, PJM, Texas, New England, New York. So, I think that optimization activity is durable also. And then - to me, the last thing I would add is the year, as you talked about '23 and we've talked about '24. We definitely see some of this margin also now going into 2025 as we sign up these customers, and the activity we're seeing in the market. So, we expect that to be there over the next few years on the gross margin optimization also. And then, the macro trend of sustainability products is something that you add to that as it scales in the future. We've talked about our core product quite a bit with you all. The amount of volumes, we're seeing there and the margins have been continuing to grow. And now we have the possibility with hourly CFE, carbon-free energy matching to look at the next wave of sustainability products to get our customers signed up for longer terms and for decent margins. So, we're feeling good about the sustainability environment, and it really does start with the balance sheet. Our competitiveness is there. I think others in this interest rate environment with the collateral costs and the borrowing costs hit, quite do what we can do. So, I think it's - we're feeling good about it.
James McHugh: I would start with wholesale load customers, too. I know you've had a focus on our retail customer base. But on the wholesale side, we've also had decent really good strong performance in wholesale loads. Whether that be load auctions to utility companies, but also structured origination contracts with other large entities and municipals and co-ops. So, we've seen the ability to go sign up customers for load contracts on the wholesale side, too. So that's part of the wholesale story. The second one is on the optimization activity, to your point, is really been around kind of this volatility assessment. And just the decisions we need to make every hour, every day, every month, every week, as you see the price movements and load and weather movements where we can kind of optimize the portfolio, by setting up the imbalances in the right way of where our generation is, and where our load delivered contracts are. So that's been also a significant driver of it. So that is the one we're saying, we expect to continue, because we've had this track record when you see these markets moving around and being volatile. This is where we've seen this before. This isn't kind of the first time, we've seen wholesale success in volatile markets. And we just expect that these markets are going to continue to exhibit this behavior, based on just the changing stack dynamics. So, I think its customer business and optimization activity, both that are driving that.
James McHugh: Yes. Paul, it's Jim. They are coming from Constellation nuclear plants. And the geography how we are matching and the geography are both pieces of the nuclear plants that will source the hours by which Microsoft will buy nuclear power from us.
