Dan Eggers: Thank you, Joe and good morning, everyone. Beginning on Slide 8, we earned $658 million in adjusted EBITDA, which is above our plan for the first quarter. The favorability to our expectations came with the strong results of Commercial plus the updates the PJM winter bonus payment as we have gotten more clarity from PJM. Compared to the first quarter of 2022, our results were lower than the $866 million in adjusted EBITDA. Our quarterly shaping in 2023 will differ from last year in part due to our hedge prices that are higher than last year, the comparability will be impacted by the start of the CMC program in June of 2022; timing of opportunities in the commercial business; the greater number of planned refueling outages in the first half of this year compared to last year; and the shaping of O&M. In 2022, we saw ramping labor costs over the course of the year as we staffed the organization. The difference in staffing levels and costs will be widest in the first quarter and then normalize as we move through this year. As Joe said, we remain committed to our 2023 O&M targets. For the full year, as Joe commented earlier, we expect to be comfortably in the top half of our guidance range of $2.9 billion to $3.3 billion. Turning to Slide 9 and our gross margin outlook, we are now forecasting to be at $100 million in both 2023 and 2024. Overall, forward power prices in 2023 and 2024 have seen downward pressure since year-end, following the record warm winter that has created an oversupply situation in natural gas markets. Our existing hedges and the nuclear PTC support in 2024 effectively mitigate much of this pressure. When we look to 2025 and beyond where we are comparably less hedged, we see prices at or above year-end levels, reflecting natural gas prices that are normalizing in the low $4 per Mcf range and tightening supply-demand dynamics with announced plant retirements that are further supporting power prices. The upside to gross margins is then coming from the strength in our Commercial business, where we are seeing better margins as risk is being more effectively priced given market volatility and higher liquidity requirements. For 2023, our gross margin forecasts are up $100 million to $8.45 billion, due to our existing hedges, strong performance by our Commercial team and the increased payment from PJM associated with Winter Storm Elliott. These drivers more than offset the weather-driven downturn in prices since year-end. As a reminder, the power new business/to go line moves into the mark-to-market of hedges line, when a transaction is executed with this road naturally declining, as we move through time and deliver on our plan. So in the first quarter, we executed $250 million of new business and then increased our target by another $50 million translating into the $200 million reduction in the new business/to go line. In 2024, our total gross margin including PTCs is up $100 million from our last update to $9.05 billion when we take into account upward revisions to our Commercial business outlook of $100 million, our hedge positions and the PTC downside protection of $100 million. With the drop in forward power prices, the PTC is functioning as it should stepping in to provide downside protection as some of our non-state-supported units fell below the PTC threshold. Taking into account the increase in gross margin and the cost lines we show on Slide 25 in the appendix, you can see that our outlook for 2024 is also higher than the consensus. Turning to the financing and liquidity update on Slide 10, we are delivering on our promise to return value to our shareholders. Our first quarter dividend has doubled from the level we paid in 2022 and we started our $1 billion share repurchase program that was authorized by the Board in mid-February. We view our stock as very attractive at these share price levels and we aggressively initiated our share buyback completing nearly 25% of the authorized program by repurchasing 3.2 million shares for approximately $250 million in March. We will continue to be opportunistic for the remainder of the authorized program. And we still have an additional $2 billion of unallocated capital in 2023 and 2024, that could be used to create additional shareholder value through growth investments, M&A or additional return of capital to our owners. In the first quarter, we also accomplished most of our financing plans for the year with good demand and at attractive rates. We remain on track to hit our credit metric targets and we continue to have constructive conversations with the ratings agencies. Both our S&P and Moody's ratings and metrics remain firmly in the mid- to high BBB equivalent range. I'll now turn the call back to Joe for his closing remarks. 
Dan Eggers: Yes. Shar, this is Dan. I think if you look into the sensitivity -- good morning -- the sensitivity table on page 23, you can see the moves up or down would affect both NiHub and the PJM West fleets which would suggest that we're having plans in both markets where at the bus [ph] they're going to be able to be below the PTC threshold. We've already picked up there. Remember that our PTC sensitivity is only for the plants who do not have state support. So to narrow that down, right, it's going to be LaSalle in the Midwest and then Limerick Peach and Calvert in the East. So it is affecting on both sides. And you can see the sensitivity to prices there which also is a useful tool for you guys to desensitize your models.
Dan Eggers: Hey, Paul. Good morning. I think that, Joe talked about the uprate. I was asked earlier, we're looking at a number of growth opportunities that take a little time to manifest so we're going to continue to work through those. We continue to look at the market for potential M&A opportunities. I think nuclear generally, comes to the top of that list and we're going to be pretty focused there. We have the $750 million of buyback, to work our way through. I think we have a little time to get through there. And we'll continue to analyze, both the scope of opportunity and then -- when we can put that out. So, I'm not going to give you an exact timeline, but we're certainly keeping a close eye on how quickly, we can deploy opportunities that come through there. 
Dan Eggers: No, I'm not going to -- I'm kind of not in the place to give you a specific unit or price comparison because of the bus part [ph] differences of the plants. What I would say, you can look back at the sensitivities on 2023 at a plus or minus $5 movement and you can see how much the PTC would change from where we are. So you could price out, on those effectively four plants somewhat you could price out, how much move you would have to get the PTC back to zero. That's probably the best way of thinking about it right now. 
Joe Dominguez: Thanks, Dan. And I'm going to go to Slide 11 and conclude our prepared remarks. And I'll just end where I started on the value that Constellation brings to you our shareholders. We think it's a value that can't be found anywhere else. We own nearly 25% of the US nuclear fleet, producing the most carbon-free energy in the country, nearly twice as much as our next competitor. These plants can run for 80 years. That's a useful life, that's longer than any other carbon-free generation that exists today. In the case of renewables, it will operate longer than any renewables that are built in this decade. We're the best operator of nuclear plants period. And we provide, power to nearly quarter of all competitive C&I customers in the U.S. including three-fourth of the Fortune 100. All of this puts us in the best position, to meet the growing demand for clean energy and reliable sustainable products. Our balance sheet strength is an advantage over others in the market. We have unique opportunities to create additional value for our shareholders, the increasing value of the PTC overtime through the inflation adjustment that's embedded in the law and our strong free cash flow allows us to fund a growing dividend robust organic growth. And where we could find compelling M&A, we'll do it. But if we can't find those opportunities then we're happy to return capital to you, through share buybacks. I'll now open the call to questions.
Joe Dominguez: Yeah. I think the financial retail and wholesale markets and in-turn margin is really a reflection of the underlying physical power generation stack and the demand fundamentals. And when we see that physical stack get tight, when it's under weather-related stress or demand is increasing then we see higher volatility and markedly higher retail and wholesale prices. Of course, we all know this relationship between the physical stack and the financial markets and the weather events in Elliott, Uri and many other unnamed storms demonstrate that effect all throughout year. But the physical stack is undergoing a rapid change from coal-fired resources that are less reliable, because they don't have on-site fuel or introduce intermittency risk in the case of renewables. And so that physical stack is changing today. And today I think when you participate in either the retail markets or the wholesale markets you have to ask yourself, really three basic questions. Do I have physical generation? Is it the kind of physical generation that's going to show up in extreme events? And do I have the financial balance sheet to deal with negative outcomes? Many folks, who haven't asked those questions historically, have been hurt. Some driven out of business entirely, but this is where I think our fleet really shines. This is where our business model really shines. Because we have the physical assets that operate in extreme weather events, they're clean energy assets that are going to live for a long time and our Commercial business is both smart and benefited by the fact that we have a strong balance sheet. So in effect we have physical generation that runs. We have a Commercial business that has a competitive advantage of others. And so when others see risk of volatility, they add those costs into the price that they're willing to offer in wholesale and retail markets, because we don't have those risks, that translates into incremental margins in our businesses. And so that's what we're seeing. I think that's really been the story of the first quarter. And really it's been an evolving story. I think it's going to continue for some time. At some point people don't price in risk, and they'll get hurt again. But right now they're pricing in the risk. And for us that's margin expansion, because we have the right fleet and the right business model.
Joe Dominguez: Yes. Steve, we're obviously not putting numbers out there for 2025. But, yes, this trend doesn't end in 2024.
Joe Dominguez: Steve, at this point we just see that as kind of -- it's hard to use the word normal, but the political back and forth that's occurring. But I don't think there's any prospect that President Biden is going to cut or gut the IRA to deal with this issue. And at the end of the day we're confident it will get solved.
Joe Dominguez: Nothing that we're ready to announce today, Steve. But to your point, we are working through some other opportunities and we think there will be.
Joe Dominguez: No, Shar, the only thing I'd say on that, we've -- those conversations have continued to evolve, nothing unexpected. There's nothing that is different about the way they're looking at it than the way we're looking at it based on the conversations we've had. We just haven't -- those agreements haven't been memorialized and in some cases might not get memorialized until after the guidance is actually issued, because it's -- obviously, we still have a whole year really to go before we get to it. But I think those conversations are progressing very well.
Joe Dominguez: Yes. No, it will -- the formal guidance come on the fourth quarter call. But Paul, what we've been trying to do with these new disclosures is to kind of give you all of the moving pieces, which will update quarter-to-quarter. So you'll see the formal guidance, but you can start to piece together the story obviously. 
Joe Dominguez: Good. Sure. But it would mean that the other opportunity sets that we've talked about whether that be organic or inorganic growth opportunities, did materialize in the time frame. We have -- and we understand it's kind of a short time period to execute in 2023 and 2024 on those opportunities. And if they don't occur, as I said in the prepared remarks, all day long we'd buy the stock price at this level. 
Joe Dominguez: Well, thanks again, for joining. It really has been kind of a remarkable quarter and the progress we've seen in the business, that points to really a nice outcome for us this year, and next is very exciting to all of us. So we look forward to our next quarterly call, and we'll conclude the call. Thank you. 
