Kathleen Hyle: So the growth in the fourth quarter was primarily retail and across the Power business in the fourth quarter.
Kathleen Hyle: For forward-looking, there's a half a dozen things that are driving that group. One is the markets are growing, so we talked about Pennsylvania, Ohio, Illinois, Michigan, Caps, and maybe Arizona. KEMA, put out a retail energy outlook published in late January and they state that they expect the '10 to '11 period to be one of the largest growth periods for competitive power sales and we certainly have seen that where we've seen volume growth of over 30% year-over-year in 2010, and we kind of expect to see 2011 levels to be very good. Second issue is we've got this national platform that is different than anyone else and we can really drive growth through that national platform. As Jack mentioned, for the first time, we truly have a unified sales force. We've got -- we're selling commodities with one sales force. We've got products specialists, We've got quotas and our compensation is aligned to those expectations. With a scalable model, we've completed in 2010, our systems integration. We've got one system and we really are on the brink of being able to realize true scalability. We've got the breadth of our product offerings, so with Solar, Energy Efficiency, Demand response, Information Management, that allows us to deepen our customer relationships and that drives renewal rates and profitability. And lastly, we are supporting all of this with investment dollars for greater training, education and marketing support. So that's really the fundamental reasons why we're seeing the growth in the business, Angie.
Kathleen Hyle: This is Kathy Hyle. It is similar on the gas side, but really one of the more important things really is the unified sales force and we're getting one sales force that's truly selling both. Larger power sales force now has the ability to sell gas.
Kathleen Hyle: Yes, we have given you ranges, 5% to 7% for retail, 2% to 4% for wholesale. We certainly expect to be within those ranges over our planning period.
Kathleen Hyle: It's primarily deeper customer penetration, although certainly the CPower acquisition gives us a formidable position with the demand response. But as we are seeing and you saw great results in the Solar business, where we sold 36 megawatts to customers this year; we expect that to continue. The Energy Efficiency has been a little bit slower in 2010 than we would like, but we're starting to feel very good about that ramping up and it really is just this breadth of product offerings that we're seeing in our customers and being able to penetrate those customers more deeply.
Kathleen Hyle: We really are on the brink of scalability right now. I can't say enough about what it means to have us all, all the retail platform being on one system and the ability for us to really drive and leverage this business and you're going to start to see that over the next couple of years.
Jonathan Thayer: Sure, Angie, this is Jack. We do anticipate and we include in here our fundamental view that capacity prices will decline in the '14, '15 auctions in Southwest MAAC relative to the '13, '14 planning years capacity price clearing. And just as you think about a sensitivity to that, if prices were to go down by $10 million, that results in about $7 million gross margin hit in 2014 and about $11 million in '15. So as you recall, its back-end weighted to the '15 planning period. Obviously, if prices were to go up, then we would see the inverse of that happen.
Jonathan Thayer: What's embedded is a lower number, but you'll recall that the impact of that is roughly five months of the year.
Jonathan Thayer: Well, obviously with the close of the Boston Generating assets, we used a significant portion of that cash balance in the opening week of 2011. With respect to the cash on hand, as we've guided you before across the businesses, we'd like to keep roughly $600 million of cash on hand at any given time. As we do expect, the Quail Run facilities sale to close in generally the end of the first quarter, maybe early in the second quarter. But that would increase the cash balance by $180 million or so and we would look to use those cash proceeds to grow our business and that could be in the form of generating acquisitions or it could be growing the NewEnergy business.
Jonathan Thayer: $0.10 of that mark-to-market was in the fourth quarter and will realize the offsetting position, primarily in 2011, but some '12 and '13.
Jonathan Thayer: I would say, Brian, you have sort of two offsetting moves. One, obviously we do add the Boston Generating facilities, but prices have gone down. Therefore, as we calculate in that lower-priced environment, the benefit from generating capacity and offsetting collateral postings or the potential need to post in extreme events goes down.
Jonathan Thayer: I think it's more fundamentally the demand statistics that have come out from PJM and their recent guidance are lower. That's offset in part by a higher cost of new entry charge, but that clearly doesn't make up for the difference.
Jonathan Thayer: I'd say, Ameet, on 32, it's really -- this is just for presentation sake. This is not the number that is included in our generation hedged disclosure.
Jonathan Thayer: Dan, as you know, we sell the power from our generating fleet to our NewEnergy business, who in turn hedges externally. Typically in any given year, as we roll into a new year, so let's move forward to stay were at this time, next year in 2012. We would anticipate being anywhere from 80% to 100% hedged depending on our bullishness or bearishness on pricing. What we've seen certainly in the 2011 period as you get closer to the delivery year, the more fundamental physical elements of plants actually needing to make money to run have caused dark spreads to increase, as we've gotten closer to delivery, we'd anticipate similar occurrences in 2012 as we get closer.
Jonathan Thayer: I would say we are at the lower end of the range, which we'd be hedged for 2012. I generally like to about 60% to 80% hedged in the current year plus one, and we’re just right at the lower end of that range.
Jonathan Thayer: Sure, John, as you know, we've seen both because of the Australian flooding, but also global demand for, as you mentioned, CAP coal coming out of China, India and other markets. We have seen Central App coal move higher roughly to $80 a ton. I think our expectation is that you will continue to see a healthy bid for coal in the market and that will elevate overall from a fundamental point of view overall power prices as coals on the margin and good portions of the day here in Southwest MAAC. With respect to our hedging statistics. If you look at our coal hedging, you can see that we're really trying to sustain more of the dark spread exposure as opposed to power price exposure. We're only 9% hedged in 2013, in this current environment where you do have higher prices and if there is the risk of potentially locking in higher-priced coal and exposing yourself to declining prices should that happen. Then obviously that increases the risk we're trying to manage that by appropriately aligning our fossil hedges and our coal hedges.
Jonathan Thayer: It depends on the assets. Certainly, at our Brandon Shores and Keystone and Conemaugh facilities, those are the largest baseloads. We're primarily earning the Central App coal. We do have the ability to blend in at certain other facilities, PRB and other, and we can burn some Illinois Basin.
Jonathan Thayer: Interestingly enough, I think, on a valuation perspective, let me start there. Obviously, this is a negative drag on earnings and to extent you're applying a multiple to something that looks more akin to debt, or a hedge, an underwater hedge that rolls off. I think you're probably overstating the negative impact on the overall earnings capabilities of the enterprise. The tolls themselves largely five-year deals where we have tolls where we deliver gas when we get the power. We have seen an uptick and you'll see this in our Generation stats, an uptick in our expectations of how much in Q4 we expect in terms of output. From those facilities, but nevertheless, certainly not at the heat rates that we would have expected in a much higher gas environment in 2008 when we entered into the long-dated contracts for them.
Jonathan Thayer: Neel, I'd say on the gas side, as Kathy mentioned. As we sell -- as we increasingly sell gas and power through a unified sales force, our expectation is that we will pick up incremental sales. We also did enter into a new gas supply agreement that is more attractively priced. So we also believe that, that should also help us be more competitive in the markets. On the customer power and gas side, as we mentioned earlier in the presentation, we are investing significant dollars in growing our mass markets channels. And obviously those investment dollars in '11 really start to pull through in 2012, as we benefit from the growth of that business, as well as ideally market expansion as the Illinois Power Authority contract rolls off and that market opens up a as well as others.
Jonathan Thayer: Really would bifurcate that into two things. One, as we mentioned, this now includes the CPower acquisition, which obviously wouldn't show up in volumes, assets, demand response. So there is increased expense associated with the inclusion of that business. As you did reference and as I previously did, the investment dollars associated with marketing Constellation Electric, as a mass markets provider are the other key driver in the '11 and '12 increase. In terms of the overall scalability, the platform that we previously discussed, we continue to believe that, that is the key competitive advantage that we're just beginning to realize.
Jonathan Thayer: I tend to be an EBITDA person myself. I think as we talked previously, gross margin depending on the customer class, if you're earning $5 to $7 from a residential retail customer that’s obviously not that great. If you're earning it from someone like Verizon, that can be fantastic. So we don't believe the gross margin is really a good measure of the overall profitability of each customer relationship, which in part is why we went to this level of disclosure and re-segmented the business. So I think from our end, if you look at the analyst community, there's a range of values that's applied to the EBITDA in the business. I would say our hope is as we shift on more bundled non-commodity-driven sale right now, we're about 13%. Our goal would be to get about 20% of our overall sales being from non-commodity-related activities. I guess the high end of the street is probably 6x EBITDA multiple in that business. If we are contracting for 20-year solar arrangements with our customers and long-dated energy efficiency relationships and automated load control that makes it a very sticky relationship with our customer. We believe that as an annuity-like and a highly-recurring business, where we are providing our customers with very valuable services that can't get elsewhere on a bundled basis. And we think that should merit a higher multiple.
