Jack Thayer: As I mentioned on the call we’ve retained a 50% hedge ratio, which is definitely lower than some of our peers in 2012 for exactly the issue that you point out. The economics for some of these more marginal plants is becoming challenged. Now fortunately for our assets, they’re located in capacity regions that still make them economic, and continuing their operations is important for the reliability of the Southwest MAC zone. But we are anticipating that other generators who are facing similar issues, who do not have that capacity benefit, will start to… Given the view that the EPA is going to be more aggressive in their standards as well as current economics, that firms are going to start to think hard about shutting down some of their smaller, older coal units. And we think that’ll be a positive for the revenue side of the equation further out the curve.
Jack Thayer: Angie, good morning, this is Jack. I’ll take that one. So if you think about our segment accounting, we have CENG. With the shift in the PPA from a firm to a unit contingent contract, and I believe as part of the 13D EDF reported that that’s at a 4% discount. We will see revenues go down at CENG, so effectively revenues go down on the revenue generation segment although CENG shows up as equity in earnings. And you will see costs of goods sold effectively or gross margin go up at our New Energy segment. Cost of goods sold down.
Jack Thayer: Angie, I think it’s important to note, and this is why we believe the segmented disclosure is important: we look at this as a business with many sales channels. And we have the flexibility, depending on margins that we see in a variety of sales channels, to dial up or dial down that activity across the platform. So I do believe that over time you’re going to see consistent growth and performance out of that business, but you’ll see the full P&L effect, not the constituent sales channel data.
Jack Thayer: I think it’s, given the range that we provide that incorporates the potential for prices to move and it’s still within the range.Ameet Thakkar – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Thank you, sir.
Jack Thayer: Raza, with respect to hedges and other things, I think as you know we do hedge far out the curve, and we do lock in some of these activities. And what you’re seeing on slide 22 is current forward market curves. And with respect to what you see in our outlook on 7, it’s really based on the average hedge price that we’re seeing. We can go into more detail offline if you’d like to run through the numbers.
Jack Thayer: Similar to the, I guess driven by the earlier comments that I had – what you see is we’re less hedged than some of our peers, and what I’d say is we are active in the hedge market and we actively manage via portfolio management, and we leverage some of the what we perceive to be quite low dark spreads in power prices during the quarter to effectively buyback or de-designate hedges against our fleet to make it more open to the extent that a recovery is in the outlook.
Jack Thayer: I think that certainly we consider basis but it’s more an issue of the relative dark spreads either approaching zero or going south of zero; and our expectations that as we move closer to realization, that the more consistent phenomenon that we see is that people behave more economically and will bid their plans economically, and will make decisions that drive those dark spreads to widen.
Jack Thayer: Good morning.Neel Mitra – Simmons & Company International: I just had a question on slide 7, the generations earning outlook. The capacity revenue in 2013 looks like it’s $344 million, and in your September 29th presentation it looked like that number was $366 million. The numbers haven’t materially changed for 2010 through 2012, and I was just wondering what was driving that change for 2013.
Jack Thayer: Paul, I think as I mentioned earlier in the call, the unit contingent aspect of that contract really starts hitting in ‘12, but more significantly in ‘13 and ‘14. As you know we give guidance out through ‘11 at this point. It certainly is factored into our guidance or at least our generation statistics for 2012, but its impact is almost negligible.
Jack Thayer: The impact, I don’t believe that it’s included in that. It’s just not that meaningful as to be outside the range that we’ve given New Energy in ‘12. We’ll update as we roll into the new year and roll forward; the New Energy guidance into ‘13 will reflect that outlook.
Jack Thayer: Well, we’re obviously happy to work through this offline, but I think the right way to think about it is the nature of the contract with CENG is that they sold roughly 95% of their output to their two respective partners. We get in 2013 and ‘14 we’re on a glide path to getting 85% of that 95%. And EDF gets the remaining 15%, so there’s roughly 5% that’s sold at the spot market and then we get 85% of the remainder. If you think about the megawatt hours that are open that aren’t covered by the GNA PPA, as well as the Nine Mile 2 RSA then you can get to a number that pencils out to what the impact is.
Jack Thayer: I think the important part is when we characterize the settlement that in our view we’ve captured value that’s roughly economically equivalent to had we exercised the put asset. As you point out, avoiding the cost of the wind down at UniStar is a non-trivial component of that, and then with respect to the other elements – the contractual relationships, the other financial terms – that plus the $250 million of tangible value we think gets to that equivalency. You do point out an important element which is in agreeing to the settlement we did avoid litigation with EDF. Hard to quantify the distraction that that would have been in diverging our focus from our core efforts to grow the New Energy business and expand our generation fleet. We don’t consider that in the equivalency concept, so I think we would view that as incremental benefit or avoided detriment. And we think it was the right thing to do.
Jack Thayer: I’d say your near-term number’s light. Our number’s more, it’s closer to $70 million. Your longer term number of $100 million is in the ballpark.
Jack Thayer: I think the way I characterized that is if you think about Generation underpinning our activities, we’re roughly at about a 50% to 60% match at the moment. We think in this low price environment with low-unit bar and more upside than downside exposure as being an area where sustaining that’s probably the right way to think about that. So to the extent that we’re able to add the incremental megawatt hours from Boston Gen. we do believe that that would facilitate the potential to go and grow the New Energy volumes to the extent we see attractive margins that we can earn in the variety of markets that we’re active, not just New England.Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. So to be clear, if you want to keep that 50% to 60% mix, that would be sort of the rough run rate in terms of what incremental value or volume should be, assuming that acquisition happens.
Jack Thayer: I would say that with respect to the write down, it was purely a write down for GAAP purposes so it really doesn’t impact- We didn’t pay incremental taxes when we wrote up the value of CENG. We’re not realizing tax benefits by writing down. It’s merely a GAAP- As you recall we don’t consolidate CENG, so it’s purely a GAAP element, not a tax element.
Jack Thayer: With respect to the going forward, given the life of the assets- Let me get back to you on that. I want to make certain that I’m capturing the right D&A impact. But we’ll follow up with you offline on that.
Jack Thayer: It’s really, to the extent that you designate hedges it shows up in the accrual books, so we’ll realize that benefit in ‘12 and beyond as it shows up as effectively a lower cost to serve.
Jack Thayer: I think you may be confusing two issues. The $0.20 issue was related to the contract novation we had for our coal and freight business in the UK. As you recall in the Q1 we had a $0.20 gain; we said it would be offset by a $0.20 loss. This is that, and effectively it’s a net break even and that ends our impact with respect to–
Jack Thayer: Yeah, I do. I think with respect, it’s really corporate allocations, so some of the different ways in which we’re handling credit facility fees that are driving that shift.
Jack Thayer: Well really not at this time. Obviously we’re aware of the issue and thinking through the impact on our business, but as far as quantifying it we’re not in a position to do so.
Kathy Hyle: Good morning. So the volume mix, and the good thing about the new reporting package is that you see the P&L and you see the volumes or how we’re thinking about the volumes for retail and wholesale. And we consciously spend time thinking about where the switch market is going, what our win rates are, what our market share will be. And you may recall on the retail side, we really, these are customers that are very, very sticky and we have a retention rate that approaches 80%, and we work very hard to maintain that for the repeatable earnings. On the wholesale side it’s much more of a counter-party business, and that’s a business that we can dial up or dial down much more easily as we think about our collateral, our liquidity, usage, etc. So you may see some shifts between the businesses but the good news with the segment reporting is that you’ll see that as our thoughts change.
Kathy Hyle: So as you can see, in back of the additional modeling for the retail business, our margins or the margins we originated in business for the quarter were in that 5 to 7 range, so we came in at 534 for the quarter. And we feel pretty good about that. I would point you to the P&L that we’re providing you, so I’d like us to start looking at- I think it’s really good to be able to look at the fullness of the P&L and see how as we’re growing this business we’re able to leverage our cost structure and drive earnings.
Kathy Hyle: So six months from now, the percentage of load contracted would be somewhere in the 50% range. As far as the markets that we’re targeting, we’re targeting all of the open markets. We are widely balanced, geographically balanced in this business and as we look at switching rates that are improving and as we look at other markets that are providing a level of opening we think we built in our market share expectations and that’s the growth that you’re seeing.Ameet Thakkar – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay, and sorry, one last question. And Jack, your EBIDTA for generation looked like it declined a little over $30 million. I just was wondering how the EPS segments from generation for the ‘11 guidance wasn’t lowered.
Kathy Hyle: And if I could just add quickly, we do use gas to hedge in some cases, and so sometimes- And as we think about what we’ve seen in heat rate expansion, and as we unwind we use gas sometimes from a liquidity standpoint and then we’ll replace with power, and sometimes that can have an impact to those actual hedge prices as heat rates expand.
Kathy Hyle: Well just the retail landscape is very competitive, and low pricing markets and maybe more importantly low volatility markets, which we’ve been seeing for the past year; and I think we’ve told you historically that when there is low volatility that does put some pressure on margins, and I think we are certainly seeing that. It’s a very competitive landscape. We have some very strong competitors. We’ve seen the top five shift around a little bit with First Energy moving up into that top five realm, but we feel very good about our offerings and our renewal rates are consistent and holding to what we’ve seen historically. Our win rates are consistent and holding, and we feel very good about the competitiveness of the marketplace.
Raza Hadasi – Decade Capital: Thank you very much. If I look at slide 7, your non-nuclear gross margin, $119 million plus the capacity piece of $344 million is $463 million, and that compares to last quarter of $596 million – it’s down about $130 million. Yet it seems on slide 22 that your assumed PJM/Wesson New York power prices only went down $2 to $3 and your total generation is up 15 terawatt hours. I would have thought the decline there would have been more like $40 million or $50 million but it went down $130 million. So I’m just trying to figure out why it went down as much as it did.
Raza Hadasi – Decade Capital: Okay, great. Yeah, that’d be helpful. And then just a second question on slide 22, I noticed that the non-nuclear plants’ hedge percentage went to 19% and it was 24% last quarter. But the average hedge price went up a couple bucks. I’m just wondering why the percentage hedged went down.
Raza Hadasi – Decade Capital: Okay. And were there any, just lastly were there any gains booked during the quarter in terms of hedge management or anything of that nature? I think there’s a lot of disclosure in the press release – sorry, I couldn’t go through all of it.
Mayo Shattuck: I might just add to that, that what we’re seeing on the East Coast is really just the nascent development of the residential markets that just comes from all of the utilities coming off of their long-time rate freezes, education from a policy standpoint really beginning to take hold, and most prominently there actually being headroom. So between the states it’s a pretty interesting phenomenon that Maryland is now close to being 15%, 16% switched up from very much single digits probably even 18 months ago. Pennsylvania is switching quite fast. New Jersey is really at the front end, so we’re in single digits in New Jersey, but in all of these cases the headroom is there, the switching rate is moving quite quickly and the rate really seems influenced mostly by how much education there’s been in the market with respect to what this is all about. It’s still a complicated sale, people are still learning what it means to switch off of their local utility. But once that education is in place and there’s definitely a word-of-mouth type of phenomenon, we see the acceleration. So now is a very interesting time given low volatility, headroom, and there almost being a policy education response that these markets are opening up quite quickly.Neel Mitra – Simmons & Company International: That’s very helpful, thank you.
Mayo Shattuck: You know, I think it’s really just a function of what the opportunity is going to be. And obviously we’ve got a business that we feel we can grow. It is growing nicely now, we have a solid strategic path and developing channels, developing products. So to the extent that that strategy is complemented by reinvestment obviously we’ll go in that direction. But recognizing your point, to the extent that that heads in a different direction, which we don’t expect, obviously we’ll look for returning value when we can to shareholders.Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Understood, thank you.
Mayo Shattuck: Julien, I think we think about assets supporting that activity but we also think about liquidity instruments. So in the quarter we redid our lines of credit with a new three-year facility for $2.5 billion. As you’ve seen us with other products, whether it’s the gas-linked credit facility actually that we have with your firm, with the sizing of $500 million as well as other instruments, we’re quite adept at structuring both physical products as well as financial products that allow us to support and sustain the business. So what I’d say is with generation acquisitions or not, we’re going to be looking at the economics associated with, as well as the market opportunity of growing the business and looking to sustain that. I think an important window in which we’re looking at and really guardrails I the context of if you think about the average life of a customer is 18 months, what we have to be able to do is should power prices increase, which as you know increases unit bar and increases the potential for collateral that we might have to post on new business, that we’re keeping a very watchful eye on what that exposure might be in sizing the business appropriately. So I guess the good news for us in this environment is given declining power prices this is not a market where you want to be 100% matched. Actually our advantage with our model, which is substantially larger volumes of sales relative to the generation we produce, to the extent that that leads us or provides us the opportunity to go buy generation assets cheap at what we believe to be the trough of the cycle, to better match that business, then I think we would just view that as having the right strategy and having the right structure and balance, and the flexibility to go leverage the trough in the cycle while others are either shedding assets or doing other things to season their balance sheets.
Mayo Shattuck: No, I think you’d find us to be economic in our decision making and our forecasts, and the extent that there’s good economic business to be done at the right level of risk we’ll do it. To the extent that we’re not being appropriately compensated then we’re not going to do it. And we’ve given you a three year volume outlook; I think that’s fair to say best in class disclosure. To the extent that others want to go out further we’ll consider it.
