Jonathan Thayer: So, Ameet, I'd say year-to-date from a margin standpoint, it is both in retail, as well as wholesale performing roughly in line with plan. That said, particularly in the last month or 2 given some of the lower power price volatility that we've seen, we have seen a more competitive environment develop and as we think about both growing the volumes in that business as we move forward with our merger with Exelon, we do potentially see some margin compression as we try and grow those volumes in the business. As I mentioned in the script, we do see this potentially impacting 2012, but we believe the strategy will be positive in 2013.
Jonathan Thayer: So with respect to outlook given the change in guidance, I can only really speak about 2012 and beyond in less tangible ways. But what I would say is that with the addition of StarTex and MX and the impact of integration costs and the purchase accounting that it is dilutive in 2011. We do see it modestly accretive in '12, and we see it adding fairly materially to 2013 as we complete the integration expenditures and grow the customer base.
Jonathan Thayer: We do. I think it's really based on the compression on dark spreads that you have seen out there. There is some impact from the sorbents we'll have to use to comply with CSAPR as well as the credits that we received. So economic models are suggesting we'll run those plants about 800,000-terawatt -- sorry, megawatt hours less in 2013.
Jonathan Thayer: Sure. So Jay, I think one of the attractive elements of the origination pattern of this business is it gives us a good degree of visibility on earnings as we progress through the year. As you may recall in prior calls, we spoke to better-than-expected performance on the wholesale load auction front. So auctions like those that occur in New Jersey, Ohio as well as Maryland. Given that success, a lot of that's of the contribution from those contracts does come in the latter half of 2011. And I would say being 80% effectively -- 80% of the backlog already being originated, we have a good degree of confidence in our ability to hit the guidance period.
Jonathan Thayer: Mayo, just -- if I might add. As we think about the combination moving forward with Exelon and combining their combined cycle fleet in Texas with our own, that gives us a nice competitive -- load gen balance in the state. And again, with the CSAPR rulings, we have seen heat rates gap out there. So there is the potential for some market volatility to drive some margin improvement relative to what we've been seeing in the last quarter or 2.
Jonathan Thayer: Ali, this is Jack. Importantly, our guidance does exclude the mark-to-market timing elements. Just to remind you, in the first quarter, we had a $0.13 loss. In this quarter, it's an $0.11 positive. So through the first half of the year, it's really netted out to be a $0.02 drag to overall earnings but when we think about those -- the guidance that we give you, those mark-to-market timing elements are excluded from that guidance.
Jonathan Thayer: So we have seen power prices move with certainly the CSAPR as well as the Draft Air Toxics Rule, particularly in the Texas market. I would say though that where we are seeing those prices increase is generally more in the current year and less further out the curve. And I think that probably just speaks to the perception of low volatility around low gas prices and tepid economic growth. So I believe it's our anticipation that as we get closer to the delivery year, we will see the market heat rates or dark spreads expand. Particularly as you think about CSAPR and you think about the Air Toxics Rule as -- and the price of coal, we really do expect and anticipate that we will see meaningful retirements on the coal side.
Jonathan Thayer: Ali, we actually, as we break it out in the call, we do exclude from our guidance, those mark-to-market timing elements. So as we're thinking about how we're progressing into the $0.90 to $1.10 that we've projected to the -- for the year, we would exclude year-to-date negative $0.02 of mark-to-market timing.
Jonathan Thayer: So, Steve, those numbers in that guidance is Exelon's but as Mayo mentioned, as we've gone through the analysis phase and the integration and as we've reviewed and vetted some of the synergy numbers that were included in Exelon's projections, we have gained confidence in those synergies and believe that we will be able to perform roughly in line with Exelon's description of the combined entity.
Jonathan Thayer: So, Jon, this is Jack. I would say pretty much across the board when we look at anything, we tend to be in the EBITDA and DCF driven shop. So as we looked at these 2 opportunities and value them, the EBITDA multiple that was employed as we thought about it and the price that was paid was generally in the 4 to 6x EBITDA range depending on the year. Obviously embedding that within our own platform and the opportunity to get operating leverage, as well as leverage the benefit of matching the customer with the generation presents, we think, an opportunity for upside. But I'd say that's how we value this much less than a per customer valuation. I know that's somewhat common in the cable industry as well as the telecoms industry, but I'm sure that's just a net result of probably their own approach to EBITDA.
Jonathan Thayer: I guess, I'd say that's the $64,000 question. In terms of if you look at market penetration clearly on the commercial and industrial side, you have with the headroom that's existed, you've seen a very significant penetration and switching on the commercial industrial side. I do believe that the opportunity that exists within residential given anywhere from 5% to as much as 30% penetration depending on the market, is significant in part because of the headroom that you described. Getting to critical scale, building the lowest cost delivery platform, marrying that up with low-cost generation, we think could drive meaningful penetration of those residential markets. And as you think about in a post Dodd-Frank world, the collateral efficiency of such a model, it really does in effect, crack the code to how you would think about hedging your generation link in a post Dodd-Frank world where you have to take your hedges to the exchange as opposed to largely bilateral, which is historically what our sector has done.
Jonathan Thayer: Angie, let me try it this way. Clearly, we saw -- I guess first, let me start -- I think we had among the most conservative expectations for where MAAC would clear and as you know, the clearing price was ultimately below our expectations. That said, our entitlements in the rest of pool, the recent 14, 15 results are basically about flat relative to our plan. So with respect to actual clearing volumes, I think at this point, I'd rather not comment on whether any of our historic plans that have cleared in this most recent auction.
Jonathan Thayer: So, Angie, just -- I think it's important to note that as we originate new business today, generally that business is to serve roughly on average, about 18 months perspectively. So some of the competitive environment and some of our comments around '12 and '13 that we've spoken to today really are influenced by that more competitive environment that we're seeing but also a strategic decision on our part to grow volumes in anticipation of having more generation against to match with that. And maybe I'll ask Kathi to specifically comment on which businesses have been performing well.
Jonathan Thayer: Angie, I think that's -- I mean, that's the crux of the matter. The diversity of sales channels, the ability to effectively deploy risk capital in support of business activity and where you can earn the highest return on capital speaks to the breath of the business and the unique return elements within Kathi's NewEnergy business.
Jonathan Thayer: Angie, I think it's important to remember that Exelon does have plants that are in the eastern part of PJM and our -- Constellation's expertise is in managing the physical delivery of that power across seams and to more constrained zones. So when you marry the 2, there's certainly -- we have a history of selling and winning significant load in New Jersey and the BGS auctions. This will, with the Exelon combination, add to our generation and nuclear footprint in those areas and then again the Constellation expertise is in managing the -- in effect, the shaping elements in a very efficient way. So I would say we feel very, very comfortable with the opportunity to be the low-cost provider in New Jersey and other states particularly when you think about the operating leverage that we have by having almost 1 million customers across an entire retail platform.
Jonathan Thayer: Paul, I think the way I'd tackle that is within the wholesale side of our business, we have seen margins on that wholesale side come in at the higher end of expectation for us. With respect to the retail side, as we've commented in this lower volatility environment, we're seeing people price less risk into their transactions. Certainly, we haven't returned to the pre-2008, 2009 margins where we saw them heading $3 and south. But it is getting more competitive.
Jonathan Thayer: I think at this point, we probably don't feel that it's prudent to give a range just because as we've mentioned, we're out trying to aggregate share and grow the business and making investments today to harvest later and as we mentioned, we do believe this strategy will be additive in '13.
Jonathan Thayer: Paul, I think as you know, we've moved away from quarterly guidance. We just don't see it as -- I know it's something that is the bane of the research analyst's existence because as you mentioned, it is hard for us to get it right just depending on the nature of the transactions and offerings in which we've entered. We feel confident with the $0.90 to $1.10 number and we fully expect to meet -- to fall up in that range for 2011.
Jonathan Thayer: Paul, this is Jack. We obviously, PJM and FERC have had meaningful input in how that plant will be bid in from a capacity standpoint. Clearly, it's a constrained zone, and it's something that we have to factor in no different than how as we serve load in New York City. We've had to factor in new plant additions in that in that in-city zone and what happened to capacity prices there. So, obviously, we do factor it into our results and how we forecast, how we're going to serve load and we watch this very carefully and have active participation in both the legislative process but as well as the regulatory process and trying to influence outcomes.
Jonathan Thayer: So it's really 2 things. One, it's the integration expense and two, it's the accounting. You have to fair value the expected life and value of a customer and then that is hung up on the balance sheet and amortized in over the expected period. As that rolls off, in '11 and '12 both the integration expense as well as the preponderance of the customer value are complete by 2013. That said, we do see meaningful opportunity to grow that residential business as well as achieve incremental operating synergies. So we're quite excited about these acquisitions and looking forward to seeing how we can really crack the residential market in a big way.
Jonathan Thayer: We have pretty conservative assumptions around our expectations on how we'll grow the business in our plan. That said, obviously, we're going to be working very diligently to try and grow and exceed those estimates and it will be exciting to see once we integrate with the Exelon fleet how we can really meaningfully move that business forward.
Mayo Shattuck: Jay, I think we're at the point where the platform is pretty well established both geographically and from the standpoint of sort of channel development and product development. So the company is pretty well established across the country now. I'd like to think that organically, we've got the capacity now sort of to move forward without making any platform acquisitions. I'd say that for years and years and years, we've always bought portfolios and those can be quite additive to us just bringing customers on board but not paying any premium for sort of infrastructure development. So I think we're at a place where we had hoped to be because I think we felt that the residential market was becoming important, that we had to get more of a foothold in that. I don't think anyone has invented really the magic sauce when it comes to the cost to acquire issues. So I think that our tests here both on our own and through our acquisitions really present us with a pretty good portfolio of perfecting the model of how to expand on the new customer front. So I think we feel we're in good shape, no doubt the residential market because of its stickiness. We feel it's important to be there at particularly the early adoption phase in some of these states like New Jersey and Illinois. So I would hope that you'd see us go organically from here, but don't be surprised whether we buy a portfolio now and then.
Mayo Shattuck: Yes. StarTex gives us a nice foothold there. It's a great model with great people. We're very impressed with the -- both the founders and the employees we have at that company and their approach in Texas has really been sort of a top-drawer customer experience the people. So that's a good position for us.
Mayo Shattuck: Well, I guess -- I mean, I think it's fair to say that it's a bit of a quiet summer. Obviously, our approach to this merger for those who followed 5 years earlier is substantially different. So that the talk and the debate has been largely around an offer that we've made upfront that I think has been very well received by most of our constituencies. Since we don't -- testimony begins or I should depositions begin shortly and then the hearings don't really take place until the beginning of November. So we're not really expecting the debate to pick up much at all until we get into that hearing timeframe. But I would say number one, Exelon has done a very nice job at putting some of their best people on the ground in Maryland and starting the dialogue as our new partner and I think that the discussions we've had have been very constructive to understand what our constituencies are likely to react to. And lastly, I would say that our mix of things offered in the original offer when we announced the deal, I think has really been well received and touches upon a lot of our constituencies interest. So we're hopeful that when we get into the debate at the PSC that, that all proceeds pretty well and is recognized.
Mayo Shattuck: Well, maybe the surprise is how well I think we all perceive it's going. I think culturally, there are many more similarities than dissimilarities between the 2 companies, and I think we've got a very thoughtful integration planning process underway. Towards the latter part of this year, we're getting into sort of a design phase when we decide on which processes or practices we actually adopt from one side or the other, and I think the dialogue leading up to that has been very, very constructive. So I would say that as the dialogue has increased over these last couple of months, the level of confidence of its sort of strategic relevance and importance as we build the company that will be the most significant in the competitive markets, has become more and more compelling and obvious to people. And I think particularly, if you took a constituency like our own sales force as an example, the merit of matching this generation against the load potential on our side has become more and more apparent. And I think we're eager to get to the finish line here to see how we operate together. And so I feel very good about how the discussion has gone, how people have conducted themselves on both sides and there's a lot of enthusiasm about it.
Mayo Shattuck: Well, actually we've been working on these acquisitions for not just months but probably a couple of years and with the idea that we needed to create the footprint on the residential side that really mattered. I think we're feeling very comfortable about our commercial industrial presence around the country, but as I said before from time to time, we find some sort of customer portfolio acquisitions that matter. But these 2 in particular have been on our radar screen for quite some time and in fact, had to be cited in the context of our own merger agreement as acquisitions that we had intended to do. And so clearly it had been in our own planning process. I think the other concept that you're raising is still very valid in that we felt that on an independent course, we'd have to keep adding generation to match that increased load obligation that was also very much our intent. Although, recognizing that there's something a lot more opportunistic associated with buying power plants I think that we were very fortunate to be there at the right time with the Boston Generating acquisition. But ultimately, I think that the success on the load generation side and all of the things that we have described before that describe and justify why we jumped further towards the end game here with this merger really has an awful lot to do with making sure that this big front end that we've developed and our presence around the country has an appropriate match on the generation side and as we examine that during the course of this whole integration phase, I would say we're feeling very comfortable with how that match works and also helping to identify where the future opportunities are. As Jack alluded to earlier, I think Texas will be a significant one. So, yes, this has been in the planning process for quite some time. And, yes, we did have to get permission so to speak in the context of the merger agreement to make these acquisitions. So they were anticipated at that time.
Mayo Shattuck: Let me just add to that. At the end of the day, we believe it is a scale business and there is this scale associated with the infrastructure, the risk management platform but also things like branding. And I think that particularly as we get into the residential market, the ability to post in all of these markets with a significant branding presence could be pretty important. I mean, the switching rate has accelerated in the course of the last couple of years. I mean, Maryland is now at 15.6%, New Jersey is at 6%, Pennsylvania is at 19%, Illinois is just at 1.7%. So we've got a lot of room here for quite a while as the adoption curve moves forward in each of these states. And if we are present in all these states with a good product offering, with a -- particularly in the commercial and industrial sector, the breath of products which we've alluded to before has certain scale advantages. But as I said, the residential market is still a bit untested and I think that we believe that we found a way to get -- to make money in this business and the real test is going to be how that scale plays itself out with respect to the acquisition and retention of customers. But no doubt, as someone alluded to in the call that the land grab has started and I think we've got a pretty good head start on it.
Mayo Shattuck: Yes, with Nine Mile, Nine Mile has one Mark 1 and one Mark 2 containment. The Mark 1 containment, ML1 has a hardened vent already and the second containment has I would say semi-hardened vents. There might potentially be some work associated with that based on the outcomes of all of these findings.
Mayo Shattuck: The industry is generally not going there yet as I have followed what other companies have said. And I think that that's probably the prudent thing to do. We want to work with the NRC's process, we obviously have digested the 90-day report and are hopeful that we get into a process with industry input and like everyone else, we want these plans to be as safe as possible and to learn the lessons from Fukushima as best they can. I think we have a high level of confidence that these plants are safe and that we also have confidence that they can get better. And so by virtue of working through this, I think we're going to find that there are some cost associated with these sites. Probably unlike 9/11 a little bit more on the capital side as opposed to O&M. But that most people in the industry feel that this is going to be manageable from an aggregate cost standpoint.
Mayo Shattuck: Yes, again I don't -- I think it's certainly that the best way to describe it is some degree of confidence that it's manageable within our CapEx budgets and that there will be some incremental cost but not to put a number on it yet.
Mayo Shattuck: Thank you all for joining us today and when we meet one quarter from now, we'll have, I presume lots of merger and approval type of things to talk about. So we'll look forward to talking to you then. Thank you. [Audio Gap]
