Joe Dominguez: Thanks, Dan. So the management team here remains focused on creating value for our shareholders. You know our business is unique, and we continue to have many unique opportunities in front of us. As you know, we're the best operator of nuclear plants and the largest producer of carbon-free electricity in the US. And now with STP, we'll make more than 180 million-megawatt hours annually just from our nuclear fleet. Our Commercial business serves more than 22% of the competitive C&I market in the United States and is helping customers like Microsoft and ComEd meet their sustainability goals through products like our hourly matching product. Our businesses are essential to addressing the climate crisis and our assets are durable. The IRA provides long-term commitment to nuclear energy as part of the national security of this great nation. We have many ways to grow and bring even more value to our shareholders against a baseline earnings level supported by the PTC. And over the life of the PTC, we'll benefit from price war inflation. We have opportunities ahead of us to create additional value for the clean, reliable nuclear energy that we provide like hydrogen, data centers and expanding our hourly matched product. We have ability to relicense our nuclear fleet to run at least 80 years without needing to replace it. We have many ways to grow and bring more value to shareholders. We generate strong free cash flow that could be used to fund robust organic growth at double-digit unlevered returns, pursue disciplined M&A, support our growing dividend and buyback our stock. Each of these opportunities will create additional value for you, our owners and we're executing on that strategy. We closed the STP deal. We announced $1.5 billion in growth spend in operates, hydrogen and wind repowering. We doubled the per share dividend, and we bought back approximately $750 million of our own stock as part of an authorized $1 billion buyback plan, and there's more we can do. We have significant unallocated capital in '23 and '24, as Dan just outlined, and we could use those monies to further enhance our earnings growth and provide value to you. Constellation cannot be matched anywhere in the market. Our large clean carbon-free nuclear fleet, paired with our customer-facing business and strong balance sheet provides us with unparalleled opportunities to create value for you. And that's what we're focused on. Now we, as a management team, stand ready to address your questions. Thanks, operator.
Joe Dominguez: Steve, I'll take the last question first. We're obviously in a lot of dialogue with other stakeholders, directly with the White House quite a bit. I'm very happy with the way the conversations are going. But there's a lot of detail that needs to be in the rule and be right in the rule. So I would say I'm cautiously optimistic. I think a big part of that isn't just the hub awards, but the fact that I think they're realizing that to really jump start this hydrogen economy, we're going to need reliable time matched clean energy to get both the environmental benefits on the grid side as well as produce hydrogen in the most economic way and transition the economy. So look, I'll leave it at that. I think the conversations have been really constructive. We've spent a lot of time on that, but we've got to kind of land this thing. In terms of when it will land, I think there's an understanding within the administration that a lot of people are waiting on the hydrogen rule and they need to come out with some guidance, again not just for the hubs. But generally, we indicated in article on Bloomberg that I was interviewed in that we're slowing down on a lot of contract signings and other things pending this. And obviously, we're not alone in this ecosystem, doing the same thing. So I think they're working to kind of get this all nailed down. There's just -- there was a ton of work that needed to come out of Treasury for the IRA implementation. And so look, I don't -- I hear the rumors that they're delaying things and all that. I'm not sure I believe that. I think they're working diligently to get this thing done. I don't think the nuclear PTC piece of this is really at least, insofar as I could detect, controversial in any regard. But it also only applies to a limited handful of players like us that have nuclear assets who doesn't have the broad application of hydrogen or domestic content rules and some of the other things that have taken Treasury's time. So I think those things -- the production tax credit for nuclear is going to come in as we expected, but I wouldn't be surprised to see that come close to the end of the year or even in the first quarter. I am hopeful that we will see some guidance before the end of the year on hydrogen and that it will categorically address the use of existing nuclear to make hydrogen in the right pace.
Joe Dominguez: Yeah. I think just normal power sales, volatility and everything else, we factor into the sales of the power. We've talked about historic margins of $2 to $4 and we've been clear that we're towards the top of that as this kind of market has reset itself. The sustainability offering is going to be considerably north of that because it's a new product and provides new value to the customer. Beyond that, for competitive reasons, we haven't really gone into the details of how big the margin is. And I think at the end of the day, pace is something that we're yet to fully understand in terms of adoption. We've got 180 million megawatt hours of power. So we've got a lot of this to sell. It's not all going to be deployed through CFE. There's going to be other things like hydrogen, hopefully, data centers that will take on the load. The customer piece of this is going to be a big part but policy is going to play a role as states and others think about how they want to procure carbon-free, time-matched energy. And at this point, I think we're just -- we're hitting every opportunity and pushing everything, but it's hard for me to sit here and say that we have enough data to talk about how quickly we're going to be able to deploy all of it or a significant chunk of that 180 million megawatt hours. So it’s -- I would say, it's an incomplete at this point.
Joe Dominguez: Shar, I think we've basically said that we think the total universe is less than 1,000, actionable somewhere between 500 and 1,000 megawatts that make a lot of economic sense. Bryan and his team have pretty much at this point, identified every opportunity we see. We're re-costing those. I think they'll roll into the fleet by the end of this decade and some of them will drag out even a little bit longer. But we'll announce those as we complete the work and start ordering the parts for them. But we see opportunities certainly beyond that, which we've already announced. We just -- we don't have an update on that. But this is one of those where the duck looks calm on the surface, but there's a lot of paddling underneath in Bryan's organization, and we'll continue to work those opportunities. We think they're pretty good opportunities, spectacular results.
Joe Dominguez: Yeah, sure, Julien. Look, I think hydrogen will occur for us in two different ways. One will be what we've called the behind the fence line, clean energy center opportunities where we'll make the guess. And what we're looking for in those circumstances when we make the gas behind the fence line of the plant, is people that will take 100% of the offtake of that gas so that we don't become somehow merchant hydrogen gas players. So certainly continuing those conversations and there are opportunities beyond LaSalle. But we'll probably focus on optimizing LaSalle and adding more megawatts there first, if we can. But I think that opportunity exists for a number of plants. The other way hydrogen will evolve is through what we've called the hydrogen -- clean hydrogen by wire, right, where we're providing a contract, very much like the Microsoft and ComEd-type contract through a customer who will then use that contract to justify their getting the tax credit for hydrogen production. And those are a lot of players kind of around the country, including many that exist in our customer base. I would say that we've added a great deal of focus in talking to those customers and seeing what the opportunities can be. I don't know yet how fast they will be able to buy electrolyzers and integrate those electrolyzers into those facilities. So I can't tell you this is a '25 or '26 type of thing in terms of actually producing the energy and producing the gas in those systems, and it could be '27. I think if the rules end up the way that we are hopeful they will end up, you'll see a flurry of contracting opportunity for us. And you'll see us begin to scale LaSalle and look at the opportunity to do behind the fence line hydrogen production at a lot of other places. We haven't stopped the discussions or the work. And in a certain sense, I would say this and data centers probably are enormous inbounds into the company right now. But both require, in the case of hydrogen, clarification from Treasury as to whether those projects will move forward. In the case of data centers, those just tend to be enormous things that require a great deal of discussion and we'll update them. I think if the rules work out the right way, I expect we'll have an exciting '24 and '25 around that. And I'm hopeful data centers will play out the same way. But it's just -- it's too early for me to describe pacing, number of megawatts, impact on the financial outcomes of the company. I'd just say that in 25 years of being in this business, these are the most exciting opportunities we have and I think they'll have great traction. But we've got to get the work done and then we'll announce it to all of you, and you'll see for yourself.
Joe Dominguez: No. No, that's right. I think you've described it well. And I said it in response to Steve's question. It's not like we're yet confronted with the scarcity of the clean megawatt hours that we produce. We've got 180 million of these things. So that gives us the luxury of exploring multiple channels at once. There will be a point in time where we'll be looking at kind of the financial value of one channel versus another. But I think in the early going year, we're going to be wide open and we're certainly working every angle and none are mutually exclusive at this point.
Joe Dominguez: Let me start with that. I think the early questions we got last year, frankly, after the passage of the IRA is whether we stick with the hedging strategy that we had deployed for so many years at Exelon and in the early days at Constellation, that it's been kind of generally described as a third, a third, a third. And what we've done is we've explored all the -- we're exploring all of the options that I just talked to Julien about. But we're not tethered to any kind of fixed hedging strategy, where we're trying to get off a certain number of megawatts in a given year. We have the freedom now to explore different opportunities, to be patient, and we have been. I think over time, the percentage of the fleet that's hedged and the disclosures that we've historically used will become less relevant because we've changed the hedging strategy. And I think we'll talk a little bit more about that at the end of the year and as we update for next year and we look at these different opportunities. But at this point, the IRA effectively gives us the ability to wait and realize the $43.75 at the bus that we're entitled to under the policy. And so anything we need to do here has to be incremental to that opportunity, and that's the way we're looking at the business. That means -- that may mean we're holding on to more power or selling more power. It will depend on how these channels ultimately work. But it's the flexibility that we have now. And frankly, the value that we offer to our owners is to get the best financial results for this fleet we have. And look, I'll add -- it's already been a long answer, but I'll add to it. I just think the value of clean, reliable energy is just going to go up over time and that causes me to want to be patient. Without commenting on the technology, I see, obviously, what's happening with offshore wind. And I think all of our owners could appreciate just how difficult it is to add clean energy, let alone anything that resembles the reliability we have. So that encourages us to be patient as we walk through the transition, and the IRA gives us the policy support to be patient and get the best opportunities for us, for our customers and for the country.
Joe Dominguez: Well, thanks, operator, for handling the call. And I'll just end with the way I started. I want to thank our folks here at Constellation. When we -- when you separate companies, there's this kind of Harvard Business School thing that one of the values you get is that the management team has a good focus and is focused on one line of business as opposed to many, and that brings value. But kind of having lived it, the enormous value that it's brought to us is a clarity of mission not only for the management team, but for our employees, and super excited that they feel passionate about the business. The results we present are theirs. And I just want to end again by thanking them and thanking all of you for your interest in the company. We look forward to talking to you at the end of the fourth quarter.
Dan Eggers: Hey, good morning, David. I would say that we continue to see a strong market backdrop for our Commercial business both on kind of the C&I side, we talk about a lot, and also the load auction side. Margins have been strong this year, particularly strong earlier in the year. Market volatility created opportunity for us as we saw some competitors pull back and get less active as you saw them put a higher price on risk capital for them to be involved in the business. So we've done a good job of maintaining, and in some areas, expanding our win rates where we've seen opportunity at quite strong margins relative to history. I would say probably in the last few months as the year has moved on, we've seen a little more pressure on margins, so well above historical norms but kind of off the highs we saw earlier this year as people start to engage a little bit more in the markets. And as I said, in the load auction side, there hasn't been a huge amount of activity, but we are seeing more participants show back up again now than we had seen in the past. Again, all margins better than history, but we're keeping a close eye on that trend as we go through the rest of this year.
Dan Eggers: Yeah, as we continue to add business, I think we've taken a reasonable approach to our expectations for margins next year. As I said, we're assuming the world stays better than it has been historically, but we have embedded some moderation in margins from what we're seeing, which probably makes sense given kind of movements, and making sure that we meet our expectations for all of you. As we go through the balance of this year, the fourth quarter is an important one to watch and we'll see how much more we can add to backlog for '24 and '25. So yeah, we're hopeful we'll continue to find opportunity.
Dan Eggers: Yeah, Shar, we've had a $1 billion program in place. We've gotten through $750 million of it. And now with [indiscernible] kind of see us spend about $250 million a quarter thus far and so we still have some money to deploy. You could imagine we'll be having conversations with the Board as far as our updated budget plan and how strong '23, '24 and the forwards look beyond that to inform kind of the next wave of capital allocation. Getting STP done was a great deployment of capital this year and kind of looks better by the day with ERCOT prices having moved as they have. Then we want to keep looking for opportunities like that and other things along that way to deploy meaningful amounts of capital if they come available. So we do want to keep dry powder, but we certainly understand that as we get this program worked down, we've got a lot of capital still around and getting it back to our owners has always been a priority. We can't find investments that exceed that double-digit unleveraged return.
Dan Eggers: Yeah. I mean, I think it's probably hard to dismantle that as much as you would like to have, to be totally honest. If you think about how we run the portfolio, the Commercial business becomes responsible for managing our generation business once we get in the [Technical Difficulty] So working with the team on dispatch, how we set up positions will change. It's kind of hard to say who is a generation dollar or commercial dollar at some point in time the way you're thinking about it. But obviously, the Texas plants running as well as they did this summer with prices where they were, we have outpaced our production expectations. So there was some real contribution we got in the quarter or really in the year from ERCOT. So that's going to be a piece of it. But a piece of it is the fact that margins have been quite strong, right? I think part of that is we've seen outsized margins. We talked about the load auctions, right? And we've seen in the first half of this year what I fairly say is unprecedented margins in that business. And so that's been great. We would expect that in normal courses, those moderate in time. And we're seeing a bit of that, right? So there's some that was going to be situational to this year. On the kind of the C&I markets and the mass markets, we've seen very good margins this year that are going to sit in the book for this year and next year and carrying into '25. But as I said to David earlier, we expect some moderation in those margins as we think about what has not yet been committed or was not in our pockets at this point in time. And then the last part, I'm not going to fully get into, but we have had -- with volatility, there's been opportunities to maximize our portfolio in the physical markets. And we've done well on that front again this year to our size, probably this year and last year.
Dan Eggers: Yeah. We're still working through that, right? I think our plan is at the year-end update, we'll probably provide the whole host of new measures and disclosures for all of you. We've had these hedge tables, I think, we're going on something like 15 years moving out of the world of a third, a third, a third as Joe mentioned, and getting into the structure where the PTC provides a very different revenue dynamic for us. It's going to make sense to refresh everything. I also think that with the PTC being an after-tax revenue stream, I was probably talking about earnings on an after-tax basis make more sense for all of you guys.
Shar Pourreza: Good morning. The EBITDA obviously was raised again, but we didn't get sort of that update on free cash flow guides or incremental buyback. Dan, I guess, can you maybe just provide some sort of an update why not move on incremental buybacks? I mean, we got past the key quarter. Is there any sense on -- are you saving anything for dry powder, et cetera? Just maybe a little bit of an inkling would be great.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. And then another quarter of obviously outsized marketing portfolio gains, right? I mean, can we just maybe unpack that $760 million year-over-year gain a little more? I guess, what percentage is durable margin expansion versus maybe opportunistic trading or more one-timey items like ERCOT sparks? Thanks.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. And then lastly, again, for me, I know you realize you guys are still working through your capital planning before the next role. But there have been a lot of recent data points around upgrades for -- in light of like the IRA, especially for BWRs. Can you just get your updated thoughts here on sort of maybe the quantum of opportunity and potential timing there? Thanks.
