Joseph Dominguez: Thanks, Dan. Great job. Constellations like no other company. We have a unique set of existing assets that really can't be replicated that create opportunities for us that no one else has. At our core, we have a visible base earnings growth of 10% through the decade that is backstopped by the federal government through the nuclear PTC and has a built-in inflation adjusted. Backstop is a huge differentiator, especially as some investors start to become concerned about clouds in the economy. Our country needs what we have, clean and dependable power generation to drive economic growth. And the argument for that just got stronger as the year has progressed. We could support both national security and meet environmental goals. Power demand is growing and, at the same time, reliability is becoming a premium product and we have the most reliable generation in America. Increased demand, combined with the change of the electric system to more intermittent, non-dispatchable resources means that volatile power markets will continue. We have a commercial team that is very capable of addressing and earning margins from that volatility. We think Constellation is going to be a huge part of the solution for decades to come. Our clean and reliable nuclear plants, coupled with our ability to offer customers sustainability products will drive the U.S. energy transition and the growth in the data center economy. Politically, both Republicans and Democrats have consistently recognized that nuclear is both the backbone of our system from a reliability standpoint and is key to our sustainability goals. And that growth just -- that support just continues to grow, pardon me. On top of the opportunities we have from volatile power markets, we have more than 180 million megawatt hours of carbon free generation that we produced annually that can achieve additional compensation through in front of the meter deals, behind-the-meter deals, operates and other opportunities to invest in reliable clean energy and government procurements. Not many companies are growing at, at least 10% through the decade as their starting point with a federal backstop. But we're not satisfied with that. We think we will grow base earnings faster with both behind and in-front-of-meter customer deals and increasing our nuclear megawatts. On top of this, our commercial team is working to consistently create products and services that will capture additional value from the markets above our basis. That's our focus. That's what we do every day. So with that, let me turn it over back to you, Michelle to handle questions.
Joseph Dominguez: Shar, I think it could slow things down in terms of folks looking for certainty. But as we kind of think about it, right, you think about the ancillary services that people are debating here get the totality of those ancillary services is relatively small. We actually think it's zero just as PPL and Talen do in terms of the physical application we have. But even in allocation of these ancillary services is relatively a small amount. And if they're metered as PJM proposes, we're talking about really low dollars per megawatt hour $1 to $2 to $3 a megawatt hour at most. Those kinds of charges aren't going to change the economic viability of these projects even if they're imposed. And again, we think the better argument is no charge will be imposed in terms of the configuration we're talking about. So from our customers' perspective, it's about crafting provisions in the contract that allocate those contingencies to the extent they occur and we've had to kind of deal with that in the negotiations of the deal. But these things continue to march forward. I think in the long run, having clarity is going to be the most important thing and getting through this and Talen getting through its ISA and having clarity is only going to kind of speed up the process and speed up deal execution because people will then know exactly what they're contracting for. So that's kind of the way we see it. We're continuing to work forward. I don't think we need to wait until the end of a FERC process to announce a deal. Like I said, contracting provisions will handle all contingencies that might occur with regard to that FERC proceeding. And we really don't see an outcome here where the FERC is going to say, you can't do this. I mean we've outlined the four reasons in the script. I won't go through them again. But this is kind of a -- this is important on so many levels to get done. The policymakers in the states wanted to get done. And I think that message will come through loud and clear in the process. I actually think it's a good opportunity to educate and inform people and kind of get this all out there. This is, again, not a really new idea but it's new to me. And so we've got to walk through the process. Kathleen. I don't know if you have anything to add in terms of the timing of the conference what you expect to see.
Joseph Dominguez: Yes, sure. I don't think that's really any different -- now have been in this business seemingly for so long that I remember these cycles over and over again. We've had these discussions before. But in states like Pennsylvania, states like Ohio, they've been pretty clear. A lot of alone places like Illinois, where I just think that conversation would be impossible. They've been very clear that they want the markets to work. And there's great evidence here that the PJM market has worked. We've seen high prices before in the PJM market. And in fact, even with these higher prices, the point I made in my opening remarks here is that we're still at a lower point than we were 15 years ago. And it's just -- it's a testament to the value of competition. I think stakeholders in those states get it. I think there is a genuine concern about the growth rates in terms of spending on the T&D system. And I don't see policymakers naturally going to the view that monopolization of the generation sector. Further monopolization of the generation sector is going to be the answer now, frankly, any more than I ever did. So we'll respond to those points. But right now, we just have a new FERC process in the capacity option. We need to give it the time to work. There's no evidence whatsoever through history or anything that's going on now, that competition isn't going to address this problem, right? So that's our view.
Joseph Dominguez: Yes. I think it increases urgency, both in terms of that and also urgency in terms of locking down in-front-of-the-meter deals because it is a tightening market and people are saying that, and in particular, for clean and reliable megawatts, it creates a huge opportunity, I think, for Jim's business to go and meet the demand of these customers. And we're certainly seeing that. We've reshaped the team. We've refocused the team through a lot on Jim's part to go out and meet and address the needs of these customers, and we're seeing a pretty significant appetite there. I think it also signals that even with the forecasted growth, right, because the data center growth was in the forecast that PJM used when it ran the auction, its evidence that we have the supply needed in PJM to address this data center growth. So I think it was a positive on two fronts. I think now we have the forecast and the market still responded with enough generation to meet the reliability needs of the system. And -- but at the same time, we do see a tightening in the market and people need to get moving to lock up their supply. So I think it's additive.
Joseph Dominguez: For us that we started with the dual units because that made the most sense, right? One, as you noted, one unit becomes the natural backup for the other unit during outages. But as we've gotten smarter in this, it really depends on the type of data center, whether it's an inference data center or a learning data center. And it really depends on what the hyperscaler intends to evolve the facility. I don't think we've seen all the configurations, and I could easily see circumstances where behind-the-meter data centers are located in the same region as on-grid data centers and effectively provide reliability through fiber as opposed to through wires and backup generation, where on-grid picks up behind-the-meter data needs when the data center is in outage mode. So we could see those configurations -- I could frankly see those configurations evolving even after the unit stations. We're learning a lot. It's -- despite the enthusiasm, we certainly feel it and we know our owners feel it. We're still fairly early innings in terms of understanding all of the different use cases and how our resources will interact with the grid, and we'll interact with these customers. Honestly, I think in talking to them, the customers are still figuring it out. So I at this point, wouldn't rule out anything. We do think the most natural place is the dual-unit site, both in terms of the volume of electricity and the natural backup, we think those are going to be the first sites to be selected. And so far, it appears to be the case.
Joseph Dominguez: Yes. So Steve, I don't think we're time bounded by ultimately clarity in the FERC process. I do think the Talen ISA is going to be instructive and folks are watching that to make sure kind of it goes through or what conditions might get attached to that. But we independently are working on contractual provisions that will allow us to manage whatever outcome comes out of those proceedings. And so, at least for the moment, we're working with our customers towards finalizing deals. And I could certainly see a circumstance where those things get announced and there's still some process going on at FERC or some discussion among stakeholders.
Joseph Dominguez: Not yet, Steve. But the customers are paying attention to this, and by the way, so are the policymakers. Look, if this stuff is happening, and I'll just -- Talen is not our deal, but I'll use it as an illustrate. Talen in that arrangement is bringing $10-plus billion maybe more than $20 billion of economic development to a region that, if we're going to be honest hasn't seen a lot of sunshine from an economic development standpoint of this dimension in a long, long time. And I think it's fair to say that policymakers around Pennsylvania like to see that for communities like this that need jobs and economic opportunities. And I think it's fair to extrapolate from that, that they won't like it very much if people interfere with those things and cause it to come off the rails. And so I think the policymaker reaction, the labor reaction, which, of course, drives policymakers in many of our jurisdictions, they're all pretty important factors. So I think we'll see that play out. I think that pushes parties to try to work these things out. The other thing is, from a customer standpoint, right, you want to be in a jurisdiction that is pro and friendly to data centers and gives these companies every option. And I think in the early innings, that probably isn't the case. And I noticed that you pointed that out in some of your research. So look, we're not at a place right now where people are signing have a circle around a particular jurisdiction with a red stripe through like ghost busters thing. But I think people are paying attention to it. Policymakers want this to happen. They want the parties to work it out. So at the end of it, we will go anywhere we need to go to have the discussion. If we could only have the discussion in proceedings state or federal, we'll have the discussions in state or federal proceedings. But we think the clear signal from what happened at FERC from the rejection of ban legislation in Maryland is to tell parties work these issues out. This economic development is important. I don't think we're the only ones hearing that message. And we'll strive and we do this every day to have conversations. You don't have to have every policy conversation in a proceeding. And frankly, if we did, regulators and lawmakers would never sleep. So we need to continue to have those discussions. I just -- in my view, Steve, it's this. If you have clean energy centers in your jurisdiction and you could offer that opportunity, that's a huge advantage for the incumbent utility to make the state a place that's friendly to the data economy. And what we've seen before is one data center attracts more because they kind of work together. So I just think the approach here of thinking about this as a zero-sum game is really just kind of the wrong mindset. And I think we just got to kind of get through that phase, and where you're working very hard to do it. Our owners expect us every day to work on the things that bring the spectacular results that our team is announcing today. And that's what we want to be working on. We don't want to be tied up in proceedings all over the place. We will if we have to, but we prefer to resolve these issues in a way that's friendly to what policymakers want and what customers want. That's what we aim to achieve.
Joseph Dominguez: Well, I think we're going to be largely reactive to what we're seeing. But we will work with customers, with labor unions and others to make sure that all opportunities remain on the table for economic growth. But we're sitting here thinking about launching legislation. We think this is like the cogen stuff that I alluded to are the micro-grid stuff that we've talked about, largely handled in the regulatory arena.
Joseph Dominguez: Well, I will point to either Kathleen or David Dardis, our General Counsel. We could talk certainly about some of what we've presented in our case, but we have generally seen billion dollars of costs associated with a gigawatt of load, right? And in jurisdictions where a lot of that is socialized, 90% or more and frankly, I think that's an underestimate because that just includes kind of direct substation market. It doesn't include the work behind the substation that may be necessary, but we see some jurisdictions where a lot of that is spread out to many other customers in our applications, those hyperscalers are paying for the connection. Now if not $1 billion because the connection is occurring right at the plant, which is the point, right? So what we're doing is creating switchyards and other things that are 1/10 of those costs to connect the certain amount of load. But you could see easily a factor of 10x, I actually think it's more when you talk about putting a data center out on the grid somewhere. And a lot of those costs get socialized to customers that aren't the hyperscalers. And so that's the real benefit. But the other thing that, look, Paul, when we're talking about this, we are pretending as if the grid could easily host 1 gigawatt of load. When I was at ComEd, the largest load we ever had in the system was steel mills at 150 megawatts, right? If -- when I was General Counsel at PICO, the largest -- one of the largest loads we had were the refineries in Philadelphia, 60 megawatts, 70 megawatts. The notion that you could accumulate enough power somewhere on the grid to power 1 gigawatt data center is frankly laughable to me that you could do that in anywhere that doesn't start with decades of time, right? This is an enormous amount of power to go out and try to concentrate it. Think about it. You're building 345 kV lines with all the attendant substations to create all of the redundancy, each one of those substations having to draw power from an independent source. It just it has always made sense. This is not new, it's always made sense that when you're talking about large loan, you're going to bring it closer to large generation resources. And when you're talking about large load that also wants to use your own mission energy, you're going to bring it very close to nuclear power plants. We need to make sure that policies don't inadvertently drive us to spending billions of dollars where cheaper solutions are available, quicker solutions are available. And from an electrical engineering standpoint, more prudent and, frankly, feasible solutions are available. So we're going to have those policy discussions, but I think that's what's going to be revealing in the FERC discussion. And it's powerful. If you want to take a look at one document that I think lays this out pretty clearly, Mike Formo, who for many, many years, was the leader of transmission -- all things transmission at PJM published a report. He is also Senior Vice President of Transmission for Exelon for a period of time in his career, about issues I just described, the feasibility of connecting and the cost of connecting super large loads somewhere on the grid as opposed to colocation. And he lays it out pretty succinctly in his expert report. Those are the things we'll be talking about to regulators and policymakers. There's going to be opportunities for data centers in both places, but dimensionally, the bigger we get, the closer we're going to be to the generation source if we are going to have any chance of doing this in a manner that addresses the nation's need for timely action.
Joseph Dominguez: Well, thank you. We've had a great beginning to the year. And again, just want to give a shout out to all of our folks that made it happen. We really feel strongly about our performance to date, we really feel strongly about what we think we're going to be able to accomplish in the balance of the year and the work we're doing. I appreciate the robust discussions we've had today around colocation. One always gets concerned that one particular issue distracts from the overall benefits of the company that are really laid out in the last slide we have in the deck about the unique opportunities we have here. We're super excited about them. We appreciate your attention, your focus on Constellation, your ownership and I guarantee you, we'll continue to focus on the things that create value for you. With that Michelle, end the call.
