Kathy Hyle: Hi, Dan, this is Kathy Hyle. So we continue to expect 5 to 7 margins in the retail business over the long-term, and the 2 to 4 margins that we previously communicated to you in the wholesale business as well over the long-term. And margins as you've heard really before is just one of many factors that we use to assess and manage our business, so other factors include renewal rates, win rates, collateral costs, customer mix, operating costs and more importantly, or most importantly, profitability. And we have been, and we target returns in the 11% to 14% range, which I think we share with you on Analyst Day. We have been, and are, conscious and intentional in targeting the right customers, and it's these customers that will prove more profitable as they are renewed and as we have the opportunity to provide multiple products to the customers.
Kathy Hyle: The 4.35 does not include any backlog. It is just new business that we booked in the quarter for realization in the future. So there's no backlog in that 4.35 number. 
Kathy Hyle: No, we're comfortable as Jack said with our guidance range for next year, although we're likely to be in the lower end of that guidance range based on what we're seeing right now from origination standpoint. 
Kathy Hyle: Hi, this is Kathy. So one transaction that we have originated that are in the backlog, the level at which we originated we assume we will realize. So in the chart…
Kathy Hyle: The 41% that has not been originated, if we, you know, for 2011, if we don't do anything better than what we've done to date in Q2, so 435, $4.50 range, we would expect to be in the low end of our guidance range. 
Kathy Hyle: And just to be perfectly clear, with the backlog that we've already locked in for 2011, and with our expectations on what we will originate for rest of year that may impact 2011, we would expect our margins that would flow in 2011, will be well within that 5 to $7 range.
Kathy Hyle: So certainly, this was a competitive quarter, but it's really a mix of our business, so as you look at the mix of our renewals, versus our new customers, the size of customers. We had a much higher percentage of absolute largest customers over 40% of the business that we originated this quarter, were absolute largest customers. And they tend to be a little bit lower margin customers because quite frankly, from a profitability standpoint, they are a lot cheaper to serve, from an operating cost standpoint. So we look at profitability, we're targeting now 11 to 14% range, and mix will impact these margins. 
Jack Thayer: Greg, this is Jack. I'll take that one. I think our volume expectations for 2011 have not changed from Q1’s guidance. 
Jack Thayer: Greg, the important part there, and maybe this is a bit too nuance, but one of the comments I made in the presentation is in this lower volatility, lower priced environment, the collateral charges that we are, that the collateral we're paying for to reserve or to post, to support businesses is lower. So overall profitability for megawatt hours, put aside the gross margin discussion, but the profitability EPS contribution is what, is higher so that's what allows us to sustain that, that guidance range at the same price level. 
Jack Thayer: It's perhaps a little more nuance than that. The actual, the posting requirements are lower, the cash posting requirements are lower. 
Jack Thayer: And so while some of it is as you suggest an inter-company charge in terms of how much collateral we have to reserve to be able to post, if prices decline, just because prices are at a lower overall level and have lower volatility, the actual cash we have to post externally to the extent we hedge the exchange is also lower which, obviously, it has lower costs. 
Jack Thayer: I think that's correct. Now that we have clarity on the FinReg regulations while it's going to take 18 months likely to translate the thousand pages of legislation into actual rules and implementation, I mean, it's our view that we're quite comfortable reducing what we described as perhaps $1 billion of cash we could keep around to $400 million of cash for working capital. 
Jack Thayer: I guess first off, I don't think we would say that we anticipate raising guidance on 2011; it was more we would come in at the upper end of the range. With respect to, as we mentioned, in Q1 we had a 74% generation hedge on 2011, and as of Q2, we're about 77% hedge, so we have kept ourselves open to benefit from the rise in prices that we did see during the quarter. And as we mentioned, during the call, we've seen significant improvement in '12 and '13 as prices have rebounded, and were less hedged in that. 
Jack Thayer: Sure. And wanted just to provide some numbers, the changes, about $79 million in 2012 and the real benefit from the MAAC capacity is $234 million increase in 2013. That's really when we see the half year benefit, so $104 million comes from capacity. I think importantly, as you look out to '14, I know that's a long ways out there for people, but we would expect to get a full year benefit from this higher sustained capacity prices so it really starts to improve things in '14 and beyond. You're seeing about half of that $79 million come from capacity, and about half of it coming from a rise in power prices. I'll tell you that Navasota is starting to contribute to the bottom line in '12 and '13 as well.
Jack Thayer: Part of it's the acquisition of the Texas plant; I would say the majority of it is just an outlook for improved dark spreads and E-rates out the curve. 
Jack Thayer: Well, I don't think it would be appropriate for me to opine on exactly what DOE may or may not do. What I can be clear about is they have authorization in hand today to be able to provide a conditional loan guarantee commitment for our application. However, additional authorizations needed for future project that get to a similar state. Our project is the only one that is as advanced in the DOE process as it is. And therefore, would seem most readily available to be assigned to the authorization available today. But exactly how the administration and DOE will move the process forward, I think, is really not for us to opine. We're hopeful and we see everything lined up but we don't know exactly what the schedule might be.
Jack Thayer: Sure. So with Navasota, as you know it currently operates about 25% capacity factor, we do see that region growing and the market tightening. Importantly, there's no capacity value in the market so, and there's a willingness from ERCOT to let power prices go quite higher as you know. So what we're expecting is both an increase in capacity factor utilization. We model that it gets to approximately 50% as you progress throughout our five year plan. We're also expecting higher power prices as you see reserve margins tighten and, ERCOT uses rising power prices to sent a new build signal. 
Jack Thayer: And I do think Neil just, again, I touched on this a little bit earlier, but part of our logic in breaking out the NewEnergy segment is to transform the discussion from one of gross margin, because I think the manner in which and we've seen this as others have reported but also as Mayo mentioned people exiting the business, we’ve looked at the business, and what we’ve learned is there's a variety of definitions of gross margin within the industry, and really, obviously what everybody cares about is profitability per megawatt hour, and the intent of our new disclosure is really around trying to demonstrate the actual profitability of this business. And importantly, as we leverage our size and scale over risk platform and more of that profitability as gain efficiency drops to the bottom line. That's really what we care about, which is why you hear us focusing on this return on equity concept of 11% to 14%.
Jack Thayer: And Mayo some incremental comments. I think our original thesis we could see an increasing level of opportunity for investment broadly in the competitive markets as this new sustained power price environment plays through is actually coming to fruition. We are starting to receive more - - starting to see other private equity owned or hedge fund owned assets coming to market as well as you're starting to see companies go back to basics and explore investing merchant fleets. 
Jack Thayer: Yes, we're still planning on funding UniStar through the end of the year, so we have plans but during that period of time we need to have the signal at the loan guarantees in place.
Jack Thayer: Well, I will give you a sense that I believe it's a significant number that we have bid on and I'm not sure we would size out the low but yes, we feel very comfortable about the margins that we're achieving in the course of those secondary sales. 
Jack Thayer: Well, Paul before we get there just as we build our plans for the year, we always anticipate because we, as Mayo has mentioned, this has been a continuing part of our business so we always have in our forecast some projection of margin and earnings coming from these types of endeavors. 
Jack Thayer: With respect to your question on mark-to-market, in the quarter, it was positive $47 million, on a year-to-date basis, it's 10. 9 as you recall mark-to-market was negative in the first quarter. 
Jack Thayer: I think the reality is those assets are more mid-merit in the stack, so the likelihood of us making that investment is probably quite small.
Mayo Shattuck: Greg, I might also add that, yes, pretty consistent phenomenon over the years at the wholesale level is that competitors come and go, and what has happened this year is some acceleration of the exiting of certain participant at the wholesale level, and they are re-marketing their load obligations back to people who are active in the market like ourselves, and so we do model that to our plans in terms of wholesale volumes. But what's been interesting is the fact that we can lose at the front end of some of these wholesale auctions, but it's not that infrequent that load actually comes back to us again as people come in and out. And I think that that speaks to the fact that we've been in the business for 12 or 13 years now. Some of the exiting players will come to us in the normal course to offer up their load obligations knowing that we're actually a quick responder, we're commercial, and we've been in it for a long time. So as you know, people sometimes use the wholesale auction level for various strategic purposes, but we're in it consistently year in and year out and participating as a core business.
Mayo Shattuck: In addition, you asked about the developments in France. There have been several issues with respect to EDF and [Areva] and the relationship between the two, as well as some focus on France's overall effort to support new nuclear globally.  Just yesterday, the so-called recently report was issued, it was by France saw recently report to the President of France, bringing forth a number of findings and recommendations all with an objective of improving the way France is positioned to succeed with new nuclear.  And they have put a very specific focus on success of their activities with their plant in France and preparation for their activities in the U.K., and drawing the lessons learned from both Finland and China into that process. In addition the working relationship EDF and Areva is now made much more clear, so that there will be a focal point and it will be EDF to lead the French nuclear efforts around the globe, and that includes, of course, here in the U. S. We have been working very closely with EDF for the past three years, in all matters related to new nuclear, and in particular, our project stands to benefit from the lessons learned of the one unit in Finland, one in France, and two in China before we are ready to really put a shovel in the ground and move significantly forward here. So further the delay of our project in the queue compared to the others will benefit from the lessons learned that France is now bringing to the forefront.
Mayo Shattuck: I might add also that hopefully, you hear from us the strategy of being customer centric across a broader set of products so that at some point, the goal is to not exclusively be looking at the margin specifically on the commodity, because we are, have been and will continue to introduce more product content to that relationship which adds to the profitability per customer. So, Jack alluded to the fact that we have about 15% of our revenue now flowing outside of the commodity arena, and our charter here strategically is to increase that product penetration. So over the quarters ahead, hopefully we'll be able to expand a little bit more on that progress because we have a number of initiatives that are geared towards stickier relationships, and more value added type of relationships with our customer base, and so we'll work on ways in which to communicate profitability per customer, profitability per channel, and other sort of transparency that helps a little bit as to whether we're executing on that strategy very well.
Mayo Shattuck: Well, as I think that we've stated our strategic intent is to acquire more generation to back the load serving business. So we have a team here that does look at what we believe to be available opportunities and we have them appropriately analyzed some are in process, obviously, Navasota deal closed. We've looked at others, and that will continue for a while. So our intent is to continue to execute on the strategy of acquiring plants, you know, in the regions where we're operating on the load serving side. So it's active, we've got the right resources here to focus on it, and I think we have a high level of confidence that we're going for execute on that you know in course of the next 12 months or so.
Mayo Shattuck: It's definitely a this year decision. I think we've all been geared towards having an answer before this point in time, frankly, and so there's some level of frustration that we haven't had an answer at this point, but as Mike alluded to, we're well into the process. We know our application is the most advanced, and there are other variables that we just simply don't have a whole lot of transparency on as to why it's been tied up. But we've indicated to all of our constituencies, and there have been a lot of them who have been attempted to help us on this, including labor and our congressional delegation, and others that you know, we can't keep going at the rate that we're going without clarity on the loan guarantee. And when we get that loan guarantee, you know that there's a negotiating process with DOE, so it's typically 90 days, like a Southern was given a 30 day extension before solidifying that. There are other; you know there are other things that we need to get on with of which the loan guarantee is sort of the principal catalyst. And we need to get that, you know, such that we can keep pursuing EPC contract, and other risks mitigating aspects before we put a shovel in the ground. So you know, time is a little bit of our enemy at this point, and I think what we're signaling is some level of frustration that this has gone a little bit too long. And you know, we all recognize that we do need government support. And these are huge projects, and you know any single company in our case, we have two companies involved, needs to balance all of the risks and make certain decisions as to whether they can contain the ones they need to contain, and we are very much focused on that. 
Mayo Shattuck: Well as I alluded to last time we spoke, the, you know, we acknowledged the issues around the put option, but we're frankly really, we're working with EDF holistically on a new nuclear project, and in conjunction with bigger operating partner. So it's really, at this point, not constructive to introduce the put issue into the equation, because we have, you know, a very, you know, detailed and thorough discussions with EDF with respect to the strategic initiatives that were involved in together and we have till year end to address that issue, and we really don't have a lot to say about it, in the meantime. 
Mayo Shattuck: I think let say, to your question is that, well, the facts are that put option expires at the end of the year, our tolerance with respect to investment without a loan guarantee is pretty much the end of the year, so yes, I think that the good news for investors is that my view is that a lot of this will resolve itself by the end of this year. We will definitely have a clearer path and be able to sort of resolve these issues.
Mayo Shattuck: It's, it's actually based on the approval from the Pennsylvania PUC that allows us to transfer Safe Harbor, which is our hydro assets, that's the reason that went up in the quarter.
Mayo Shattuck: Yes. That's simply the business that we've been in a continuous way that particularly along the east coast that the load auction that take place in New England, and New Jersey, and here in Maryland. Historically, we win a fair share and lose a fair share, and some of that share that we've lost comes back on the market, and in effect, they conduct either auctions or bilateral discussions about whether we would take on that load and sometimes that's a function of the load being in the money to a winning participant, and they are trying to extract some cash and in other cases its just the opposite, they simply want to get rid of the obligation, but since we're in and out of the business as long as we're pricing it accordingly, we're happy to participate in effect and what is the sort of a secondary auction. 
Mayo Shattuck: With respect to, if you think about our PRB, it is a on delivery route. The fluctuations on PRB on a tonnage basis aren't going to drive that nearly as much as rail so, I think your self position is correct. 
Mayo Shattuck: And the reality is we burn such a small fraction of PRB and we're looking at that in our Crane facility, it's not all that material to the earnings of the company.
