Joseph Dominguez: Yes. Thanks, Dan, for that good comprehensive summary. Look, as I think about the last quarter, I'm going to flip to Slide 15. You're familiar with our value proposition. But the things that were important for us were to get the separation done, demonstrate that we continue the performance in the commercial business and the other operating businesses to the same levels or better than what we had done when we were all part of Exelon.  We've certainly benefited from some of the changing fundamentals around natural gas and coal. And well, I'm sure we'll get questions about our long-term views. I think it's safe to say that the short-term market, the 12- to 18-month market is something that is heavily influenced by a lot of behaviors. But we've seen fundamental changes. We're not going to go back to the gas price and coal price environment that we saw just really, frankly, 12 to 18 months ago. And that provides strong support for nuclear.  I talked a little bit about policy where we have gotten some successes at the state level, and we're obviously still waiting on the federal government. Here's what we believe. Given the importance of nuclear energy, we don't think there will be an energy package that happens this year or anywhere down the road that isn't going to include nuclear energy. And that's a sea-change difference. And when you're an owner of this company, that's an option you have.  Talked a little bit about the technical optionality we see with the nuclear plants becoming clean energy centers, where we can power the grid, but we could do much, much more than that. We can capture carbon at the sites, and we can make other hydrogen-related products at the sites that I think are going to be competitive advantages for years to come.  You've seen a lot of supply chain issues, inflationary pressures occurring to other businesses. Not saying we're immune from those things. But certainly, given the composition of our fleet and the fact that our costs aren't rising with the oil and gas and coal costs, certainly to the same degree as others, gives us, again, a competitive advantage.  And then finally, look, we're going to manage this business in a very disciplined way, both with regard to growth but also the balance sheet itself. Dan talked about that balance sheet giving us a competitive advantage, and it has. We're seeing margin expansion as others who frankly don't have the same balance sheet capability really having to increase margins, and we're getting the upside of that.  So I like where we're at here at the end of the first quarter. We have hedged into higher-priced markets. And frankly, our objective is to ensure that we hit the targets we've given to the Street or do better. And so we've hedged, and we've continued to hedge, as Dan said, into '24 and beyond, into the higher prices that we like to see. I'm sure you'll have some questions about that. But I like where we are positioned.  So with that, let me flip it back to you for your specific questions. As I said, the senior team here is ready to answer them. 
Joseph Dominguez: Yes, sure, Stephen. Look, as you all would well imagine, as a new CEO of a new company, spent a good bit of time over the last few months in Washington literally having dozens of meetings with White House policymakers and others. I still believe that there's a strong appetite to get something done on clean energy. I think they don't like to call them the Build Back Better tax pieces, but there's a lot in there that all sectors of the energy business like in terms of the tax policies. And I think there's strong support certainly continuing within the Democratic Party, Senator Manchin and others to get something done. What we're seeing is whether or not there's an appetite to do it from a bipartisan standpoint. And Stephen, as much as I think -- as I said, that there's something in it for Republicans and Democrats, we're all observing the challenges of getting anything done from a bipartisan standpoint, and certainly, this close to an election, that might be a lift. What I do believe is that the Democrats will try to get this done, in particular Senator Manchin will try to see if there's an appetite, but they're not going to be strung out forever trying to get bipartisan support if it becomes evident that the votes just aren't there to get to 60.  So I think people are assessing that in D.C. One of the things that, honestly, I thought was a bit of a disaster with Build Back Better was the amount of which the kind of political interplay was being spelled out every day in the newspapers. It was counterproductive. Often is counterproductive in negotiations to have that kind of play-by-play going on and certainly was there. I think they've learned their lesson, and they're very clearly trying not to do that. But there's a difference between not being vocal about it and not doing something about it. We see activity on the ground. I think very clearly here, the next couple of months are going to be telling, right, whether or not there is something from a bipartisan standpoint or the Democrats can decide at the end of the day that they have to move their own bill. We're going to know that here in the next 4 to 8 weeks.  But my point is, as I said, more fundamental, we're building this company for the long haul. And I think all of you need to kind of spend some time and take a timeout and remember how far we've come. And I think all of the momentum is at our backs. As at least I appreciate these bipartisan discussions, there's nothing but support for the nuclear components of the bill. And I'm happy to see that. We've worked on it for a long time. And honestly, as I said in my scripted comments here, the work or the problems that we've seen in Germany and Europe I think have simply reinforced the U.S. policymakers the importance of keeping this fleet alive from a national security standpoint, an energy security standpoint. And although we are hyper focused on those things right now, the climate change problems are not going away. That's what we built this company to address. That's what we will address, and I'm confident that policy will back it up. 
Joseph Dominguez: Steven, I'm going to ask Jim to jump in here. We're not vigorously tied to the 1/3, 1/3, 1/3 that you saw from this company in prior years. We have, as you pointed out, through the state support mechanisms, a lot of our volume already hedged -- but look, we saw a good run of prices during the course of the quarter. And Jim's message to the team was opportunistically seasonally where it makes sense let's grab some of that value. And in point of fact, as we're sitting here today, some of the high points that we saw during the quarter have now worked their way back a little bit. And we're pretty glad that we had those hedges. So look, I don't think we're going to be slaves to 1/3, 1/3, 1/3, but we're going to see value. And you ought to know that, as we're going to run this company, we're going to be disciplined around the balance sheet, but we're going to be disciplined about making sure that every time we give a projection to you, we hit it or do better. And so we're going to continue to use the hedging strategy to give us that sort of assurance.  Jim, jump in here with more color. 
Joseph Dominguez: Sure, Steve. We have looked at it. And as you know, we announced at our Analyst Day, we did a deal at our combined cycle machines down in Texas, where we get incredibly strong interest from data center companies that come behind the fence line, and not only at the fossil plants in Texas, but, of course, taking advantage of the clean energy production at our nuclear plants and the high reliability that they get sitting behind the fence line there. We've held back a little bit on that. First, not interested in getting into more commodity risk around bitcoin and cryptocurrency. And honestly, I think all of the events that have transpired since Analyst Day kind of reinforce that sense of running the business and not having commodity exposure in terms of the production. So far, that's the way we've run things. We will look at contracts. But right now, I'm holding tight to see what happens in Washington because I want to see how that policy would work and interplay with any contract we might have with a data center behind the fence line. But is it an opportunity? Sure, it is. The Tier 0 data center market is going to do nothing but grow even if the cryptocurrency piece of it starts to stagnate a little bit, and those will be opportunities for us. But they're not things that we need to jump at with our nuclear plants. I think hydrogen and certainly how the production tax credit work are things that we need to see pretty clearly before we enter into long-term deals. 
Joseph Dominguez: Yes, Paul, I think if I could complement Jim's points here, just, there's one piece of it that the customers are asking us for the sustainability products. The other piece is we see, obviously, starting with the U.S. government, a focus on load matching from a geography and a time standpoint. This is following a trend we've seen in Europe where regulators, customers, governmental entities and producers are all trying to, as I said, bring together the production of clean energy with the consumption of clean energy. If we're really going to move to a clean energy economy, we've got to make sure that those things match up, we send the right price signals for things like storage and other technologies that'll help us match these things up. So beginning with the executive order that President Biden signed earlier in this year, there's been a growing focus on load match. The other piece of that is what's going to happen out of the SEC process? What are people going to have to demonstrate to support their assertions around sustainability? Those are all big focus areas. But we've got to be ready with the technology to fill the niche to be able to deliver that value to our customers.  And I mentioned this earlier in my comments, the RTOs, too, have to provide the industry with the data that tells us when renewable energy is being produced, when storage is being operated, and where it's happening relative to consumptive load. And many folks are surprised to learn that, right now, the RTOs don't offer that capability. So we've worked with PJM and others, and I complemented PJM's leadership for getting after this. But there are a lot of pieces that still need to come together for the 24/7 business to really develop it's kind of full muscularity. There are a lot of these regulatory questions that need to be answered, technical capabilities. But what we're trying to do is move this business, and we obviously have the support of supply but move this business into a position where it anticipates the continuing trend in the direction of matching load and generation, which we have to do if we're going to make a dent in the climate crisis. 
Joseph Dominguez: Yes, Paul, it's a good question. We're not going to remark that annual guidance or the multiyear guidance on a quarterly basis. But certainly, I think we talked about the idea, we're confident in our capital budgets and our cost budgets. So there's more at the top line. You can probably translate it down to what it means for us. 
Joseph Dominguez: And hopefully, Congress will act, and we'll have some sense of what that looks like for us at the same. So still a lot of moving pieces but a great start. 
Joseph Dominguez: Well, just -- I just want to end up where I started off. Thank you all for your interest in the company. I'm thankful for the men and women who run this company. They've been doing a great job. Look forward to continuing this discussion in our next quarter, and frankly, continuing the good performance. Have a wonderful day. 
